
5142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although this cover is a tight fit, it works perfectly with my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Roland-V-Combo-VR-700/dp/B0035JDZDC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Roland V-Combo VR-700</a>&nbsp;(that board's exact dimensions are 51.5" long x 16.25" wide x 4.785" high.  For a complete list of boards which are known to be compatible with this cover go to the manufacturer's site at gatorcases, locate this product page and download the cross-reference document.
230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly with my keyboard. Good weight and feel. Sturdy.

6361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did some research before buying 2 new humbuckers for my Ibanez S470 and came to the conclusion that the dynamic duo of Seymour Duncan's SH-2 and SH-4 were for me. I found the 2 sold together as a combo pack for a great deal at $110, when otherwise they're $70-$75 each. So I was happy I got what I wanted for much less than I was prepared to pay but enough about that.


3461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love Boomers!  I've been playing the bass for 16 years and these are my favorite strings.
9047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good for strumming 0.012 and 0.013 acoustic guitar strings.
and got Boss DR-880. That what I should do in first place..

951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, it does what I need it too! Now if only I would practice more and not be the suck. Haha
In closing, I would say that I am happy with this product, and give it a 5 star rating, but I still prefer the Schaller brand locking system.  The Schallers require a couple extra tools to install, and cost about $5 more, but I feel it is money well spent.  I will, however, most likely buy a few more sets of these Dunlops for my acoustics and my Viper, as I do prefer the comfort that these provide on those 'back-mounted' strap button type guitars.
5572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality of case beyond what I expected for the low price! Solid body, tight hinges and latches, handle solid, top is flat, my Epiphone SG Special fits snug!
6161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use this amp and you will spend less time tweaking your sound and more time practicing.  I'm finally able to focus! Very important if you want to improve your guitar skills and not waste time.  This amp has lots of realistic sounds and makes it easy to switch around.  Switch from Acoustic to BritCombo+Chorus+Reverb in seconds.  The JC Clean mode also works great as a clean channel with an external distortion pedal if you want to mix it up (I'm using a DS-1).  A solid investment, buy one and you'll see what I'm talking about.
9236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine! No problems! Holds all the strings tightly. Easy to work with and clip on to guitar. Best capo we have used so far.
My ONLY complaint ... the 1' (12") one includes the 4" of XLR tip (meaning the cable itself is not 12"), so buyer beware.
325	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for recording E-drums into DAW.
4891	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have both the BOSS DS-! and this. Forget what some people saying about this being crappy and to much gain. This pedal is great and you can get tons of great tones from a good Metallica, Black Veil Brides, Megadeth, Avenged Sevenfold tone, and several others. Just don't crank up that distortion to full blast and you will be good.

9741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these picks all the time. Picks are .60mm thin and use them for my electric guitar and are still durable for my acoustic guitars. The nicest things about these picks are how the combination of the print in front and raised pattern in the back, keep me from losing the pick while I am playing. My fingers sweat all the time and I lose other smooth picks when I play.
3060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These speakers are remarkable. I have them sitting in extreme near field, 3 feet apart and 3 feet from my ears and the detail and imaging are superb even at low volume. At louder levels they will punch you with bass and percussive transients for hours without being fatiguing.
Again, if you think this all you need, get it; the rack itself is a great product. Just think ahead if you're a DJ. Me, I have two 1U mixers, a 1U power strip, a 2U lighting controller, a 1U rack, a 1U decibel meter, and some other stuff. I only expected I'd have about four or five of those things when I started and had this rack, so now I regret buying it.
1538	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't expect this cable to be so thin. It's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable I've used. Not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. If I had the foresight I'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable.  Still, it works and was inexpensive.
9603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my favorite pick. take it from a pro, this gives you the best compromise puck

8155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	its the pick for me for over 11 years.
5806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There is some orchestra music just barely fits in the pockets.

The SM-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  This mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  The reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type Shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  On the other hand, the SM-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  While the SM-58 is certainly the number one professional PA vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  The live vocal mic that works best for me is the Shure SM-57 with a windscreen.  However for other people the SM-58 works better.  It depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  If you have a very deep voice, the SM-58 might be the second best choice after the SM-57 which has a better low frequency response.
4503	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Threw these on my fender jazz 5 Which is a pretty heavy bass.  Works like a charm.  I can run around and throw my bass everywhere and rock the hell out and not have to worry a bit.  The best in the industry besides Schaller.  I personally dislike Schaller because of their design these are way easier to take off your guitar or bass.  Definitely recommend to any pro musician
It had a nice grit to it that reminded me of Tom Waits. Obviously it isn't the best vocal mic, you can drop thousands on a Neumann if you want a killer vocal mic, but for some creative applications this mic is great.
Addendum: Just bought a new Taylor Guitar with the ES system. tried for hours to get it to sound like the Fishman with no luck. Placed the Fishman in and it blows the ES away. I actually modified the battery case on the end of the Taylor to hold my Fishman Jack, and will not be using the ES at all.
2059	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have for anyone who owns multiple guitar/bass amps/guitars. Great for cleaning and lubing pots on amps and guitars. I have fixed a few amps using this stuff. Great stuff!
3816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice dtrings
7025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks!  Lighter, better than the cheaper ones I had at home - yet a great price.  Will buy again.
1834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!

2631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Audio-Technica ATH-M20 Professional Studio Monitor Stereo Headphones  are just what I needed in my studio.  They have great ear pads and stay comfortable even after hours of use.  They have great sound and reproduce the music with all the lows and highs intac.  Great product for the money and it did come with a 1/4 " adapter plug and a long spiral cable as indicated.  Get one today!!!!
9476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had one of those capos with the handles on the bottom because they were the "new" thing.  They hit my knuckles when playing certain open chords.  Changed back to this style.  You just can't go wrong with a Kyser.  And...love the color.
3775	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	husband says good
- Ear pads are dirt cheap looking.  Looks like a blind person stitched them, haha.  But mine haven't split in the years I've owned them.  Just some wear on the edges rubbing against things in my backpack.
All have been 'OK' but the Protec is the best case of all that I have had (and I guess also the largest).  It is a little bit heavier than I expected but this has the advantage that you can assemble the clarinet with the case in your lap.  (With the lighter Kaces, the supplies stored in the top zippered pocket cause the case to tip in that mode, requiring a bit more dexterity if you want to assemble sitting in a chair.)
8250	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Evans heads are always great.
276	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using this on 73 Key Controller emulating a Hammond and able to get all the expression out of the software which previously was not possible
8061	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These are so thin that the pics click a lot.
409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works. It's cheap and it works.
6701	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	In all the years I have played. These are the sticks I keep coming back to. Oak for extra durability and the finish on it is great for long sets.

2431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this microphone and its great.
882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great quality, and have lasted quite a while, look great too! Only issue is that they will not straighten out, and kink up easily. Hosa has another cable, almost the same price that I ended up switching too.

2451	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This mic is a definite improvement over one I was using, but I was hoping the singer could be at least a foot away from mic.  6 inches is best I can a get now, but I am still adjusting the level of other mics and instruments in the system.
I dread the thought of stopping in my local Guitar Center to buy anything.
6682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally had the opportunity to plug this guy in and give it a test run - I found the out of the box functionality was just fine for my purposes, although it is nice you can adjust the LED's if you choose to.
1193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well
9600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good value, and a very good tone. Recommended.
Drawbacks:
3054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just connected these magic boxes to my Yamaha amp (after flipping the toggle on rear of amp to 4 ohms position) and my boy how me ears did smile. In all honesty, these are the best sounding passive speakers I've ever heard. Do yourself a favor and give them a try. The secret is in the woofer material and porting I think.
9529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.

My only nitpicky complaint is how it is not eligible for Amazon Prime.  UPDATE:  I just saw that this capo is eligible for Amazon Prime.  Free shipping for Prime members!!!
Very handy little guitar, definitely not a toy.  Good guitar if you need something small or inexpensive, or both.
6650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good price for a necessary item to hang lights. Well made and no complaints about them at all. Will plan to buy more when needed.
4248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This guitar (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-Dot-Archtop-Electric-Guitar-Cherry/dp/B0002CZUIS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone Dot Archtop Electric Guitar, Cherry</a>) is amazing value for money.  Mine was shipped in a cheap cardboard box within box but somehow managed to survive the ordeal of shipping without incurring any damage (in spite of a big hole on the outer carton).  The Amazon product picture does not do the guitar any justice.  Amazon really should update it.  The guitar "in person" looks drop-dead gorgeous - with a glossy deep cherry finish that still allows you to see the wood grain through it.  The Amazon picture just looks flat in comparison.
7304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Yes, I'm using the title of a Cars song for this review, but my feelings are true. I was messing around in a used guitar store playing my Fender bass through my Hartke LH1000 and the store's used Hartke Hydrive 810 that I've been checking out; making a lot of noise, when one of the store attendants told me to turn it down so they could hear the phone calls that were coming in. So, I took a break, looking around, and asked about drum machines. They showed me the Alesis SR16, explained how it worked, gave me a 10% discount and I left the store for home.
  Overdrive is a fairly simple circuit on the inside (especially compared to analog 'chorus' or 'flanger' effects), yet there are tons of overdrive pedals that cost well over $250.
The suspension may 'feel' a bit insecure at first, and the pads may wiggle a bit if you shake your head really hard. a manual tension adjustment on the suspension might be a nice addition.

4785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made like all of the Dunlap accessories are. They did not let me down, neither did provider
8554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have always been a thin or medium 351 style pick person, but when a fellow musician had one of these on stage I was quite surprised at how well it worked. I have used it on guitar and also on bass and it really works well with a good solid grip to it.
Quality on Brand it`s real on sticks!
4809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It made me a little gay, but whatevs dad!
2067	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product on Amazon.com. It arrived fast and packed very well. I am very pleased with the tin whistle quality. I was able to play it the same day it arrived. I was happy that I purchased the tin whistle and the CD because many of the tunes I never heard them before. It was very helpful to have the CD. You can go to You Tube and hear the whistle as well. I highly recommend the Walton whistle. Go for it!
3904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I mostly use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pro-Mark-TXJZN-American-Hickory-Jazz-Nylon-Tip/dp/B000XZWYCO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pro-Mark TXJZN American Hickory Jazz Nylon Tip</a>&nbsp;model because I like the brighter sound on most songs. However, I always have a pair of these in my stick bag for songs - mostly in minor keys - that require a darker cymbal sound.
The case also has a very strong 'plastic' odor in the interior. Not a big issue I guess as guitars don't really pick up odors, but it doesn't dissipate quickly. Even when left to air (open) for 24 hours, the odor was still very strong.
2644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have owned one for over thirty years and, to this day it is built like a Sherman Tank ! Al I ever had to do is replace the grille over the years. The 58 is a standard and, always has been for years. From a performers view on vocals, I always have  felt comfortable singing through a 58 !
4559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good deal. Cheap way to save your guitar from drop damage.

8236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these (from my local music store) after reading all the reviews posted about them. I agree with them. These are great sounding heads, and I used them for resonant heads on my rack and floor toms. Coupled with clear EC2's for the batter. Tune both right, and you get a deep attack from the ec2 with little sustain, and a nice tone and sustain from the G1's. Single moon gel pad on batter to control any unwanted extra overtones. I strictly use Evans heads and products. Highly recommend these heads as resonants!



I have tried both pure nickel and nickel plated. Indeed the pure nickel (all things being equal) are
9178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great protective case for 4 standard handheld mics. It has an outside pocket for mic clips, 2 additional mics etc.
9563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks because of the grip and its great that they were an add on item
8534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like it.
7835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived very quickly.  I am a violin teacher and try to find the best string for a reasonable price and heard these strings played on a 4/4 violin in the symphony and was very impressed with the sound and price, so thought I would give these strings a try on a 1/2 size fiddle and found that they had a nice warm sound.  Tiny violins have a difficult time sounding sweet, but I was pleased with these and highly recommend them.

2982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good for your effects rack you can never have enough of these around!

Installation was simple, screw was replaced with the one included in the package. I had to drill one of my guitars to enlarge the hole, easy. The finish of the lock was O.K. the black suffered the most with some dings and scratches, depending on the shipping and how long the locks were packed the finishing flaws will vary. I noticed it the most on black.
5999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy capo, looks great and works perfectly, the spring is strong and pushes down on the frets of a guitar very firmly, if you need a capo get a kyser!
8694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings turned out to be a positive life changing experience for me, lol.  At least as far as my Seagull Coastline S6 Burst GT is concerned.  I had tried like a dozen different strings on this rig over the past 5 years, and even replaced the plastic tusq hardware with custom bone from Bob Colosi.  But never found a string that sounded, or played, just right.  It always sounded a bit tinny to me unless I went up on string size which of course reduces playability.  But these strings cured all ills on this guitar.  It sounds nice and rich, and plays really nice.  I had some concerns that I would lose too much volume with these strings, or they would sound too much like nylon.  Nether of those concerns came to be.  Also, don't let the "Folk" label fool you.  These are very versatile strings, and have a smoother surface than regular steel making them a bit quieter when your sliding your fret fingers around, and moving bar chords.
5037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best strap locks in my opinion, good quality, easy to install and remove, secure, and they look good.  All my guitars have these locks on them and I'm very satisfied.
So, for this price... and me needing them everywhere, I don't think anyone will go wrong trying them, living with them for a while.
4499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin always produces great products, never disappointed
3332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used the mics for four years in my HS auditorium. We used the SM58 and SM58 Beta. Shure has excellent microphones. These are real heavy duty. All our microphones where used and abused. I even accidentally doped one from about 6 feet high and it still worked. When I get the money I no doubt these will be the first microphones I will buy.
Will order a next pack just to make sure I've got more on hand.
9016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT
905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent quality and service
7055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	aok
9481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding!


5287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had these on a Les Paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars.  Does what it says it will do - keeps your strap locked on.  I have had zero issues with these.  The installation takes 2 minutes, and has stood up to countless hours of play.  Highly recommended!
6992	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Strings arrived with rust on the plain strings.
7668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	school use

2227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable does exactly as it is advertised to do.  No pops, clicks, or other unwanted noise is inserted into my signal chain.  There are more expensive cables out there, and they have their application, but for my occasional use, this one works just fine.
9525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good accesory.
If we ever lose electricity permanently, I've got a backup washer, lol.
235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good source
7567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These last a lot longer than the hot rods we usually use but are louder.
9080	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a Kyser
1165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good for the price
4688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it! holds the chords right. Easy to open. I use it all the time. WORTH EVERY PENNY :)
I find them extremely comfortable. I have literally forgotten I was wearing them more than once. The suspension system adjusts automagically and is excellent. At first I felt a little unsure about the security of the hold, I've been using these mostly as monitors while recording guitar and bass parts, but they've made it through some pretty enthusiastic headbanging without getting dislodged. It also prevents almost all the banging and noise you normally hear when handling your headphones.
4549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have not tried these strings because they are too light of a gauge for my setup. I already had a set of .009s and the tone was horrid. I had to buy larger gauge strings to get the nice tone I was used to. DON'T buy strings for your 12 string except what it was set up for. You will NOT like the tone which is "jangly"

5989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this from a guitar center for more than half off, and I wasn't expecting much because of the price and all the bad things I've hears about this pedal; but, let me say this... I absolutely love it!!! I've played a Marshall jcm-800, a mesa duel-rectifier, and a orange dual dark, but I've gotten rid of all of them, and eventually settled on a orange micro dark, which is awesome! I use the orange micro dark as clean as I can get it, and set the volume and shape knobs accordingly. My entire rhythm sound is this pedal, and it is amazing! I play a lot of heavy metal, (Metallica, MegadetH, Slayer, trivium, bullet for my valentine, etc) and also 80's heavy metal and classic rock, (poison, skid row, whitesnake, quiet riot, def leopard, etc) and this Pedal, with a little understand about sound and compression, makes everything sound massive! A lot of people complaining about the pedal simply are using it wrong, or just genuinely don't like it, but the majority use it wrong. If you dime the gain, you get an unsettling amount of compression. So I usually back it off until I hear the compression fade away. I set the tone know to the 11:00-11:30 position, depending on the pickups I use, and the level knob is Dependant on how loud my clean signal is. For rhythm, it's a beast, but for leads... Kind of lacking, run a boss sd-1 and you've got all your bases covered! Clean, crunch, rhythm, and lead, with use of your volume knob.
Well one day I finally pulled the trigger and ordered it. After just doing one single note song I found this as my favorite harmonica.

4796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	all i use. a must for les pauls
4375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This set needs something to keep the screws in the guitar.
4698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After allowing my strap to get twisted and then coming undone from Clapton Strat (I love this guitar), twice while on stage, I decided to purchase some strap locks.  After doing a lot of research and seeing the design flaw in the Schallers, I decided to purchase the Dunlops instead.
The only pack I find on-hand are these 9.5s.  I figured "what the heck, I'll use them ... I might need to tweak the truss rod or saddles a bit, but I've wanted to learn more about doing that anyway."  I have a couple of Dan Erlewine's books so I was ready to go.

6739	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Not even close to fitting my guitar. sorry : ( maybe my ukelele? not recommended. Said they would replace this, not recieved in over a month.
5392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have two and have given two away. I play in church - many are setup for choir or cantor so moving around is a challenge. This cable allows for silent and quick disconnects to be totally free to go wherever you need. The right angle plug allows me to put my acoustic in a stand with ease. I do not know why they make cables without a circuit breaker.
1254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
7500	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the fact that it can be "partially" installed with the cord coming out of the sound hole or it can be easily installed on a more permanent basis by cutting the cord to length and running it inside the guitar body through the end pin hole (which will have to be enlarged a bit).  Either way, once plugged in, it sounds great.  This pickup maintains the great acoustic sound of my guitar, a Blueridge BR-160.  I installed some Fishman "under the saddle" pickups in a few Martin guitars and this pickup sounds just as good, if not better.  If you don't mind the pickup visible in the sound hole, this is the way to go.  Another nice thing about it is the ease of changing out the batteries as compared to the undersaddle type pickups where the batteries are attached to the inside body of the guitar.

Great quality.

3707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What more could you want from a wah? The original still stands alongside the best.
Check out my music(arjun kaul) and my band (prithvi).
8915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used to use exclusively Fender Medium pics...Since using these for many years, I don't even know how I adapted to the other pics...In fact, I simply am only comfortable with the Stubby's! Oh yeah! Anyway, I noticed immediately my picking was more direct, played with more conviction and confidence, and allows me to pick at speeds I never thought I could accomplish. As with any Musical Instrument or Accessory, it comes down to personal preference though. However, I would recommend at least being open minded and trying these pics, then you will truly understand the meaning of what I have written above...For me, I can use no other, and will use no other...very sturdy, longer lasting, awesome indent for better grip, sharp edge for a better attack on the strings, etc. Try them, they are cheap enough...Confident that most (virtuous driven) who do will love em like I have grown to...
But when i tested at home it was fantastic!
7672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Of all the variations of capo out there, this one is the best I've used. The stretchy band around the post and heavy chrome lever types are too difficult to position but this spring loaded type can be re-positioned with just a squeeze to get away from that buzz or mute that you run into at times or that intonation glitch away from the sweet spot from guitar to guitar. It's not 100% clamp and play but it's better than other designs I've seen. Still waiting on the perfect capo.

6791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have bought three previously.

One little note--the metal strips where the screws are is actually separate from the rack itself, so you need to keep a few screws in even when no equipment is in there. This is not a problem once there is equipment in it, though.
3852	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice
9070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The original neck pickup in my 1983 Hamer Blitz turned completely to mud a few months back, so I decided to replace it.  After listening to samples on the Seymour Duncan website and reading the various descriptions, I chose the SH-2 Jazz.  I couldn't be happier with my choice.  As described, the Jazz has a "moderate output" and an "articulate and clear tone".  Chords have definition and clarity I was definitely lacking with my previous pickup, even before it went south on me.  In my opinion, the Jazz is a great pickup because it really lets the character of my guitar shine through.  I wish I had changed pickups years ago, as I feel like this guitar is finally living up to its potential.  It has always sounded so warm and resonant when played acoustic and with the Jazz in place, I'm finally getting that same vibe amplified.  Well done Seymour Duncan!
This is my poor man's audio chain. The only thing I can improve at this time is my playing. If I am ever lucky enough to gig/play with others - and if the Pathfinder won't mike well - then I may consider something bigger/better. For now - big isn't everything for me. The Pathfinder has won me over.
887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works pefecktly
4350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent work, both amazon and seller, exact arrival, great quality of the product and fit exactly as indicated by the measurement. no problems for installation. 5 stars.
7795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great I give'th a five star
722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable works very well for my midi devices.  It was a great price and connected to all my devices.  It was long enough for my needs.



2864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sound for the money
5581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case looks like it was custom-made for the Korg CX-3 that I am using it for.  It's just about a perfect fit!  The large front pocket holds all accessories including the fairly large expression pedal with room to spare, and the "pockets in a pocket" keep cables from getting tangled and stuff from banging together and getting damaged.
the problem was that the sg (solid guitar)special did not come

 Joe
7885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bag for the price.  It's working out well for me, since I'm often taking two guitars to the gig (a Godin nylon electric and a Les Paul style electric).  So nice not to have to carry two bags!
Meeeeeeeeeeen, what a difference in depth!
  Middle Bout Width: 11.00 "
4662	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dependable and non-obtrusive. I have these on all my guitars. The first set, i've been using on a Les Paul Standard for 6 years, and the only "problem" has been once having to put a drop of oil on them to stop squeaking. A plus is that the full assembly doesn't stand away far from the body, so in most instances i don't need to detach the strap before putting the guitar away in the case.
5336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strap locks are worth the money.  Easy to install and easy to unhook your strap, but the give the insurance to avoid dropping your guitar.  Had a close call with the strap came off on stage, luckily quick hands saved the guitar.
97	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these headphones, as well as the MDR-V600 headphones.  I believe the oil from your skin over time will cause the coating to slough off of the earphone padding skin.  However, since hygiene is of utmost importance, especially if more than one person is using the headphones, I have purchased some sanitary headphone covers.  This not only keeps the headphones clean, it also makes the headphone ear pads last forever.  Just an idea, but try using sanitary headphone covers on ALL your headphones.  I believe you can buy a bag of 100 on-line for about $18.00.  It's definitely worth protecting these wonderful headphones.  I use them in my home studio, and the frequency response is excellent, and I can hear every note, not to mention the exceptional large drivers (50-mm) that the headphones contain.
First off, this is a shallow rack (14.5" from the front rail to the rear panel), but not as shallow as the shallow SKB units (11").  This is great, as I have a Furman PL-Plus C, which would not have been an option for their shallow-mount cases.  Point: Gator.
4184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
- The Same Capo Colbie Caillat Used in Bubbly
3664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent strings with a great sound.  Martin quality is alive and well.  Like I said, What more needs to be said?
101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't knock the recorder; it's a serious instrument if you take it seriously and don't blow as hard you can. Just takes a little effort to learn, like most worthwhile activities.

5750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very well made and sturdy music folder. It feels like it should last for years protecting my big band charts. I particularly like the the elastic straps and the pencil pocket.
6104	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:
1792	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	sounds decent for home jams with garage type band good enough. no complaints. better than what you pay for but no 900 dollar mics.
4423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is easy to use and it does what it is suppose to do. What more can you ask from a product?
7395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work great and got here in record time. I have used Martin strings for years and they never let me down. Thanks Martin
6113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i have used this for about two years. perfect for the home or garage. I play a epi sg or fender tele/strat, put it on
4608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Electric Guitar for the price! Great for starters!
9702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks to go with your new pickhder shown above.
1758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tight pattern, but no feedback


2797	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far I'm lovin this bass.

1908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. No complaints. Been in use for a year now with no problems.
trigger a boss sound module
5871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use DP-2's for my Alesis drum machine and  for use with a Boss looper . They work for me .
388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The cables are what I need, we'll constructed and fit snug. I like my purchase and recommendations for all.
1235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice cable
5642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i like most epiphone products. quality at a reasonable price.
9847	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	A friend brought over this guitar for me to help him tune the guitar ( since I play guitar for over 20 years and own several guitars ), First thing I check is the neck to see if it is straight, and notice it is slight bend outward, After tuning the guitar 2 to 3 times ( because it slip out of tune quickly), I strum a few chords and it sounded terrible, all the chords I played (C,F,G,Am, D, D7, Dm E Em etc.) all have BUZZ sound, the strings do not have enough clearance to the FRETS, I think this could be the NUT and SADDLE are too high, You can never play a clear note with this condition, also extremely
3173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great stands, and set up and break down brilliantly. I received a GS-200 as holiday gift last year, and I liked it so much, that when I was looking for a stand for my Fender Stratocaster, I went back to this brand, and ended up buying this GS-100. Note: This is the one you will want if you have a Stratocaster, because of the location of the output jack on the guitar. There are no "resting posts" under the body of the guitar that will stick out right where the cord will plug into the guitar, as there are on the GS-200, I use my GS-200 for a semi-hollow guitar, and bass guitars and/or guest/visitor guitars.
509	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Midi cable. Works as advertised.
3789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pedal, gets the job done, good wah response
394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	When you consider the cost of plugs and cable, buying these short lengths is actually cheaper than making my own.  Good value!
3620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings
The price was reasonable.
2247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to replace a broken microphone on our karaoke machine. It has worked great and 3 years later, still kicking...even with the regular use of two little girls and all of their playdate friends. I would definitely recommend this to anyone using it for recreational use. I'm not an expert in sound equipment, so I couldn't say if this would be useful for professional purposes...but for playing with the karaoke machine it has been great!
9128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very excellent product that I did not expect this quality
The sound quality is sufficiently clear when recording, but is not sensitive enough to satisfy the most demanding users such as musicians or professional reporters.  You need a relatively strong source.
1875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	End the messy clutter and tangles of long cables. Some stages have barely enough room for the musicians and no one wans to be tripping over someone else's cables.
and when you tighten them, the goo changes form slightly
***
4929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cover fits really great

8933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There isn't much to say about this product, except it works as advertised.  If you don't have one of these and you are a live performer, I highly recommend you pony up the few dollars and pick one up (pun intended).

988	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works
7718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
Tip: use a 1meg volume pot w/ it & you'll get greater treble & dynamic response.
9568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not only do they look cool, they sound great!
8875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast delivery
2743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!

Nice fir $243
2045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is like magic.. magic I say... makes weak audio equipment come back to life.
3228	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great rack case.  It's a little longer then I need as a mobile DJ but it holds everything I need and the wires can even stay in the back since it is sealed.
The are also super durable. I have never broken one.
The amp is not loud or low enough for a Bass, but again if you are just learning it will have no problem getting the job done.  Do not assume it will be heard over any other instrument though.  The guitar is passive, meaning you will have to crank the amp to get some volume out of it. It does a great job in the living room just making noises as I pluck, smack, and push around the strings.  As I have no idea what Im doing, thats why I bought the kit. My wife who has been playing 75% of her life picked it up, tuned it ( not with the tuner it came with) and just started jamming away.  She was impressed with it as it was just a $135 package she was smiling the whole time goofing off with it.  So it will do its job for what I want.
2306	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great mic for the money. I do find it to be a little bass heavy but with a little EQ adjustments you should be fine.
9025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got them in two days. Good sound, good price.  If you are looking for some decent strings, here they are.
7222	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	So, what do ya do when the chrome plating cracks and starts peeling off???
4632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Why I purchased: Been playing other instruments/ some classical guitar and decided to get an electric to have some fun.
But forget hooking this directly to a PC.  Way too much noise.
1093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I just got a new guitar and needed some cheap accessories. This cable looked like a steal at under $10. Especially since it had such great reviews.
3434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for one of my kids. Good construction and quality. I would recommend.

Sound. So far these seem decent enough, and overall quality is pretty good. Certainly no worse than the $500 ones, comparatively speaking. Far better quality than the $30 cheapies, certainly. I'd say they are about par with everything else I tried over $50-$60. Maybe the Wilkens/Bowers were a bit more comfy. But not for $500. Yet, the clarity of sound from these K240's seem about the same. Of course, that is from memory, not side-by-side.
Summary: they work great for reducing your playing volume with out much effort.  A good addition to any stick bag.
5) Tough. I jam with a guitar player who has used and abused his Boss DS-1 distortion pedal for over 15 years and it's still hanging in there. Meanwhile, I broke a $340 boutique chorus pedal plunger switch with a clumsy stomp one day. That simply would not happen with a Boss and that's why I replaced said boutique candy ass with this one (even though it was easy to fix the switch on the other one with some solder).
The strap is extremely simple.  It feels somewhat cheaply made and thin, but it will suffice, temporarily.  Just like the case, eventually you'll probably want another, better one.
5324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Muy buen producto. Gracias por ser puntuales en la entrega. Es bastante funcional y de fcil instalacin. Es adaptable a cualquier strap y muy seguro.

5589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey!!! it's a capo.....works does what it suppose to....enough said
1389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great well built great price fast shipping
8455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's very sturdy; well worth the buy.

9833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes the best...green is my favorite color!
965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Reasonably priced and they work fine. The world of Midi is not simple, but you can do amazing things with it. I just ordered three more of these.
7654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As with all Vandoren reeds - a box will contain about 60-70% good reeds.  This is the factor that has led me to investigate other options.  If I pay for a box of 5, I want 5 good reeds. (For alto, it may only be 6 out of 10 that are ready to play (without alterations), and only 3 of those may be really excellent).  But, when I find a good Vandoren, I like it.
Even though it's pink it doesn't look girly.
4242	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Pretty thin and jangly. I threw it out
I tried a bunch of pedals but none came close to this beast right here. Sure, some were really good at distorsion but this one can run the whole gamut between dirty, hard rock, heavy metal or just plain overdrive. I own a 100 W Marshall combo and this pedal absolutely complements all the overdriven tones that come with the unit; I'm a Heavy Metal guitarist so I needed that extra kick in my sound.
2146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wicky wicky wicky

Frankly, I think the whole tying thing is bull, just tradition.  I wish all strings had ball ends.

7949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as advertised.

3372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Smart housing system for my lefty Ovation Celebrity practice model.

1271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality adapter made by a tip top maker.
5832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Terrific case for my Les Paul.

410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for my needs!
Note that this doesn't fit larger 76-key keyboards like the Yamaha EX5 without extreme stretching. Although another reviewer said that it works well with the 76-key Motif, I'm a little skeptical.
606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At this writing, I've used this for a few months of regular gigs and practice. The built-in cable tie keeps it from being tangled, the decorative jacket has held up well and still looks good after 15 or so shows! Should last if I take care of it. I do prefer replaceable ends like these over molded ends so that is a bonus for me.
947	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Spend the money on a better cable these are cheap, sound fuzzy, and break easily.
9717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed these heads on a Ludwig Keystone drum set - with a 13x9", 16x16" & 16x18" floor toms, as well as on my snare. In addition, I installed these heads on a Ludwig Breakbeats set with the SAME results!  Awesome!
423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems and everything as advertised.
5785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo! Great price, does what it needs to. Came in a timely manner! Thank you :)
*if your speaker tends to be bright, I will warn you when getting this cartridge as it may sound bright, but not everyone dislike the brightness this cartridge has produced, so just make sure you do your research and listen to as many samples as you need. You will be very happy with this cartridge, I know I do.

1857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always liked Hosa cables. Good sound quality and these jumpers are thin and flexible.
9001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just reskinned my Yamaha drums with these Evans G2's. What a big difference. The tone is focused, powerful, with no nasty overtones. This one has the best kicking sound. I do use a damper ring on the 16 inch one to keep it a bit more grounded sounding. They just sound great and I can't stop playing them. (I'm typing this one handed as I pound out a beat." ;-)
Enough said...
2069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
9905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great picks. the perfect flex for me
4113	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This pedal doesn't boost the sound, My guitar sounds louder when I'm playing on the clean channel, rather than with this pedal with full volume and distortion. Also I notice not that much difference between a good Overdrive from a Marshall Amp compared to this distortion in a general sense, but greater sound of the Marshall Overdrive.
1352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
8467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are the most comfortable picks I have ever used. I own them in different thicknesses for different guitars/playing styles but will not play with any other pick.


710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a few HOSA cables.  They do the job.  I have had one or two break after a few years and there is no way to repair them, but at the price it works.
4042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lite, straight and durable. What more do I need to say? They've always worked well for me.
1862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	these cable came super fast in the mail, They deliver the level of performance you would expect form low cost cables. they work
1502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clean, noise free and well made. I'll be buying more of these as my older chords die. Great value for a 20' cable.
4299	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it !!! This good for me because I have studio use your mic studio is so great sound for rec music anything  !!!!!
1203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good length, nice quality.
EDIT: I've had this cable for a year now, and use it occasionally for a dual-mono signal from Rode NTG2 into my Canon XA20 when it is the only source and I don't want to edit the audio later. Still 4-stars, but found another use.

7045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
3965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings really have a great sound, and they lasted me a long time.  I think they compare favorably to Ernie Balls at a much better price!
3042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I expected these two perform better, they need quite a bit of power two give loud bass but sound ok for the price. this thing is light and has multiple connectors in the back. I decided to purchase new woofers for these boxes and they produce far more sound than before, however I also constructed a set of custom subs for these speakers and the perform well as a sub. Not a loud as an EAW's subwoofer but base equal to them.
You always have to have spare strings. Martin has a great reputation.
Despite not being true bypass, I do not hear any noticable tone loss. I guess Dunlop has improved the bypass circuitry over the years.
1304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far, so good. My cables have tended to wear out after a year or two at the solder connection to the 1/4" plug. First time buying this brandwill see how Hosa holds up, but I'm almost 3 months into this one with no problems.
6383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I gave this pick 5 stars because the feel and sound you get from them are outstanding. This material really makes the strings sound brighter and clearer.

4416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These Martin strings (M170) aren't bad. They just are not the sound I was looking for. I ended up like the Ernie Ball Earthwood extra light instead. The Martin's are little shallow on the low end unlike the Ernie Ball. Other people will love them though. They are easy to play.

2110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
Its a Boss product, which means you are going to pay for what you get.  You get the best bang for your buck with Boss products.  Solid, rugged construction that is built to last (no chance of breaking one of these things) and an outstanding analog stomp box with a genuine sound.  Good customer support as well and if you ever feel you need to sale your Boss pedal, resale prices are always good.

8527	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it
286	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got everything I expected out of my order for a good price and the product shipped fast. This pedal works excellent with my old Yamaha electric keyboard!
933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Working great so far.
519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cord after returning a cheap one that I should've known better than to buy. My son, who has some experience as a musician recommended the Hosa brand when I was seeking a proper replacement.
9339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these picks for years. They're the best for me. Can't beat this price.
5908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	love it
1711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Had to get a replacement.  No matter how many cables a musician has, always find we need just one more.  Now that Radio Shack is charging a fortune for cables, Amazon is a very handy  way to purchase them.
As a general rule, I don't really use sound effects these days (mostly because I like the sound of my amp - crazy, huh?) but every now and then I like a little reverb and when practicing it's nice to have some distortion to get a little more sustain at lower volumes. I wasn't expecting much for the price but in this particular case I thought the pedal went very well with the rig I plugged it into (in this case, a Fender Champ 600 and a Squire Jazzmaster).
1953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used this to record Pavarottis last concert. The sound was incredible with this mike and it was able to pick up the slightests of sounds, very nice and sensitive. Used this directly plugged into recording unit (flash drive) and could not be happier. If you have a problem its with your other equipment. Always use a flash drive recorder or it may pick up motor sounds unless you use the cord that comes with it.
- There are plastic bumpers on the bottom to protect the fabric when you put the case down.
3854	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these strings, it's my first time trying the thick and thin style and it's perfect for my needs (Godsmack mostly). It's nice having the ability to crunch out some strong power chords while at the same time having some great bends in the solos. Like all my other Boomers, this sound great and hold up well, might be my new go to string.
This is only because it does all of the things this one does, except for $1.74. It's long enough for the twelve strings, feels good to the hand, provides the grip that you need, and it is cheaper. Just a thought before you squeeze the capo clamp :)
5011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It gives you a nice angle for mic placement.  Excellent for recordings
3229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've got two of these and they're fantastic. I bought a new guitar recently and I was very worried when I noticed that the nitro-cellulose finish was very delicate and that it often reacted with materials found on guitar stands. After a lot of reading and research I settled on the Genesis stand because the manufacturer was explicit about the padding materials used.
960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable but haven't walked on it enough to say more. But out of the box it is what I would expect for the price and the strain relief look pretty solid. I know there are monster cables and sparkly prettier ones but I felt the girls at the club wouldn't be apt to notice the guy with the coolest guitar cable. Also I have seen the expensive ones fail as fast as the cheap ones so I always look for economy in disposable stuff like cabling. In short worth the money.
1593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its affordable and it works.  Its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input.
1215	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.
6422	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best humbucker pickup for everything, covers all of the bases in my opinion. High output and clear and defined. I put these in all my humbucker guitars. They all sound great in their own way...there are differences but they are all balanced. I want to try and experiment with the other Seymour Duncan models but I am just too happy with these to risk spending the money. I just like these a lot. These pickups sing...get them!
3690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just got one and have been playing for 25 years.  I do not like Boss pedals for the most part, particularly their distortion/overdrives/ But the OD-1 is one of the pioneer pedals and have read great things and got one. IT deserves its reputation. Its has a nice, quality tone and its not to ice picky like other Boss pedals. Also, it truely has no gain at zero and is one of the few true boost only overdrives out there. Even my ts808 has abit of gain at 0. I set it on 11 oclock as a boost with some gain if i need it. I put it front of my main overdrive that is cranked. Cranked, this boss isn't overwhelming, think "tush" from zztop or "fly by night" by rush. A clean, quality 70's style overdrive. I could definately use it as a main overdrive but i like my fat rat/ts808  too much. A great compliment to your other distortion pedal on your board. As usual i do appreciate Boss's battery access and reasonable weight/size.
1129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thannks

3129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these stands. I been using them for years on many gigs.
It comes with strings installed and almost tuned.  The volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use.  The tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming.  My only gripe is that the high E string gets caught on the top pickup when I'm playing hard, but maybe I'm just a novice.  I will say that it's very easy to play.

300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Unlike other expression pedals available, Yamaha chose the "Keep It Simple Stupid" path.
The pickups are a bit darker than a traditional SG and while they sound great heavily overdriven, the clean sound is a bit lacking in character. After a week or so of playing, I replaced the pickups with a set I bought from Amazon:
forum for the answer or join and ask your questions. You've got a pricey piece of wood there and you will
Pickups:  They are quite hot.  I adjusted the neck pickup down and the bridge pickup up to Gibson factory specs.  The neck was a muddy mess until I adjusted it.  Now they are both at the correct loudness and the mud cleared right up.  They don't sound bad at all.
Good Durabilty
I got this strap capo because, the string's are coming up a little higher then they should on my strat
* More expensive and I had to wait a few days longer than it took my rack equipment to ship.
6960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and did not realize it was for classical guitar . It works fine on my acoustic guitar.
287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this while gigging with my MOX6.  Sturdy, built well, and works just like you'd expect.  Gives me the full volume range with good micro-adjustment.
1382	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I'm a pro-cheapo and I hated this thing. They're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. Drop few more bucks and get something else!
1946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cartridge was easy to install in the tonearm of my Empire 598 II turntable from 1973.  I used to run Shure V15-III and IV cartridges, back in the day, but this Audio Technica sounds every bit as good to me listening to the old vinyl.  I plan to buy another as a spare soon.  This has a universal mount, so you can use it on modern tonearms, too.  I think you'd have to spend $60-100 more to really notice any difference in sound quality versus a "better" cartridge, which would be a minimal difference.
4913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Dunlop Straploks since they were first invented twenty some odd years ago, or is it thirty some odd years ago. I still use the first. second and third sets on the same guitars and never had a failure of any kind.

7985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price most other music shops or online stores charge $1-$2 extra. A good buy
1637	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this adapter with a Shure headset for my DJ rig and this connector seems to cause poor volume/output levels. When I used a regular cable I bought from Monoprice, the quality was WAY better.  I'd recommend against this unless you have no other alternative.
|||||||||||||||
7942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product.  Works well.
7652	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used to use dominants strings. I gave it a try considering the quality of guitar strings they make and what a surprise. It sounds more softer and easier to play. You should give it a try. This strings are way cheaper but I think the quality is not cheaper, could be better.
3835	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I like the V12 reeds better.
874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The quality is good and the jacket differentiates it from all the other cables you probably have. I recommend it.

4999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Take care of your expensive gear with this. keeps dust and smudges off.
645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
3803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been there, done that with most other Boss chorus pedals of old. Went through my Small Clone phase too.
7348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	While it won't replace a real drummer, I find it to be a great practice and song writing tool.
3157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the automatic clamp on the Hercules stands, but these fold up a little bit smaller. The GS100 fits in my gear bag, the Herc does not.
- Bass response is not true and misleading for making mixes in headphones (typical of most headphones tho)
5445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	All as promised
Once the novelty of the unique sound wore off, I didn't want to take a chance.
6257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Picks a very much a matter of individual taste, so you really have to try them for yourself, but here are the good things. There are durable, don't seem to chip, and are smooth on the strings. I sometimes play quite fast, and the glide is important to me. Very much worth a try.
9794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Plain and simple....nice enough....long enough too.
8063	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly the pick size I needed
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
They really Do what they say....If U have hand problems,  try these.....they really work.

3120	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been working professionally for close to 35 years, I've had endorsements , which I usually accept, but this guitar stand, for me, is the finest quality stand I've used. Its flexible, the guitar sits comfortably, and it's rock solid. What more can you ask for? not much!! Love it!!
2620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Recieved these just now and hooked them up to my computers amplified speakers (Altec Lansing} And I was thoroughlly impressed.. These phones have so much bass in them, I can feel them shaking on my head when hitting low notes.. I'm unsure of how much they "color the music", but for $13.00+change they are outstanding!!! They can be played rather loudly before distorting, which is what you need when you buy a set of phones for a DJ application.....One of the best buys I have ever seen...You can buy a set at Wally-world, and pay twice to three times more and they'll not be this good..

switch box to go back and forth from one midi controller to another.
8095	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These "very light" picks turned out to be too flexible, even for my Martin acoustic. The quality is acceptable, they're just too thin for my taste.
A built-in electronic bass roll-off circuit lets you set the EQ on your mixer once and forget it. The clarity and quality of your voice remain basically the same. No Bruce Banner when it's far away, no Incredible Hulk when it's close, it's always balanced, warm and clean.
4162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected.
298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have two of these.  They are built like a tank, operate very smoothly.  I like the Fortissimo feature (spring return).  It is a very good value for the price.  The only negative I would give it is big.  I like the size of the Hammond pedal better, but that is just my preference.
7503	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Vandorens are my preferred brand. I purchased these for a student and he really likes the way they make him sound!
There's no buzzing with these and they last forever.
1755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Played several gigs with it. Seems to be pretty reliable comparing to other units on amazon.
1. If you use the first hole on the capo which you will be inclined to do. You may scratch your neck because the metal on the capo is coming in contact with your guitar neck. So no matter how tight the elastic is or how thick your guitar neck is you must I repeat must use the second hole for the metal on the first one will be covered by elastic.
NO, as-is, this is NOT a great guitar, but it is plenty good enough for beginners to learn with. With a few tweaks here and there, these can be made to play as easily as pro-guitars so they don't hurt young fingers. And if you consider all the other factors in a child's development, these may be a better choice than funding an expensive guitar.

3629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Makes my Teton 12-string sing!
1493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to practice playing my Les Paul with my Fender amp. This cable snaps in both ends perfectly and the sound is pretty good. Great quality for the price.
8214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these as reso heads. They sound great and give my drums a great sound
6920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good feel, well made, but not as bright as Di'Adarrio's.  Still, good tone and very playable.
6963	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	On my Ibanez acoustic, it only properly frets 5 of the 6 strings. Depending how I set it, either the low E or the high e would buzz obnoxiously.  I returned it for a Dunlop, which works beautifully.
454	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Needed a shorter cable. Couldn't find one locally but found one here on Amazon. Works great.
5879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it work very well. no problem what so ever. and also the price is good.
331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the job
Second, it is an entry level microphone. Don't expect the PG48 XLR to perform like Shure's more famous SM57 or SM58. While they may be the same brand, they certainly are not the same microphones. Shure is clear in their product description that the best uses for the PG48 XLR are for public address and karaoke performances. In my experience I've found this description to be accurate.
strings and how they can affect tone. Or not. Lots of opinionated musicians on guitar forums. This


I've also seen some reviews comparing this to the Gibson Les Paul cases (made by Gibson) - not a fair comparison as I'm not sure its quite that deluxe but its nice and sturdy and more than enough for your everyday use. Keep in mind the Gibson cases sell for no less than $125 and often retail for much more than that and are a bit heavier duty. This is almost half the price and still super nice.
7307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have Spectraflex for years. Top notch. Best price for a quality product
8425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For me these are the best acoustic strings.  They sound great and are easy on your fingers....

717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cable is perfect for connecting my korg triton le to my profire 2626. Nice and lengthy to reach across my space.
5732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great acoustic guitar capo.  Kyser set the standard many years ago.
4868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the product was wath I was specting, tanks

4781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best accessory ever purchased!
1. Remove packaging.
8784	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I purchased 3 of these for my music studio. We have students that play various guitar styles, brands and sizes. These work pretty good for educational purposes but each one varies on the tightness. On my Breedlove Concert guitar, it is a very tight fit. On my Martin 12-String guitar, it fits perfectly. Over time the capo has been able to loosen up a little bit but if you don't want to work it out, you might want to look at a different model.
5199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Moves easily. A little thick as you go up the frets.
8513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I liked these picks pretty well. The ergonomics fit me kinda odd, but very solid little pick!
7181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very bright sounding strings.  I love them!  I would recommend to others.  Some may find these too light and may want to just get a regular light set but they are a bit easier to play and learn to bend, etc. at this gauge.
5897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	An affordable guitar case that fits my guitar perfectly. That's all there really is to say, if you need a sturdy guitar case  for a Les Paul styled guitar and don't want to spend a butt-load of money, look no further.
MY APPLICATION

7085	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	a bit too short, even for 6 string lap steel.  the end of the bar tends to get hung up on the high strings when i play on the lower strings and then return to the high strings.  get the long dawg instead. :)
problem. Just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.
2389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shure SM58 is a time tested professional grade microphone.  It sounds great, is built like a tank, and is reasonably priced.  I would definitely buy again.  Oh, and don't try to hard to find it at a discounted price unless you buy used.  Everyone sells it for the same price.
3317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've compared this mic against the standard Sure SM 58 and the Sure SM 57 for vocal performance.  This is the mic you want if you hope to get your voice out there.
5082	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I know I am adding to the hundreds of positive reviews already but these are worth writing about. I used to use Schaller brand locks before switching to Dunlop. I find the Dunlop to be less dangerous around the finish of my guitar. The strap side of the Schaller locks have some pretty sharp edges that can leave nasty dings in the guitar finish if you are not careful. The Dunlop brand is much smoother in this respect. Many feel the Dunlop locks are too long and will stick out from the guitar more than Schaller but I don't have a problem with that. I feel confident that my guitar is not going to come loose and crash to the floor (with either lock system- but prefer Dunlop).
6541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent carry case
5921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Functions the same as the original DS-1 Boss released; Just an anniversary edition; Beautifully Simple design; Signature Boss sound.
5713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly. No complaints!


1460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This item is well built and I like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. These aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well.
Besides, who wants a digital scale around their analogue stuff ;-)
3436	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings
1760	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great product. thank you
1290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this cored did the job and i would buy from this company again.
5884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I could not believe the quality of this case, fits my Epiphone Les Paul 100 like a glove.  Very plush interior, plenty of storage and very durable.
8295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm sure glad these are still available. The only bass picks I've used for decades. The grip is sure and solid and I don't think that it's possible to wear them out.  I believe it's the best bass guitar pick made.
Addendum October 2015:  All strap locks installed continue to work without any issues.
6319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great foot switch best price on roland gearI'v found some of the online places take your money then ship or drop ship when they get around to it Amazon's prime has gotten most of my orders shipped withen the promised time frame but I do think its UPS that takes the lazy day in delivery.,works with all my stuff, great quality, the price was better than all the music stores and online folks.
3465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These were my first set of Bass guitar strings I've ever purchased. I have been buying GHS strings for my Strats and love them. This set slightly improved the tone on my Bass (Still had factory strings on it) but gave a much better feel. Very satisfied
---- Hard case...$100  Alternative to the gig bag after you get better and decide to start playing in front of folks.
368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Utility
9320	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The gauge is fine, but should you sweat the lightest bit, you loose all control over the pick.  I've used most everything and these are probably the worst I've used in terms of grip.
1130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable. I have a fender cable that's supposedly "noiseless" that hums, and this one doesn't make any noise.
1640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	you control the time you want to be on the air no a person in a booth or on stage that the way it should be
New rule for me, no writing reviews until I own the product for at least one week!!!!!
7261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have excellent tone and last quite a while. I have a Martin guitar and a Larraviee guitar and I use these on both. Very happy with them.
8659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great guitar picks. They are super thick and will probably never need replaced but that was what I expected.
I dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on. Only to discover its a fake. It dishonest and uses the reputation that took the Keyser Co. time to build. Just aint right. I'll buy mine at the guitar store now.

2523	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic is awesome. I use two of these on a regular basis to record everything. Piano, drums, guitar, vocals, bass, trumpet, vibes, marimba, etc. Here's a link to some recordings done with only SM57s:
9437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Now I need to buy the 72 pack
5172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shipped promptly. I have used Dunlop Original StrapLok's on all my guitars for years. Never a problem and with and addition to the "family" needed another set. One good thing about these is they never change the lock format so any Dunlop Original StrapLok no matter how old will fit. Easy to install, simple strap retainer installation. I see others gripe about the "E" clips for the straps. Hint; use a pair of pliers. DUH! And others say "The screw heads mar because they're so small." Hint; Use a good quality screwdriver. DUH! That will happen with any product or part that uses screws, bolts, nuts, clips...  (Rookies, huh! Ya gotta love 'em) Ask any guitar player and they will tell you Dunlop is the only choice.

5163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son love it.
7721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cheap enough and when you can't sense quality of strings good enough.
1329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works like a charm

Just one thing though, I'm given to understand the tie-dye finish is sort of random so I don't think you get to choose the color combination, just keep that in mind if an excessively pink capo is not  your thing.
8858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are nice and play well. I determined that they are too thin for my tastes (and they make an annoying and audible *clack* noise on every note you play because they are so thin). But that isn't the product's fault, it's just personal preference.
4739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I prefer Dunlop strap locks to all the other types. They're a little difficult to install, but they're perfect once you get them on. I've used them for years and never had a problem.
5057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The quality of the manufacturing is top notch. The installation is very easy. You might need a drill and a couple of 7/32" (I think) holes in your instrument, but most guitars I've messed with already have holes that are about that size.
1912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Was a little skeptical for the price, but Im on a budget  Recieved the order on time, and the outer jackets are a high grade silicone not hard vinyl or plastic as I expected them to be, nice and flexible.  They really clean the back of my equipment rack up. I will be ordering several types of these cable in the future. Great value!!.
324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works and haven't had any problems with it.
4155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sounds good on my acoustic bass like them
5462	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does exactly what it's supposed to do! It is durable and will not break or wear! And it even has a polarity switch!
9566	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a blues guitarist. I've used these Jim Dunlop Nylon picks for 28 years. I use this thickness for electric and sometimes acoustic. I also buy the next thickness up for acoustic as well. Great price and worth wait.
1835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described
9217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Favorite picks!  Shipped fast, and great price.

7890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good guitar strings
There are other styles of capos on the market, this one does fine for me. Yes, I would recommend it to a friend.
2022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So much value for a very reasonable price!  I use it for both personal and professional projects.  I own a video production business and I use it a lot.  You could spend three times as much for an "upgrade" but, for my purposes, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference in sound or performance quality.  This little unit is fantastic!  Would highly recommend it to anyone!
1164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this cable to split two xlr mics into my mixer for a podcast. Works well and is of good quality.
One tip to those thinking of buying these I would get a bag or some other container because a pile of 72 picks is not really easy to manage neatly.  Another thing you could do is get about 6 feet of gaff tape and tape them all to something so you could grab one if you drop the one you're using, or toss one like an idiot to the audience if you are playing in front of one (or think you are).
Recently, a friend decide to take up guitar. He already had an acoustic and was looking for an electric. After demoing to him mine, he had me order one for him.
1831	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Thank You
8386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nylon picks last and have a nice soft sound. Been my favorite for years.
8783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it should do. Used it on several mic stands with no issues.

435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a fine cable at a decent price point, nothing exceptional mind, but it gets the job done well enough.
3644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Anything Martin is great. Great sound.
7411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.  I need to put a few miles on it to know whether it holds up, but it looks very well made.
3387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hello Boys and Girls, are you looking for a very cheap way to get the reinforcement you need at the club or wedding venue? do you want the high quality of Nady(they make wireless guitar transmitters like Joe Perry uses) w/o the ass-biting cost? Me too. So i bought this little mama from Amazon, 'cuz it was the lowest price,for the best name brand. See, i plays in a 6-piece wedding band, i plays drums and sometimes we play small clubs and dirty dives. I needs bass drum BOOM and i get it with the Nady DM70. just plug an XLR cable(not included)into the mic and run it to your board,let the sound guy(or in this case the keys player)EQ and level it,and man,you got bottom. Great little mic, great little price.comes w/plastic box and includes folding mic clip. Me Likey.
3515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to replace a pair of 20 year old Sony speaker cabs.  I had to mod the openings but I am very happy with the sound.  I drive them with an old school 100 watt per channel amp and have no complaints.  These are used for studio monitors and a direct out for videos.
Okay, so I bought this because I do app review videos for a blog and my Blue Snowball mic was picking up the awful "pop" sounds that this is supposed to filter "hard P, hard T, hard B, S, and a few others." So I got this. Here are my pros and cons:
4621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great product
344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Can't say it's amazing quality but what it is is very functional at a very low cost. More than what you're paying for but you won't mistake it for a $20 alternative. It functions just as well as expensive alternatives from what I can tell.
3149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is easily the best guitar stand I have (have 5). So solid, well padded and grips the guitar very nicely. If you have Gibson guitars or acoustics it really is perfect. There are two very minor concerns but not enough to take away a star. The width between the two "holders" is a tiny bit wide for Fender Stratocasters - the guitar sits nicely but you can't just plop it down on it like you can with a Gibson shape. You have to "place" your Strat in there and then it's fine. With acoustics it's great but I wish the bottom two extensions were an inch longer. The stand is also very solid for acoustics just wish the extension was tiny bit longer. All that being said, this is a great stand and better than most. For Gibsons it's 6 stars; for Fender guitars maybe 4.5 stars.
9474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice capo, be sure to get either a curved or straight leg. Depends on your guitar.
2275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality voice pickup. Works as advertised.
-Dunlop Gator Grip picks ,58mm thickness or one of the variety packs
8086	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These picks are fun for super fast picking for amps turned down low when you can't crank an amp to get all those dynamics that are easier to get cranked.
Easy to adjust with reversible mallets.
9947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Makes you feel like you lubed up your hands but it works !
2324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic mic. The quality is superb. It you have a stronger voice this mic is perfect for you but if your going to be singing at quiet levels there are mics better suited for that. 10/10 will buy from shure from now on.
Bottom line: Great cartridge. Very reasonable price.
1018	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not a lot you can say. It was the right length and worked fine. 2 straight 1/4" guitar plugs and a 10' shielded cord between.
don't drop your guitar because of a twisted strap or other strap mishap!!

4645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works as promised
4376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only item and brand I'll trust my guitars to
2748	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Looks like metal but feels like plastic alot of static first cables i ever bought for my home studio last cheap product i will buy
4345	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works good and it's good quality, better than I expected. I bought this for the recording studio. You have to work with it to get it to stay because the gooseneck can't support it way up above it's clamp too well. The actual pop filter is really heavy it's not cheaply made. In the studio I just use another mic stand just for this pop filter and come in from above with it and let it hang down in front of the mic and the singer.
2429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Microphone is very good. I have another brand of microphone that is new but wanted something better. One of the local musicians recommended this mic. It is much better than the previous mic. It is slightly heavy and the cord is nice and long. I am very pleased.
9212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best Capos I've tried. This Capo is easy to put on and re-position.
7183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It adapts quite well. I use it with my amp. It has not burned down my house and it provides power so it is doing its job.
4885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've got a dozen guitars and every one has a set of these on it. These are a must have if you're moving around on stage and you care about your guitar. The piece of mind alone is worth the cost. I also find them very  convenient. It's very quick and easy to remove the strap and the strap doesn't get progressively closer to failure every time you use it (like it does without a strap-lok). Just buy 'em. You won't be sorry.

These strings are a little delicate, so try to be careful so that you don't make them too tight when stringing them on your guitar. I broke a string when I was stringing mine, but I was so satisfied with the playability that I ordered two more sets.
9377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pics for both guitar and bass.
They met my expectation.
2485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great !
1694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I used this for school to connect various devices to our school sound system.

Most string instruments, when newly bought, need to go thru a setup to be playable. Sometimes you are lucky that the action is low enough and this can be skipped.
5401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always reliable, always cheap, always Slinky

We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
Improves sound
5719	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I use this with my Rogue Herringbone 12-string.  I does a good job, but I still have issues getting all the strings firmly pressed which is probably due to the action only being factory set.
2883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really Professional sound and the price is too good,
I should have ordered a larger one (if there is one).
With some amplification and EQ it will do ok.
914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar cable for anyone who needs as righty angle plug. We use it for the fiddle and it works like a charm. Good looking chord too.
4204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	item received on time and as described
7707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are the real deal Hot Rods.  They hold up decently if you don't abuse them.  If you really get wild with them, the little rods will break.  I don't know what else you'd expect, though.  They're drumsticks.  They sound great when playing with acoustic guitars or quiet parts of songs.
1155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like it, it serve the purpose, and I will buy more. Shipping can be better, It was shipped late.
4433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	An old standby that just doesn't let you down. I've purchased a few very expensive capo's in the last few years. I just keep coming back to these.
2039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cable because I wanted the length (25 feet), I thought the red color would be nice, and it was a good price compared to some other shorter cables.  The cable turned out to be all black (not red as pictured), but it still seems sturdy and reliable.  Decent quality, long length, good price.

9709	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos. They're awesome. Cool color. The yellow looks cool.

6915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The case was delivered brand new and in excellent condition. It is beautiful, plush and very sturdy. An excellent buy.
Overall: I stole this for $131 shipped! Last one at that price. These are going online from $169.95 to $199.95.  Considering that, I would say that I'm pretty pleased with it. It's well worth what I paid, even with having to make a minor repair. If you're looking to pick up a playable bass and practice amp on the cheap, its probably a decent buy at the $169 range.  If I were going to spend much more than that, however, I think I would probably go with the Peavey guitar/amp package that sells for around $100 more. The main reason being that it comes with a bigger amp that would probably be a little more versatile for things other than practice.
7102	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Smaller than I was imagining, but is actually the perfect size. High quality device that works flawlessly. The weight is more than I expected and my hand starts to cramp, but I expect this will go away with practice. You can use other low-cost/quality options, but its worth the extra cost to invest in quality.
7969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We purchased these under the recommendation of our sons band director, he was out growing the Rico Royals. These are very good reeds and sound much better at his advanced playing level.
9550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good tones
4015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best pop filter I've ever used
6272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo did exactly as a capo should. It was extremely easy to use, and it looked very good on my electric guitar.
8363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my favorite, thin enough to strum, hard enough to pick, and they don't slip at all
569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
3735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's The Real McCoy sounds just like it should battery compartment improved durable would buy again
7044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a good accessory for playing the Lap Steel Guitar! I bought this Lap Dawg based upon the reviews by many experienced lap steel players! I didn't give this 5 star because the Lap Dawg needs to be a little longer then it is! It has the right fit for normal size hands, but the length, in my opinion could have been a 1/2 inch longer so when placed on a six string Lap it fits across all six strings! It smoothly goes down the strings forward and back, but when moving up and down changing notes it has a tendency of catching on the first string! Just from my personal observation the Dawg fits my hand well, with the one exception noted! I think longer would be better!
6578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
8563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a great product! It holds 7 of the picks I use (Dunlop Jazz III) and it doesn't move along the mic stand at all. The only downside is that it has to be in the mic stand in order to hold the pics, if you take it off to take it to a gig, the picks will fall off... It's not a big problem but it would be nice for it to hold them even when off the mic stand.
It comes with an included Shure clip and the extra goodies like a bag. It wired it all up and plugged it into my interface, and it blew me away! The sound is just awesome, and works great with my tenor voice. I threw on some modest reverb and it sounded golden.
Recommended
1568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well.
Of course, these are round-wounds. Round-wound strings are bright in general, so if you're looking for a more mellow tone or you don't want to build up the callouses to play these strings, you're going to want flat-wound strings instead.
What's not to like? Well - some people have complained about how the reed plates jut out a little from the front of the comb - about how some models have actually been sharp (rough edge on lips). I've learned how to adjust my lips so that I can get a tighter seal because if I don't, I tend to get a little more harmony than melody going. The edges have been comfortable to play on. But it does require an ever so slightly different lip seal than I learned playing on the Golden Melody and Special 20 (both which have significantly cover styles from each other).

5144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they work. its great not worrying about dropping your instrument on stage. ive done it  it sucked! worth every penny!
3170	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great stand, very stable, fairly compact, good build quality, no problems. Minor issues: The leg lock is balky to twist sometimes. The leg pads pick up cat hair and dirt like crazy - I'm looking for a storage bag to help with that. The guitar head stock sticks in the support a bit after the instrument has rested there a while, but a twist and lift usually unsticks it without having to use two hands. The rubber strap is supposed to store along side the support but it doesn't easily rotate from storage position to the closed position, so I leave it loose.

2537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yo!  It's a Washboard!
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
5099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sign of a good strap lock is it not breaking and I've yet to have that happen. I have these on 4 of my guitars. The strap release button works very easily as well.
So, go ahead and get your "Angus" on!
7308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quick delivery.  High quality product that looks as good as it sounds....
6393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If these picks we're $20 for a pack of six,then they would still be worth it for their toughness alone. Tremolo picking,pick slides...these picks can take whatever your playing style throw's at them. I've had occasional issues with losing my grip on them when sweating,but otherwise as long as you don't lose them,you'll have an excellent set of picks that will last a LONG time.
- Heavily padded interior with a simple but effective strapping system
Would definitely recommended if you need a case that your Les Paul fits very snugly and safely into.
2293	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's only a hundred bucks.  Don't settle for a crappy mic and regret it.  This is the standard for a microphone. It stands up to abuse and lasts forever.  It sounds great and is very clear.  That's the idea, right?
-Ernie Ball slinky strings
Read the Quick Start booklet and then experiment with the basic functions and all the buttons ...[ya can't really break it]
4274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great & cheap pop filter, however.. I had a lot of drama putting it on the mic.
Plugging into an amp, it sounds amazing. I can play, amplified, on stage with it.
611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My previous post below was a mix up that was intended to be displayed as my comment on the 1 foot cable. This is the 2 foot cable and it's length is perfect! A very durable cord and it turned out to be the exact length that I needed. 5 Stars from me!
6042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The hybrid guitar-banjo is a controversial beast. To be fair to the rabid defenders of the five-string banjo: if you're looking to play bluegrass, there are definitely techniques and styles that you can't use with a six-string. (It's the absence of that infamous drone string.) That said, if you use it right, this is a wonderful instrument and not just a toy for lazy guitar players.
3055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Alesis Monitor One Mk2 monitors surprised me with really good sound quality and stereo imaging. Listening to these makes it evident that the engineers who worked on this product really made an effort to sweat the small details that make for truly good sound. The crossover network (the electronic circuit that transfers high frequencies to the tweeter and low frequencies to the woofer) is one of the most critical components in a good loudspeaker system, and it's not easy to get it right in a passive loudspeaker system - but the Alesis engineers managed to do it. The result is smooth imaging and sound dispersion through the midrange and into the high frequencies, which makes the sound seem "larger than the box" - you never hear a little wooden box, instead you hear a glorious expanse of sound filling the entire sound stage.
I found this cable is not hard to find but it isn't easy either. This cable worked very well for what I wanted to do.

9357	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does what it says, last seemingly forever.

4387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best there is. No problems supporting my guitar and keeping my strap attached. I installed them without issues. I am 100% confident that my guitar is secure. It's not even something I think about.


2272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product arrived really fast, like two days to Hawaii. It is sturdy and works great. I had a shotgun microphone from an old Sony camera that has XLR (large 3 prong audio) plug and I wanted to try to use it as hand microphone for a Panasonic video camera with mini plug. This cable works perfectly and is well made. Fine product, good price.
These things have lasted through gigging and anything else i can throw at them with no problem. I ordered strap pins only a few months ago to put on a few more recent guitars and one of the push button locks finally went out. It was on the strap I used the most for the heavier guitars so I got some mileage out of that thing. I ordered a whole set of new ones here last month and put the locks on a new strap and the buttons on another guitar.
Thank you EVANS.
1671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this adapter on the interface/mix board end of 1 channel of my XLR cable snake, to change 1 channel into my monitor return. I plug an XLR to Female 1/4" stereo adapter to the other end to create a headphone jack at the musician end of my setup. Now I can record with 6 channels, and monitor with 2. (It's an 8 channel XLR snake). Why do I go through all that you ask? because I have an 8 channel XLR snake, and instead of buying another snake, why not ADAPT the snake I have? hence the word adapter... :-P I love it. It's a great tool to add versatility to your setup, no matter what you're doing. Definately recommend this product to anyone that would happen to need to change an XLR to balanced 1/4" stereo... It's high quality, and very solid, I definately expect this to last me a long time.
8239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these Kyser capo's all the time; I would rate them 5 star, except the spring on them will eventually break, thus you need to get a new one to replace it.  I have replaced at least three of these in the last ten years or so - yes, I do play four separate guitars, thus the high count, BUT, if the spring was higher quality, they would last forever!  Still, this is my "GO TO"  capo!
1574	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works just fine.  Tight fit and seems solid
4815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	product is good
I wanted to use this with a DRRI, (two channel inputs) and put an overdrive or high gain Distortion pedal on channel 1, leaving the reverb and speed/intensity to the clean channel 2. However, when the overdrive is turned on, but the AB is switched to the clean channel, you get a lot of bleed through of the noise inherent from that high gain. It goes away if you switch the pedal off, but that kind of defeats the whole purpose. Also since the inputs on the DRRI are out of phase, the combined signal is a little odd sounding. So this isn't the best choice for my application, although it isn't really a BAD choice...it works to a degree but just has a couple issues. However, I expect I will return this due to the bleedthrough of noise -- the rest I could tolerate but I don't think I can live with that.
At one time, all electric strings used pure nickel windings.  Then the cost of nickel material increased, causing string makers to use plating instead of pure nickel.
4262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fine
  But try and imagine my surprise when I tried out this overdrive in a music store a few months back out of nothing more than boredom, and couldn't believe my ears! The OD-3 is an analog overdrive that retains as much or as little bass as you dial in, it's dead silent when it's engaged and you are not playing (the signal to noise ratio is '-115db'), the construction feels very solid, and it even features the classic early 80's larger black BOSS knobs with a funky school bus yellow-ish orange paint job all over it.
5208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I install these on all my guitars, especially electrics. Without these the straps will always find away to slide off. I have tried multiple strap brands and they all function the same.
I used to use the yellow Delrins, what I would suck on to soften - these are better, altho' I can't really say how they taste.
9041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is lightweight, small, and does the job perfectly.  HOWEVER, it is very difficult to one-hand change this thing.  I thought I was just not doing it right, but then I used a friends capo and it was a completely different kind of mechanism.  Again this is great and works perfect, I just wish it was more of a light squeeze and move, rather than a forearm workout squeeze tool.
Do better.

9237	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Useful and strong product. Recommended
This works great, I love it.


5508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I lke the Dunlop even better though.  It's more sturdy. And they have a slightly smaller version of electric guitars.
This one is the one that stick
1519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good performance. Very useful when providing audio in many different places.
2184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My earlier review was for the Jr2- I don't know why it was posted for the Jr1! Well, anyway this is a nice guitar for the money. There is some initial buzzing in the beginning- but not anymore. It has great tone- it's clear and bright. I like that. Great sustain. Great travel guitar for adults. comes w/ a gig bag. Jr1 is a great guitar- buy one NOW!
962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good cable at a good price. It arrived quickly. I purchased it for my Roland drum set. I am able to play Rock Band with my electronic drums instead of the cheesy drum set that is included with Beatle Rock Band.
7839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo for the price. I have s couple of capos in different colors. This has a nice finish on it.
1412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice cable for the price. I already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. Inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. Haven't noticed any hum or crackles. For sure a good buy.
4379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work great. They took maybe 10 minutes to install and I haven't had any problems with them since.
1060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	i've had better cables but not by much and this is probably one of the better values
3096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like this mic. I have it in semi permanent loan from a friend who used to drum. Initially I did he snobby thing and said "wow look at how boosted the lows and highs are on that mic, I'd rather a natural sounding kick mic" I'm over the elitist mentality. This mic just sounds right across several genres. For rock, it can capture that kick "click" sound in the high end to cut through a dense mix. Yet for folk or softer music you can do a low pass to it and it instantly becomes warm and mellow. I tried it on an upright bass blended w a CAD m179. Perfect. Cad got the air and presence and this mic got the lows. Lasty, the price is right and I would buy it if I no longer had access to this loaner. Next project, micing a bass cab!!
Now it's going cost me 2 to 3 hundred dollars to have the controls replaced
Go forth and SHRED \m/
The Monitor One's have good bass response for their size, but this is inevitably limited by the 5" effective piston diameter of the woofers. I added a budget Velodyne VX-11 subwoofer to extend the bass response of the Monitor One's. The subwoofer is set to roughly a 70 Hz crossover frequency, and about 8 o'clock on the sub volume knob. The Velodyne integrates very smoothly with the Monitor One's at these settings, and the overall sound is nothing short of superb - for a total budget of about $300 for both monitors and subwoofer! Outstanding sound on the cheap!

My only issue with this pedal is the size. Morley pedals are awesome but take up some space on your board. I had to get pretty creative to arrange my pedals on my board and keep everything effecient.
3582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice guitar plays great nice action
7207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings, totally helped out, easy to play, made my cello sound so much better, are loud project sound a lot, so be careful and know your cello so u know what sound is going to be produced
I decided to retire my Taylor, and have now moved and play in a Church about one fifth the size of the other. I now use an Epiphone Masterbilt 500 (all solid wood, mahogany and spruce), and the pickup continues to be stunning. As I said I much prefer this to an undersaddle piezo; undersaddle combos just seem to "boingy" or "twangy" and less natural to me; with the Fishman blend, I get plenty of bottom from the magnetic pickup without sacrificing a realistic, woody tone.
546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works and it's cheap and fair priced
3871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really good, came in perfect condition and is a very good pedal right out the box.
Stop reading and BUY, you won't be sorry!
1691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good items and arrive on time
2904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i'm a tough critic.  I always read the bad reviews, but with caution but I want to know the real deal.  So I decided to retire my 1992 240 AKG's.  Twenty years of dailly use.  The cable is shot.
-THE WORST ISSUE: perhaps in response to complains about neck dive in earlier Thunderbird models, Epiphone have moved the location of one of the strap attachment points. Instead of being positioned on the side of the body above the neck (as it is in most guitars/basses and as it is in the picture) it is now located on the back of the instrument where the neck bolts on to the body.
These pickups are amazing value for money and sound fabulous. However the pickup frame was larger than the original stock pickups so I had to rout the body slightly to get the new pickups to fit. This was a simple operation which only took me 10 minutes to do with the Dremel.
The holes stop short of the bottom of the case, so the mics are actually surrounded by foam on all sides. The lid closes pretty snugly when zippered shut. Nothing is moving around in there. There's a zippered front pocket with a flat zippered pouch on front of that. Aside from the microphones in the holes, you won't be able to fit much more in the GM-4 other than maybe a few microphone clips, guitar picks, or handhend recorder.
---------- If any edit would improve the review quality/thoroughness/clarity write me a comment.
Handling noise is TERRIBLE on this unit.  Touching the mic boom sends the nastiest noises straight into the mic capsule and through the PA.  An add-on cutoff switch is a must for this unit.
9518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks
5670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A little more tang for the little wider neck of a 12 string, Rickenbacker, notwithstanding.  Slightly stiffer spring for the extra tension of the extra course of strings.  Works and functions perfectly.  I would absolutely recommend it to friends and family.
1588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful sound and durable. Good length, as well.
It took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the DS-1. It's BOSS, so it will last forever.
7027	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Didn't think I'd be compelled to review something like a guitar pick, but the Dunlop Ultex has really impressed me thus far.  I use the .60 thickness, which is equivalent to the orange plastic Dunlop pick.  The orange pick is my favorite for acoustic and most electric playing, but they do wear down and fray on the edges, and have a little more friction that I'd like.
I made a knee jerk review (again) right after I got this.  But in all fairness I received my Gibson Les Paul on the same day, buying IT from my local music store and professionally set up, ready to go.  I was comparing apples and oranges, so to speak.  But now, even after comparing them to each other, they really aren't that far apart.
6328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these the best of any of picks without additional 'grip' surfaces. (My favourite pick though is Dava Grip Tips).
--Start with a key of C.

3383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these after purchasing a Martin Bluegrass set.  Much better action and playability.  If you don't need the volume of the bluegrass strings, which are a much heavier gauge, give these a try.  Your mandolin will like it, and you will too!
7542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good reeds.  Brand was recommended and did not disappoint.
164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice action; comfortable; stable.
3847	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Their quality control must be slipping.  The unwound stings (e, b, g) each have 3 or 4 tiny black deposits that feel like raised, scratchy bumps or grains of sand on the strings.  They do not scrape off easily, either.  I have never seen this on guitar strings before.  If you are sliding your fingers up or down the strings, you definitely feel them.  They are an unnecessary distraction from the playing experience as well as uncomfortable.

209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The sustain pedal has a nice grip on the bottom which allows it to stay in place while other products have their pedals sliding all over the place because there is no gripping on the bottom. The pedal has this certain pressure to is when pressing down on it, which I personally like. You can rest your foot on it and it won't sustain unless you apply more pressure. All in all, it is worth the buy.
NOT as playable instruments.
7758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're just a casual fiddler or student, you can't beat these strings.
Decent noise performance.

4816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seriously, if you value your instrument you will make the small investment in this 'insurance policy'. Straplok click in place when it is properly seated, press the button to release. Installation is very straightforward, but be prepared to do a little finagling to attach the connector to your strap. You may even need to nip a tiny bit of material around the strap hole to get it to push through enough to get the retaining clip on. This is normal. Take your time do it right ;)

5894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The handle isn't the best but the rest is great. Nice fabric to keep your baby warm and snuggled. You will like this as much as the guitar you put inside. It's a nice case and a solid design.

In all fairness, the cable works 100% as designed, flawlessly, but it doesn't do what I hoped it would do. I have since found the Silent Connector, made by Neutrik, that works exactly like what I am looking for. It can be added to any cable and costs about $10 or so.
1989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mic,so many choices out there I bought this after reading great reviews and am not disappointed,sounds great,just what I needed

GREAT case, comes with a strap if you want to use it. I just carry them without the strap. Very durable, well made. At events, I just show up and once unzipped (open and tuck each end under the case) and plugged it, my mics are ready to go. Very handy. You can label them on the side.
forget the screw on type, and spend the few extra bux for this one.  you'll be happier, trust me.
944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable.
Cons: -Thunderbirds are notorious for their weight and tendency for neck-dive, and this one is no different. It's fairly weighty, although not as heavy as some other basses I own like my Schecter Stilletto 5. If you're used to playing basses on the heavier end it shouldn't be an issue. The neck will sometimes dive if you take your hands off the instrument with the neck at a low angle, but if you keep the neck at a high angle before you let go, it usually won't dive on its own. If you play it sitting down, it feels pretty comfortable, but for some reason something about the design of the body always makes my right leg fall asleep.

8967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my favorite, this is the best place to get them
8080	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo on the market. You can't go wrong buying this capo.
This is a guitar that although it is value-priced, it isn't and doesn't look, feel or sound 'cheap'. It's a guitar you can happily play for many years  and want to keep.
1952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this cartridge to replace an older AT92E in my JVC turntable. My turntable is designed for P-Mount system and this one installs in a cinch. The description calls this an AT92ECD. I got a AT92E. It looks like NOS which is fine by me. It sounded great back then and it sounds great today. There will always be better and grander cartridges but it's hard to beat the value this AT92E gives. The output is strong and I would say crisp. It provides 90% of all obtainable quality for only 10-20% of the cost. I will always be comparing against this. My previous AT92E provided me with many years of service and I expect this one will too.
5453	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Matches my tweed theme. Works. Good.
4	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Please pay attention better than I did to the reviews! This a very poor quality product. Will not stay in tune! If by chance you do order buy some better strings. The lesson booK is ok but that's about it. Do you self a favor and spend a little more. You will be glad you did!
3535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, I decided to try installing them on my Gibson Studio electric (7.23 lbs.). No

9558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice little sticker not real thick seems to work fine
nashville tn 37204
--Then Bb,  F, E,... here is gets more debatable
4596	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible strings! No Tone at all!
9912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good, I like it.
5.  Clear visual reminders of how to access major features (such as the memory mode).
8697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are good picks for a good price.  Keep in mind that these are extremely thin, only .38mm.  But for strumming or learning to strum these are great.  I haven't worn any of them out yet and haven't seen any breaking as I sometimes do with cheaper thin picks.  Overall if you're looking for a good soft thin pick, these are great.
6402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pickup! It was a bit brighter than i was expecting and has smooth yet high output.


i want to make a point, i'll pick up my les paul and plug in. (apologies for no caps. big fingers do not do laptop
7941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems, well made, does it's job well.
4808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best strap lock system out there! -
1029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa makes great, low cost, guitar cable. I am very impressed with my purchase. The cable is properly shielded, so I don't pick up a lot of distortion. Compared to the Planet Waves cables that I used to swear by, this is equivalent in manufacturing but 1/3 of the price. Definitely recommend to all of you DJ's and Guitar Players.
Arrived on time and in good conditions
5110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have recently been experimenting with different capos, though I have used a Shubb for years and recently purchased one with an updated design. Nevertheless, I'm pleasantly surprised with this capp. I have another, what I would call a "lever-action" capo, that I got for about the same price. I have been reasonably happy with that one, but this particular capo exerts more pressure than the G7th capo I bought for easily twice the price. In fact, I find this one to be a better capo than the G7th. MOre than likely, I will robably alternate between my new Shubb and this capo, so I am very happy with it.
Guitar, Electric (great!)
3378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pair of quality made sticks for less than 7 bucks. In my opinion, these sticks are way more Balanced than Vf sticks, helps my sticking sound more uniform. Might get the 7a's next. 5a's are ever so slightly fatter than expected. Not a problem though.
American Dj Pinspot Hard Gel Color Caps  $6
6779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great picks for acoustic guitar.  Been playing since 1978 so I know my picks.
913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great price and solid quality. The pins were loose when they arrived. I just tightened them and away we went. Perfect to connect a keyboard to the mixer.
5106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift,  it was well received.
4517	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, they are straplocks, and they do what they say.  I have now installed these on all my basses and guitars, both acoustic and electric, and they just work.  They make strap removal easy, and they keep the strap on there when until then.  I will continue to use these on all my stringed instruments.
7587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  Fast shipping!  I would buy again : )
Some people might not like the heavy weight, but I love the heft.  No accidental kicking it around with stage antics, and built like a tank.
8524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these little guys. The small size forces me to hold it so just the very tips is exposed. They have a nice textured grip. I bought the red ones this time so I can see them when I drop them!
8377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected good price
12-5-15 Update. Upgraded the stylus on my Shure M97 XE with an after market hyper elliptical - great improvement!  Took the newly "spare"  M97 XE stylus and installed it on the M92E running on a p-mount table. It weighed about 1.25 grams more than the p-mount tracking standard of 1.25 grams. Didn't want to increase the tonearm mass by adding weight behind the pivot point. So, I carefully removed the 97XE's stabilizer brush assembly from the stylus assembly with a utility knife then reinstalled it. However, it now weighed in a bit under 1.25 grams. Added a small blob of Blu Tack on the top of the cart to correct the tracking force weight, molded it to conform then painted it black. What a sonic improvement! Best sounding "M92E" yet!! GEEK OUT!
(a bit on the thin side, but i haven't seen to have any issue due to this or anything. Couldn't go wrong for $5 at the time of my purchase and prime eligibility.
3191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this stand. I had a cheaper one before that supported the neck as well but it broke and this was my replacement. It folds up real compact, it's sturdy, and it feels well built. Doesn't take up a lot of room either (footprint AND folded up).
4721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product...super shipping...price and it's from Amazon.com...what else is needed to be said...
3480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really thought that this pedal would hardly ever be used, but it turns out to be just the opposite! I play metal with new age influences, and this works perfectly for rhythm/fill applications, as well as various simple lead pieces. Every time I use it I'm amazed at just how much it adds to the overall 'vibe' of the song. Great pedal!!!


6374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It sounds good.
3241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is definitely the most stable, practical and good looking keyboard stand I have used. Both of my keyboard sit on them.
6227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A clear , natural sounding pick . I recommend getting some of these for your pick arsenal .  The cheapest way to change up your  'sound'  is to change your pick . Different pick materials all sound somewhat different .
3406	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ever since I was offered this brand when buying strings at a music shop, I've found them to be the best bass strings I've ever used.
6861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hi quality case for the price.
1939	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At <$20 price it's a steal.
7928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always buy my guitar strings on Amazon now. I use to pay over 10 dollars a set at my local music store, but I can buy 3 sets on Amazon for 10 bucks. Martin makes the best acoustic strings on the market today and Amazon is the best place to buy them.
9190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo works well. I must be pretty weak though because it's hard for me to put it on my guitar.
4455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used D'addario and Marting Phosphor Bronze strings, but they give very bright sound to guitar, especially new.
2476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I first tested this mic recording my guitar amplifier. Using a good monitor headphone it was almost impossible to distinguish the recorded sound from the live sound. Very high fidelity recording device. No surprise it became a classic over the decades.
5493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good solid construction. It hooks onto the mic stand and works as advertised, i.e removes the pops from vocal recordings.
8261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used these heads for over 10 years on a variety of drum sets and a variety of 16 Inch toms. From hanging toms to floor toms with legs, they work great on all of them. Any time I have a drum that has anything else it never quite sounds as good as these and when I change the heads to G1 clear heads they always sound way better . It's the perfect balance of sustain and cut.
5987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Distortion for a decent price!
I don't think it will ever be able to hammer nails like the forever sturdy SM-58, but I'll treat it real sweet because it sounds SO GOOD!!
12.5.11 Update: Okay, so I just realized that there are "Dunlop Stubby Picks" and then there are "Dunlop BIG Stubby Picks" Sorry...
4972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i like straplocks
There are some other peculiarities, such as the reed plates which somewhat inexplicably overhang the front of the comb. They only protrude about twelve thousandths of an inch, or a bit less than 1/64, but it's certainly enough to feel weird. I can handle that, and it's not a fatal flaw, it's just ... weird.




2996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seem to be working great on my Focusrite Pro 40 and Octopre Dynamic in an odyssey CRS08 case. No complaints
878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable is amazing. I love the quality, the look and the tweeded mesh texture. There does not seem to be any noise introduced by the cable. I use this cable on a regular basis. I prefer it over my Monster cable. I see no signal difference between the two cables. Save some money and go with this one.
3004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are screws. They screw in and hold things. To say that they did less would've gotten the 1 star. I like them.
When I first attempted to play a long way back, I bought a cheap metal slide and didn't like the sound at all.
1387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great cables for the price.  had them for a while now and no problems.  seem to be shielded well also.
And the most important: it have a small price!
9861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Many other spring-based capos are either too stiff or too loose.  The spring tension on the Kyser is "just right"...you can open it and slip it on the neck with minimal effort and be assured it's going to stay put without slipping.  Very well-constructed and (providing you don't lose it) should last for many, many years.
3476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	12 is 6 times 2
608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The cable is flawless and a great bargain.


4761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes the strongest and easiest to use capos I've ever owned.
57	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hi, loved the chord buddy.  I just got a new guitar for Christmas.  I am also brand new to playing, and this is very helpful.  I'm sure
567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love it.....hook it up to any headphone jack and your good to go
3825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Must have for any guitarist. This is the first original crybaby I've owned, past has been the 535Q. This is a good starting out wah just so you can get used to it and to experiment with. It does have a weird bass to treble transition at about midway toe down, not as smooth sounding as the 535Q, but still a great legendary pedal.
161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice, solid pedal. Built to last. Works as advertised.
977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These just work. Hosa cables are pretty reliable and these are no exception.

1365	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have found Hosa cables to be an excellent value. More expensive cables may be more rugged, but for the price, I'm very happy with the Hosa's I have purchased.

1764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well built sturdy cable.  I've had no trouble with this.  I have several similar Hosa Cables that all work well.
Just one thing though, I'm given to understand the tie-dye finish is sort of random so I don't think you get to choose the color combination, just keep that in mind if an excessively pink capo is not  your thing.
779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great.

9852	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	12 packages of 12 pics each one. for 3 bucks, what else can you ask for?
5491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly
3673	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The 2 Stars is for the price for a single pick holder, other offers have 5 Alice or no-name brand in a package starting at $2.82
3010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cable to use with the DigiTech RP500 and it worked out great. The cable is strong and attractive. Once plugged in it's hard to pull out - it has a tight fit which is good. The color coding is not that big of a deal, because it's only a few feet long but came in handy when work out of the back of a rack. Good product.
9445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice picks
900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The product was great for the money I would recommend and purchase again
3242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar cables. I have been using these heavily and they have shown minimal wear and tear. Sound is still very reproducible after about 5-6 months of heavy use and i do not hear any crackling or fuzz from the wires. Great cables for the price
It picks up sound from a small or mid sized room nicely for acoustic performances.  The stereo separation is nice, not too much and not too little.  The fidelity is amazing for the price.  As another reviewer pointed out, this microphone was used to record Lori McKenna's album&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Kitchen-Tapes/dp/B0000YKA8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Kitchen Tapes</a>&nbsp;which is very impressive in my book.


These are maybe too light for my Ernie Ball "Not Even Slinky" strings, but they still work for that, as well as my mandolin and uke.
6177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
---- Picks...$5 for an assortment
1523	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Hosa Cable is very well made, with good quality connectors and a nice long length. My son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. This 25' cable gives him flexibility to move around and it is sturdy enough that it can take being stepped on and pulled around.
1556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good quality !
5537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop screen really works, thanks to its double-layered configuration. My only complaint is that the item shipped to me had a "run" in one side of the screen, but this was too inconsequential for me to return it.
8550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You'll lose these before you break them or wear them out. If a stiff, slick pick fits your style, these are the best for fast pick work.
Bottom line, I recommend this string set for people looking to boost distortion on their guitar. If you have guitars like seagulls or so, definitely avoid this string.
8547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good.
4307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I guess they are okay.  Packages arrived new and on time.
63	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using QSC K10s for close to a couple of years now. I am a solo performer, playing a variety of styles from acoustic singer-songwriter stuff to loop-driven electro-rock. I typically play bars and have probably used these for nearly 100 gigs at this point.
789	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I had minimal use on this cable and it lasted about two weeks. As a kid with no money I always used the cheapest cables I could find, when they broke I would take them apart and solder them back together. You buy better stuff as you get older and wiser, I've used monster cables for about 15 years and never had a problem, I needed a cable in a hurry and didn't want to spend the money on one that wasn't going to see much action, I should have just spent the extra money.
I use the wood tip on acoustic drums and nylon on my electronic setup, since my Gen16 perforated cymbals eat wood tips like a cheese grater. Both stick models are excellent.
5117	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great.  I have these on all my guitars.  Only problem is the clip on install to the strap.  If you can't get it done google for install videos which will show you how to use a pliers to push the clip into place.  Once installed you are good for life.
2081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The real deal Responsive Classroom bell. Holding up well this year. Gets a lot of use with my current classroom. If only it could cause spontaneous acquisition of skills...
2637	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price and the dynamics involved in monitoring voice overs theses are hard to beat. Very comfortable on your HEAD and pocketbook I find the M20's a true bargain - they won't break the bank or your heart if you drop a pair too many times (don't ask!). Lot's of waaaaay more expensive cans out there but for most voice overs they are over kill. I team these up with my Porta-Booth [[ASIN:B0015TFO24 Porta-booth - Portable Sound Studio with Two Compression Sacs] and VO: 1-A microphone [ASIN:B002SMYUFY VO: 1-A Harlan Hogan Signature Series Voice Over Microphone] on the road.
Understand that stick choices are personal, so while this stick and its sibling are my favorites, it may be too light or slender for your personal tastes. Also, I've checked out other brands and models, and two popular brands - Vater and Vic Firth - seem to feel best if held in a matched grip, which this model is perfect for my traditional grip playing.

6207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these picks
They're open backed, so not very good for noisy rooms.
3185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gigging out, I dislike most guitar stands so much, I usually prefer to do without. If it's going to be a hassle (with extra parts that go missing and/or tedious setup) or if it's inclined to dump my instrument onto the floor, I'd honestly rather just lean my bass against the amp or stow it in the gig bag on breaks.
I bought a Fender hardshell case for my Fender Strat and paid $160 for that case. This Epiphone EDREAD case is of similar high quality and only runs $80 - $90 at the time of this writing. In my opinion, if you have an Epiphone dreadnaught style guitar, you simply can't go wrong getting this case for it. Even the cheaper, generic cases available are not substantially less expensive than this one. I think this case is high quality, looks great, and is reasonably priced (at the time of this writing). I highly recommend it.
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE & RESOURCES
6242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As with anything with BOSS, the two BOSS FS-5U Non-Latching Footswitches that I purchased, work like a charm.

242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it is very good
1693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid, molded. I love em.
7856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAA

4935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tested this on my Blue Yeti USB Microphone and could tell the difference with the POP filter on right away. Good investment.


Well, things shifted from Nickel to steel strings. Two ideas were that either economics was the
7552	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Loved it! Best of all!
7349	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The spectraflex material is a great concept but I am constantly fighting with this thing as it wants to twist on itself and constantly finds a way to get tangled. It is too rigid or something. You would think it would help it resist tangling but it is the exact opposite. The best moment you will ever have with it is right as you are taking it out of the wrapper. It is all down hill, disappointment and frustration from there.
6264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	People are always worried about taking up too much pedal board space with this tap tempo, but its definitely worth the space for me. I never have problems with it moving around and the taps are VERY consistent!
9662	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pick for most players
I have not experienced any splitting, cracking, chipping.
It's a long explanation, but hopefully it will help someone, whereas it took me many hours of searching online for an answer. i highly recommend this cable & will start using more HOSA's in the future!
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
1381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The product works just fine and is a great bang for the buck as far as I can tell so far.
2877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cables.  I go through them sometimes four times a year.  I can't understand why expensive headphones don't have detachable cables.  I have stuck with K240s for years and years.  I've had two Austrian and two Chinese sets.  They are my reference for tracking; my studio is calibrated around these headphones.  This cable is a tremendous upgrade to the one that comes with the headphones: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KALWHSM/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_2?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=AJ2PJNO98VCDO
Ultimately, I think it's a matter of preference. Clear and coated heads have different sounds. Coated is warmer, clear is clearer. That's the best way I can describe them. Two ply is always my go-to for batter heads. You may like the thinner sound of G1s, but it is not my preference.
646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This works surprisingly well, but there some hiss... may be the camera jack.
4354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Got sore finger tips?  Recovering from a long absence of playing...?  OR like me...you were playing but had an injury that kept you away from your guitar for a while and your finger tips went soft again??  These strings are definitely worth getting.  I injured my shoulder and just couldn't pick up & hold my guitar (Seagull Rustic Acoustic) for weeks & weeks... by the time I could play for even just 10 - 15 minutes before my shoulder would start screaming at me... my poor finger tips were screaming as well from the heavier Martin SP's I had on.  So to get me back in the grove and toughen up the tips a little... I got these and put them on.  Finger pain not an issue now.
5235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these on my basses and they do the job quite well.. They are easy to install on the bass and the strap.
2441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
837	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Cord seems to only intermittently conduct a signal.
fun, especially with a nice pair of P-90s on your guitar.
2874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've loved these headphones since my broadcast days two decades ago, and they're still a consistent, high-quality performer. No ear strain, crisp sound, comfortable and flexible.
8443	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are pretty tiiny for my gorilla hands. But with the Dunlop "grip" they stay put!
6266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everyone has known for a good while that if you wanted *clean*  *distortion* get the Big Muff, no question. It is I'm happy to say the same and really better. I bought my second just a bit ago having heard of the sustain feature for the first time. Not to gild the lily but I'll be dipped. It makes it better.
906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hosa makes quality cables. I have purchased many in the past and none of them have given me any issues.
1610	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I got 3 of these to plug XLR cables into the 1/4" jacks on my board. I got it because my board only has 6 channels with XLR inputs. None of them work. Perhaps I got the wrong thing?
7952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play guitar as well as doing all the maintenance myself. When I would change the strings I would pretty much just get some cheapo strings since I'm only practicing. You could easily find a pack of 6 guitar strings for about $5. Once I began to try violin I noticed that under $10 would be a miracle. I don't really know much about violin at this point, but I can tell that the strings are of good quality and should last for awhile.
CONCLUSION:
3866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	awesome strings
9393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, and easy to position and apply.


I needed two folders, but bought only one to check out the quality.  I'll be getting another one...
same mistake. These work great in the proper manner they are made for. Ended up, drilling yet another hole in guitar and filling old one (this was in an acoustic, not a solid body electric). You will see on the instruction sheet, installation for a solid body. I don't remember seeing a specification of the sort. If you haven't had a mishap and your old screw hole is still small enough for the included
4472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Installed these strings on my daughter's Fender acoustic. Much easier on the fingers! Great sound as well.
6754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a big fan of these Pro-Mark Japanese Shira Kashi White Oak sticks. I use both 5A and 5B sizes, and if I were to try another size stick, I'd again get the Pro-Mark Oaks. I like the density of the wood for drum sticks. They feel substantial.
6074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	SO DA OBSOME! LOVING THE COLOR! :D :D :D
5404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Overall, this is the best harp over the 595BX Blue Midnight and 364 Marine Band 12 note.
9965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this gauge of pick, and I love how it feels almost like sandpaper per say when you first use it, it is nicely textured so it doesn't slip out of your grip. Most people would settle on the Dunlop yellow picks (.73 mm) so you may want to try those as well, but for me, I love the Orange.

  G/ C
1770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it was purchased for!
7020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love these but I think they are a little too pricey. They are higher priced than the average pick.

3788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is the #1 classic first wah pedal any musician should get. It is the most simple wah pedal out there, thus the cheapest. Mine has a muffled sound in the heel position that I don't like at all, but I am being told it is the way it should sound. Try to find your niche with it, find your sound, and you'll be just fine.

I guess if you have a mic directly inside the drum, you could hear the smacking of the head a little easier.
10	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good starter set up

1838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always need patch cables and I've played with Monster and Planet Wave patch cables. These get the job done and if it does fry out I don't feel bad about throwing them out.
I've only run it on baterries and they really last long, the construction is really tough so you don't have to worry about stomping too hard.
5737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You need this if you own a 13 string.
79	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not for a professional gig, but it's playable.  But, realize you have to learn how to tool it, even if it were tune prior to shipping.  Any string e x instrument will quickly go out of tun e u until it is broken in.  One of the sheets describes which strings should be turned to which note.  You need any reasonable means to tune it, be it an electronic tuner, a keyboard, or reference tones off the internet.  This is one of those things you have to learn to do for any string instrument.  By the way, when tuning the peg will sometimes get to a position where it will seem that you can't properly get the tool on it.  The tool has the same opening on the other end, only rotated, so you sound use the opposite end of the tool if you when you run into this situation...probably buried in the instructions somewhere.  Happy harping... and look for their song book for addition music templates... No need to learn to read music, if you don't want to.

7078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered pretty much every Dunlop pick this size.  Some are "ok" but this one just feels good, stays in your hand and is made much better and creates a nicer attack as well as being able to strum chords quickly.  You won't have to always shift the pick around like others because it is nice and "dry" all the time.
7629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When Jimmy Page was asked what advice he'd give to aspiring guitarists, he simply stated "use lighter strings".  He couldn't be more correct. Thick telephone wire guitar strings don't necessarily translate into "fatter" tone.  Can't decide between a .009 and a .010 set for your electric?  These strings offer a nice compromise.  I have two '76 Les Paul deluxe guitars, and I've vacillated between using 9's and 10's on them for years.  I was pleasantly surprised when I strung one of them up with these .0095 GHS Boomers and played them into shape.  What a sweet, fat tone they resonate out through the deluxe's mini humbuckers.  I think I found my new favorite string gauge!
6330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nuff said.
5160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	still the go-to harp maker.
--(***__ overall) Hohner Marine Band 1896 Classic: The longtime favorite of many players, undisputed best for decades and, in my opinion, still the best wood-comb harmonica at the mid-price range. Many pros still use it, but don't be fooled, they are likely to be custom-assembled custom-tuned custom-polished. At mid-price range it has my (slightly) favorite sound, but the Special 20 and Lee Oskar are significantly more comfortable and their holes are easier for a beginner to single out.
9028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Most beautiful capo I have ever seen. 100% authentic,  packaging and all. Can't beat the price. Would order again.
1628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The price was right and the quality was excellent. I will definitely tell my band friends about using this store.
8593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best strings I have ever used for acoustic. Makes old crap guitars sound new again! Just bought another set.
6220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite pick, and this is the only pick I use for any of my instruments.  The grip is nice, the rigidity is perfect, the attack is just right for my needs.  I've never had one break, and I've never seen any quality issues with these.  I am constantly losing picks, which is my fault, not Dunlop's.  It just made sense to buy the 72 pack to save some $ on the cost per pick.  I keep a handful in each of my guitar cases and a few in my wallet.  My advice is to try out as many different picks as you possibly can, until you find the one (or few) that best fit your needs.  After that I recommend buying them in bulk to save some overall dough.
4601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great construction and easy to use! Should last a very long time!

2836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality headphone for recording studio.
7233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There are a couple brands to choose from and this one  is our preference.  They are all 100% and very satisfied.
3978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good value
2127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This thing is HEAVY...at 2 lbs!  I'd been using a DIY practice hockey puck drilled with a heavy knob on it before this-people getting $100, $200, or more for a billet or brushed aluminum one to me is absurd...This thing at @ $40 is stable and low profile enough to fit under a closed dust cover on just about any turntable I would think worthy enough to use it on. I defer to those who would use it on a belt or idler motor table to say if it is too much, but for a direct drive table that would benefit most from what it offers I don't think there's a better deal unless you DIY. If it had a bubble level built in I'd give it 5-stars
4957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best there is... I will never buy anything else!
IMPORTANT!!!
7375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a professional musician and love these cables, they look great and perform great and feel a lot tougher than the rubber covered cables I've been using

2702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My band bought two of these for our vocalists and we saw a difference. I'm the guitarist but also serve as the sound guy/engineer so I was getting fed up with our old mics. Our female vocalist doesn't sing super loud and I was always cranking her gain; feedback was not uncommon.

8727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	fine
Another favorite of mine is the 6 pack of 3 foot male to female cables which do use my favorite XLR ends mentioned above, which amazon will rush you:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GLS-Audio-3ft-Patch-Cable-Cords-XLR-Male-To-XLR-Female-Black-Cables-3-Balanced-Snake-Cord-6-PACK/dp/B000RYP83I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GLS Audio 3ft Patch Cable Cords - XLR Male To XLR Female Black Cables - 3' Balanced Snake Cord - 6 PACK</a>&nbsp;- these are very easy to open an end, change phase, lift ground, or input someone's oddball source signal.  Having 6 on hand means you won't quibble over cable costs before the show starts and that channel will be in the final mix.
9475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
2264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We use this microphone every Sunday for our primary class and it has not failed. Great value and great product.  Takes abuse and keeps on going.
7259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful reeds. They humm and growl at will.  2.5s.
One tiny thing, however. Maybe this is what it is normally like, but my knob stops turning left at the second dash, and stops turning right about two dashes past the last dash. I guess the knob was put on a little to much to the right. It doesn't affect my tone. It's not like I can't have it at zero, or at full blast, it's just that my zero is at two and my full blast is plus two past the last.
7415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made and easy to play - will purchase again.
Buddy Approved

Good Weight
6527	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best price I could find and they did the job
2951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This has been working well so far for practices (haven't gigged with it yet).  The sound seems good compared to the SM58 I was using, but it seems quieter (before feedback anyway).  The head gear stays put and the ear part is comfy.  It's a little bit tight around my head but my head is larger than average.  I haven't stretched it out too much because I didn't want it to get too loose on me, but so far, it's been holding its shape (and still a bit tight on me).
2078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	DING
8130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just Received My Order and the M13 Lyre Bb Clarinet Mouthpiece is GREAT.  Tone on a 3.5 reed is wonderful.  Well worth the price.  If you are looking for great tone I would tell you to try the Vandoren M13 Lyre Mouthpiece.

It has two side pockets inside the case for accessories too.
1545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it  :-)
I bought these strings and I did not like them but now I think i do.  they are great sounding and they are so easy on the fingers but they feel like they are thicker strings and they play well.  So I am not sure I love them but i don't hate them.  I think they are great but I am not sure.  yes confusing
5334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just put these on an Ibanez SR500 / Levy's strap setup. The Straploks installed fine on the bass, but where very tight on the Levy strap due to the thickness of the leather. No fault of Dunlop though. I'm very happy with them so far and the quality is great.
116	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not the most awesome instrument ever but at this price have to give it 5 stars, it has decent sound and seems very durable. Pretty easy to play, and they give you a little sack to put it in.

2825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sound great so far
The .88 Tortex is the perfect pick.  They are stiff enough to give you complete control of your picking, they are flexible to have a good strumming sound.  Also, with the bright green color, it is easy to see them if you drop one.  These picks are durable, and feel great in your hand.
p 615 279 RENT (7368) | f 615 279 5274
Gripes:


7650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Vandoren Alto Sax reeds performed exactly as expected. I would purchase them again. My son is in the school marching band and Vandoren was suggested by his Instructor.
17	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great inexpensive starter kit to see if you'll get into ukelele playing. This little cheap uke isn't a bad starter ukelele at all. In fact, it surprised me with its distinct "plunky" sound. Although I have other, much more expensive ukes, I still actually like playing this one!
7644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time. Item as described and shown.
6535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I used this capo for about six months, and it has worked well for me.  I found it easy to move around (it is slightly on the hard to press side, but doable), and it covers all the strings well.  It is slightly harder to use than a capo that I bought later, however.

4449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do not write ad copy for free
The screw base its a little loose. Once you unpack it will never be that tight again. I think its ok for The price.
2614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this PG56-LC to expand my existing Shure PGDMK6-XLR drum set microphone kit which already contains 3 PG56 mics, but I have a 1 snare + 4 toms, so I needed 2 more in order to have individual mics for each tom.  In my experience so far it is easier to extract good sound from drums with individual mics rather than trying to capture multiple items with a single mic.  On the other hand, I see (hear) no need to have individual mics for hi-hat and other cymbals when I use two PG81 condenser mics overhead.  The supplied cable with PG56-XLR is only 15 ft long, which even in my small setup is too short (need 25 ft), so opted for the -LC version.  These mics sound awesome, very warm and clean. The PG56s are super directional and pickup almost nothing from other drums when mounted on the supplied A50D rim mounts and pointed towards the drum head. Note that the current amazon description for PG56-LC omits the fact that an A50D rim mount is included in each PG56-LC package (I have submitted a modification request for the description that corrects this omission).  These rim mounts are just perfect for the PG56s, just mount and forget. I run all the mics into a Behringer XENYX 2442 mixer with USB interface, which I run into Studio Mini XL app on my iPad via iPad camera kit USB adapter. Still experimenting with all this but so far I have been very happy with the results.
2430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I only do test recording with this digitally to get a better Idea of my learning process from the other side. It gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw I have.

337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!!!

I am a multi-instrumentalist, playing guitar, mandolin and banjo.  Having this cable allows me to plug just one cable into the mixer, and let's me shut it off while switching between instruments without the big thump of unplugging live (or without having to run to the mixer and pressing mute).  I'm very happy with it so far.
9186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
8993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a Strong Reliable capo, holds up to many years of abuse. I recommend to any guitar player!
I love 'em on guitar, also, reducing my lead string-breakage by about 70%.
7785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good sturdy capo, camo color looks great
9961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great damper, lightweight and cut to fit well. I like how you can adjust it to fit your needs. Been using it for while now with no problems. I would recomend it.
9411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to apply. I have not used it enough yet to tell how it will wear. Fast service.

5268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ever since I had a failure on a Sh@!!3r Strap Lock (caught it, no damage) I've been using these.  I have them on all my basses, and they go on right away, or are specified on custom builds.  Never a failure.  Keep them lubed and they'll work for you.

Recently I started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that I felt like could only be achieved through a pedal.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, I used the DOD death metal for years when I first started playing.  However, there is a downside.  Go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old AM radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250.  Quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.
7301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these on a Yanigisawa T902 with a metal Runyon Quantum 8, and they work for me. You have to find what works for you. They are good quality reeds. I find very few that I can't make work with a little adjustment. And many of them work right out of the box.
6476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My wife's Yamaha classical guitar from the 70s was still being carted around in the 70s chipboard case, and we knew it was time for an upgrade. I looked at other molded cases but the price was big. I had initial concerns with the Gator because of the lower price, but this is one product that shouldn't be judged by price, it's WAY nicer and sturdier than we had hoped for. The guitar fits very well (it's a standard classical like in the picture) and there are no rivet heads or other sharp points anywhere inside. We couldn't be happier. Oh, and it comes delivered in a HUGE box that our cat has attempted to make his second home.  =-)
1700	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
5093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!

The spring mechanism makes it easy to put the capo on or take it off.
5292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	for my money the best
but some shows are very particle about having 58's. but these are the bands who know how to treat a mic.
9363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been playing these strings on my Les paul for a couple weeks and I  love the tone and the feel of these strings. But I get the feeling that they won't last very long. They are cracking at every bending and they are not as stable as more modern strings. It's a shame because I really like them but I think I'll end up switching back to ernies

5023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I know this is a great product.  I've had a set before.  I have to knock off a star because a part was lost during shipping that renders the product useless.  The product comes in a clam shell package.  For me it shipped with some heavier stuff that impacted the package and let it open some.  There are two retaining clips that slipped out and since the main shipping box wasn't fully taped up one slipped completely out of the box and is probably on the floor of some warehouse or truck somewhere.  I found the rest of the small parts in the box and the larger parts still in the clam shell package but without the one retaining clip the system is useless.
I love these pics and have ordered and gone through multiple sets. They are my newest fav for sure. Great tone, easy to hold, precise picking.
In a live application, I've used it as a vocal mic- there seems to be some debate over whether this or the Beta 58 is a better choice for live vocals, and I'd say that having heard both used onstage, I like the 57A because it cuts through the muddiness of most small venues a lot better. If you're playing a killer sounding room like, I don't know... the Ryman, it likely won't matter, but in the brewery barroom that resembled a really crowded hallway that we played the other night it made all the difference in the world over even an SM58- it was nice to hear myself sounding more like myself in the monitor. I've also noticed a few musicians that I respect a lot using it, and even Obama had one in his hand the other night while giving a speech.
3206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Solid Cases. A little bigger then I thought..
it is said that glass is less twangy. i find that this is true with this glass slide.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
2819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work very well
7956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My bari student just got a new mouthpiece and these thicker reeds make it sound great! So much better than Rico!
I bought a Dunlop medium/heavy assortment pack and zeroed in on these .88 green Tortex picks - they have a really nice feeling surface texture, and the .88 gauge makes individual notes ring beautifully.

7399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	All good.
6782	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop Ultex picks are the only types of picks I use.  They have a hardness to them that others don't....yet are still flexible.  That hardness makes your pick attack better.  If you're familiar with the old type of plastic called Bakelite, you'll know what to expect.

18	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is such a cute little instrument, my daughter loves it and the sound is good.  The only downside is that it doesn't stay tuned for very long.  We always have to go and re-tune it, which can be frustrating.  But otherwise it seems well made, it looks great and when its tunes, the sound is good.  Its not multi-hundred dollar instrument, but for kids and beginners its a good deal.
4. The Case:  The case will protect your ukelele from dust, water and from getting dirty while you are transporting it but will definitely protect the device from being damage in case of a drop.
As with any stringed instrument, the strings really needed to stretch out before they would stay in tune. So, for the first several days, it was play a few minutes, tune, play a few minutes, tune. Then it was tuning daily. After a few weeks of this, the uke held a tune great. A tuner is not included in the package, which is the bulk of the minus star because a real beginner wouldn't have a way to tune the thing. (You need either a tuner or a reference note, say, on a piano or keyboard.) You can download a decent tuner app, though, for a buck or so. Do it, because you're going to need it a lot for the first couple of weeks.
7887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
8011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My first harp and it has been a good learning instrument.  I continue to use it despite having added C harps of two other brands.  It is an easy playing harmonica and it's blues tuning is just different enough from the others that it's still fun to play.
You get the same response through every pick no matter how old it is, or how long you've been playing.
6212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several capos but none of them worked well on my classical guitar. The Kyser worked like I hoped it would and I am totally satisfied. It is made of good quality and looks good as well.
2598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a quick review - I hope to update this review later. Started looking at amps and was blown away by the sound of a VOX AC4TV (clean/warm tone). Almost ready to buy it, but then decided to see what else was out there. Began seriously considering the Fender Mustang series. Only problem is I really didn't want to keep toying with the computer to achieve the sound I knew I wanted - and I do like to tinker with settings. I also couldn't justify the great expense at this time (I think the mustang is shackled until you get the III with the interface). Kept digging a little more. How can I get the rich VOX sound I wanted? I also knew I just had to have a 12 inch speaker.. right? Wrong. My venue 99.9% of the time right now is my living room and bed room. I realized I would not be able to fully appreciate a 12 inch speaker until properly driven with 20-40 watts. I already knew the pawn shop 15w peavey rage I had could get really loud ... did I need really loud? Would that increase my amount of practice time? No - going back and reassessing... I wanted that VOX tone. Ok - but I had the VOX stomplab (see my other review... also soon to be updated), and it could make the VOX series of sounds... really nice through good headphones - I guess ok in the Peavey. Still fighting back discontent - what was it I was looking for??? Simplicity, tone, and price (and no concern for tube maintenance) - not necessarily in that order.
Secondly, it's LESS OBTRUSIVE than the "clothespin" OR "roller" types. You WON'T find yourself bangin' yer hand into it when you're playing up close to it, a CONSTANT annoyance to me with the other styles. If you DO hit it, it's not gonna MOVE on you like the other types do, and possibly go out of tune or start buzzing cuz it's moved too far away from the fret; it's gonna STAY PUT. It just plain doesn't "get in the way".
5968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it, good dirt, good tone!

1. It works. I tested in Sony Vegas pro with and without the filter. The "pop" sound is completely removed with the filter. Which means it does what it was designed to do. 5-stars. It does not affect voice volume at all, just smooths those rough edges in your speech :D
with the CPU.  If you use a desktop you can plug a new soundcard
6167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this as a practice amp for its small size, ability to run on battery power, and headphone jack. It's met those needs and exceeded my expectations in several more areas.
7698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great product
6006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fast shipping and excellent handling. I've never used a pedal of any kind so I'm not sure I'm using it right but I not getting much distortion out of it. I live in a apartment complex where I can't use my amp except with headphones. Cranked up as loud as I can listen comfortably, still not much distortion. I'm looking for something to give my Strat a fat, tight, over-driven sound with good sustain. I have a friend who has this exact same box. I plan to have him come over and show me what I'm probably doing wrong.
5740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a much better case than expected. Inside is very plush and my Epiphone Les Paul 100 fits perfectly. Outside is very clean and looks like
I've tried other wahs.  Morley doesn't do it for me, and the Vox is very good, I just have always gone with what I knew.  No complaints with the Crybaby.
6135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice amp.  I would have given it 5 stars if it had one of Rolands combo-XLR-plus-1/4" plugs with phantom power.  But, it's a great little amp for what it is, and portable, working on battery or AC.  Plenty loud for my needs too.  It won't work well for jamming with a full band, but that's not what it was designed for.
So yeah, it's a good cable, it's just that there can be a bit of an adjustment period.


4791	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This is supposed to be quick change but it is very hard to open and close. There is no way we can comfortably use this. We are keeping it since we no longer have the package it came in but we went back to our old capo after a few days of trying to get use to this one.
528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great cables; these are very sturdy, high quality MIDI cables.  can't beat them for the price. i've only had them a couple of weeks so I cant speak to their durability but, i suspect they'll last unless I use them as ropes or something.

222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Took one star because it is not as sensitive as I would want it to be (have to really push it down). But it deserves all other four, since it works fantastic when you do get a handle on how hard to push it down. It is heavy, sturdy, and doesn't move around. Great sustain pedal (using it with the Yamaha NP31 76 key piaggero digital piano). Great sound.
8415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got these after seeing Joe Bonamassa uses these. They really do feel good and help with speed. Very smooth sound.
370	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
6606	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Be aware of your guitar dimensions, as although this product description states it is 17 inches wide, I could not fit my Indie 12 string that is 15 inches wide. My guitar is 41 inches long. This case did not fit. Too short. Too bad as you can't beat the price.
[Update 7/25/10] I've had this capo for almost 3 years and it's still working like a champ! (According to Amazon's Instant Order Update for moi, I got this capo on  November 22, 2007.)

7084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made in California! First time seeing that in quite a quite a while, this thing is beautiful, plays well, and is a 10/10 build quality, you get what you pay for here. Strong buy.
3250	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't have any experience with other phono preamps, so I can't compare this to anything else. Best guess: the $500 preamps probably sound a bit better. But I have absolutely no complaints with this unit and consider it an excellent performer and a great value. Very satisfied. Would buy again.
So yeah, this is the iconic BOSS Distortion pedal, the one beginners gravitate towards because it's unmistakably a distortion pedal... it says so right  on the pedal. Soundwise, it's like the heavier brother of the SD-1. It doesn't do a clean boost; there's drive going even if the "DRIVE" knob is turned all the way down. In general, this pedal makes me think 90's grunge, like a Sonic Youth or some other band from Seattle that was big in the early 90's.
I really like them too, they are 1mm thicker than 2.0 ones, and I actually like those 3.0 big stubby more.

307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a cool looking cheap cable which works well. I bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault. One thing to consider with the cable is to tighten the connectors once in awhile. You'll be able to hear them rattle. It seems that the 'retro' look is screw on connectors over some black rubber, but other than that, the cable looks cool and works well.
Small, rugged, very usable as a practice amp, for street playing, recording experimentation, etc.  Good stuff.
4185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these all the time for various projects and they have yet to let me down with the 3 I have purchased so far.
7522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings.
Bottom line: it's prudent to have a pair of mallets in your stick bag so that you are prepared for any musical situation. This dual-purpose pair is ideal for those of us who infrequently play with mallets, but do need them on occasion. The stick/mallet design makes this pair all the more functional.
Go with an manually adjustable unit which is what pros universally recommend--a Shubb or Planet Waves NS.
339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
7099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice!
1642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good product. Works as expected
I was using Vic Firth with the grip. It cuts my fingers a little. Too much hassle.
5932	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	DS-1 as it should be. Just a DS-1. I love it.
8625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks at a great price.

Its bridge humbucker has more volume than the LP II and in my opinion a better sounding pickup, the catch is there's only one.
One of the G7 is really neat as it clips on very easily.  I really like it, but it is expensive.  The Nashville version seems to be more like the Kaiser.
4983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using GHS strings for years, and find the "Boomers" series to be the best of the lot.  You just can't find this quality tone from any other strings, regardless of which guitar you install them in.  I personally use them in Les Paul and Archtop style Epiphone electrics with the best of results.  However, if you plan on using them with a guitar that has a large tremolo system, such as a Bigsby or similar, go with the 11's or 12's for best results.
-indestructabe
The ear pads are soft and comfortable and have a nice synthetic cover which feels like glove leather and has just the right combination of grip and smoothness.
9499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good,and decent quality too. i forgot you get two of em in a package haha. came a day early

7005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hands down the best picks that I have ever come into contact with. I own the .90 sharps, the 1.0, and 1.14 picks and they are all that I play with now. I have been playing for around ten years and I tend to pick up a pack of picks every time I go to a music store or order any gear online at all. So, I got my hands on one of these at a music store a while back, and went back to find that they no longer had them in stock. Luckily I was able to find them in stock in all thicknesses and shapes on amazon. These picks will never fly out of your hand. I have a terrible problem with my hands sweating, especially when I play guitar. This causes me to lose grip on picks quite often, and these have solved all of my problems. The more I sweat, the better these seam to stick to my fingers. Not to mention that they never wear down, and they glide through your strings like a hot knife through butter. They never seem to snag on the strings, the ultex material is truly the perfect material for a guitar pick.

4516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey they work.....10 bucks to save dropping you fav guitar. Highly recommended.

4458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, works like it should
2994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These look great.  Don't over torque--well you shouldn't anyway.  But they look fabulous and the plastic washer will prevent you from scratching up your rack.
I use it for learning and practice in a small area.

- The answer is "NO".

9461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Makes the batter head last longer and sound fantastic!
5019	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cover is a perfect fit with room to spare. No struggling to manoeuver the  fabric onto the keyboard. I just remove the music stand, place it in a "good" spot on the unit and cover the whole business. Easy-peasy. The stretch makes the covered keyboard look tidy and is much more attractive than the picture. As someone else mentioned, there would be ample room for headphones to be stored under the cover as well. The cover works nicely while the piano is set up on its stand and does not compress the cord plugs, put pressure on wires and connections, etc.
8481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play metal hardcore....gotta hit strings hard, these do that well
4406	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	To summarize my review, which is kind of long: I love these martin strings on my 3 ukuleles. I cannot imagine putting any other strings on them. However, so far I have only tried Aquilas, these Martins, and whatever factory/stock strings strung on my ukuleles.
  PIEZO'S ARE FINICKY. I AM GLAD I BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE ON A WHIM, I CAN GO TO THE BEACH AND WITH THE SOUND OF THE OCEAN COVERING MY COMPLAIN IT SOUNDS GREAT. oN A WHIM, i UPHOSTERED THE CUBE WITH LEAPORD SKIN THICK CLOTH.. SURE DOES GET MANY COMPLIMENTS ON  WHICH GIVES ME A BREAK FROM PLAYING!
3462	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are amazing on my bass. They give my bass the sound that I need. when I put them on I barely had to retune my bass. These are the only strings I would put on my bass.
160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive used this pedal with our theatre keyboard and finally broke down to get my own! Very durable.

4938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thin, silky, and stretchable.  Works great!  Way better than a towel.  Just remove it before you carry the keyboard and it is slippery.
9589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	THIS LITTLE THINGS CAN GET U PLAY LONGER AND IT PROTECTS UR BASS DRUM REALLY WELL BETTER THAN REMOS PATCHES...
6733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great quality and all around great case for the epiphone lp models ,I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great case for a small price.
This machine is amazing! I'm not a drummer, I'm a bass player, but I've recorded 3 drum tracks that I am pleased with and I'm having fun learning what and what not to do. For example, mixing a bunch of patterns together even if they are in the same grouping is not something you'd want to do. Having a structured thought to follow and using Fills at the right time are things that make the drumming believable. Creating your patterns at a slow tempo and then playing them back in real time is the way to go.
5834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good guitar case, cheap and fine, I like it .
5798	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent capo.
3249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install.  I use the Rolls to connect a turntable to my computer then airplay the audio to the rest of my house.  Great for non-audiofiles.
7463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Warm, natural tone. Much fuller, vowel-like tone on single note lines.
Sometimes you have to change a connection!
After modifications, I would rate it at a four.  A solid four.
7352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this cable, and the fatter / heavier version of it for over a year now with zero problems.  Very well made.
290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pedal is made real good Not like some of the other  junk light weight Pedals I sent back., Con just a little But not a problem..  Love it. Would buy again,
9444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is one awesome guitar!  I also purchased the Fender Mustang I Amp, Epiphone custom case (fits like a glove) and Planet Waves Planet Lock Leather Guitar Strap (comfortable and very secure) which made for an UNBELIEVEABLE combination along with Rocksmith 2014.  I cannot imagine anyone being disappointed with this combination.  The only problem in my household is....who gets to play next.
1994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing sounds great will make an average singer sound great and give more confidence.

4076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the only sticks my son uses so, yes they are great!!
635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to extend my Casio Midi Keyboard to play on Xbox 360 Rock Band 3 (vs using the small RB3 Pro Keyboard).  Used with the XBOX360 Midi adapter.  Excellent Quality
5965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Comes with some instructions and is quite easy to set up.
5568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best price and plays great. I put some hot-rod pick-ups in it and pods and it's as good as a guitar at 10X the price. Just do it .{Great neck}...
8368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my acoustic
1247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality cable.
2211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like HDMI, an XLR cable is an XLR cable. No sound issues for me. The female end didn't "click" in to my PA speaker, but the male end did. I can see the ends cracking if given too much pressure, but that's not an issue if you take care of your equipment. The 50-foot length was a bit of an overkill for me, but better to have too much than too little.
2834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these in my guitar studio. They have great clarity and they allow you two still hear what is going on nearby.
3451	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is a good hard shell case, airplane safe, with strap, that does the job of protecting the tenor and isn't too bulky or heavy, It even has places for the neck and mouthpiece, and some reeds,  And the price is reasonable. Still, a lot space wasted to styrofoam, I had to add some foam padding to keep my Selmer from jostling inside, and cut out another slot for my 2nd mouthpiece and more reeds.
3692	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is probably my favorite overdrive/distortion pedal that Boss makes.  I currently own a DS-1 (old, Japanese model,) SD-3 and MT-2.  Over all, I find this pedal to produce a nice, warm and fairly natural overdrive sound.


1002	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well and affordable price. I recommend it.
4011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Price is my go to capo usually but on my Chuck Lee custom this is the go to capo.  It fits better on the thicker banjo neck
2302	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good value,good sound
9018	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my best picks, and they work great. They are really thick and it is easy pick.
4941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best deal for strap locks!
1817	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product as advertised and fast shipping. Thanks
9775	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are very unexpansive, but made from good quality plastic. They are flexible and durable. Definitely, I recommend to buy them.
2084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product
The fact is, a good guitar technician can make one of these cheap guitars play almost as well as an expensive one. You won't have the bragging rights, but you will have a useable guitar that sounds good and inspires practice.
9281	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A nice and effective case for your mics.  I wish the outside compartment was a little bigger, for cords, but I can carry another case for them and other stuff.  Real good padding.
970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS CABLE IT HEAVY AND WORKS GREAT FOR GIGS
749	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Let me start this by saying that the bad reviews need to be read from a very skeptical viewpoint.  It sounds like most of the bad reviews were written by people who had purchased this for a mic that needs a different type of cable, or who don't understand the wiring of this cable and it's intended function.  With only one exception, this cable is NOT designed for a stereo camera.  That exception being a stereo microphone that uses a male 3-pin XLR jack to output an unbalanced, stereo feed across pins 2 and 3 (with pin 1 being ground).  Excepting that very rare microphone type, this should not be used for a stereo camera.
--Then: A, D, G
Being able to range abut the room while taping and simultaneously retaining good audio is a remarkable experience. Another benefit of micing someone is that cuts way back on ambient noise. The din of voices surrounding your interview is a typical intrusion; using the lavaliere cuts out a great deal of the unwanted sonic information.
While I wish that I had a better understanding from a sound engineering standpoint so that the technical specifics could be expounded upon, I can confidently say that the Beta 58A is the best vocals microphone that I have ever utilized aside from higher end condenser mics in an isolated environment. Quite honestly, I would not be at all surprised if the Beta compared well even in confined recording situations. The bottom line is that the Beta 58A might be more expensive than its popular cousin, the SM58, but it is worth every penny. Anyone who has the opportunity should give it a chance to demonstrate its superiority. Six out of five stars!
I'm a really happy customer now.
265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good sustain pedal for my Yamaha keyboard.  I prefer the wider and bigger pedal to the narrower ones so that they are easier to find during performance.
1040	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product!
1366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this cable for its price and function,i was looking for a cable with a 45 degree end and that was much more money and back ordered so I got this for a temporary cable and like it fine for my strat,no clearance issues at all. I will probably get a couple more.shipped fast and packaged great.
128	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	It seems to me everyone got exceptional instrument except me.  I don't understand what's so great about this guitar.  Action is just horrible.  I mean, look at 12 fret its 10 millimeters.  I don't know much about classical but it is not what I would call great playability.  Of course, you can play on this guitar, I do.  But it's hard.  I suppose, one shouldn't expect much from $100 dollars instrument.  But I repeat, it's not great.  Now about bass strings.  They sound bassy, as I suppose, they must.  But the thing is their bassines overpower trebles. Trebles sound unproportionally weak. And yes, yes.  I did changed strings on a good ones (D-Adario normal tension something) upon getting this guitar from Amazon  I should say though that guitar starts to sound much better now than it was when I just got it.  But action on this instrument still kills my fingers.  I do finger pushups in order to develop muscle on my phalanges, in order, to play on this guitar somehow.  Of course, I could ask professional to fix bridge nut, but why would I do it for such cheap guitar.  My verdict-unless you want to develop your fingers, in order, to pull out nail with your bare hands, go for it.  I will send it back, and buy myself inexpensive Spanish brand.
1765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
4252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Delivered on time. I like the sound of glass as well as my old brass slide. I also like my PVC slide.
1899	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These used to be the standard, but of the 3 packs I've bought this year only a handful still work. They come apart, leaving the tips inside my pedals' jacks. This requires disassembly of the pedal, sometimes replacement of the jack, to fix. I am not rough with my gear and my pedals sit in one spot. On some of them the tips will easily pull off by hand. I say go with the nicer Hosas with the all metal jacks if you know they'll fit your pedals, otherwise find another brand... these were once good and cheap, now they're just cheap.

In one of the old reviews somebody mentioned that it's hard on the foot when you want to access the entire range. I've found a way around it. I rotated the pedal 180 deg, so that when I press with my toes - it gets more quiet, and when I press with the heel - more loud. This way I avoid this awkward foot position when it's fully muted. It only took about 10min to switch my brain and use it in reverse. And I'm not changing back - it works and it's very comfy.
3380	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I have been a long-time user of Stick Rapp, in the solid black color. Ever since a drummer left a pair of sticks behind at one of my gigs with these wraps, I have been in love. BUT, it seems all varieties aside from the solid black are distinctly lacking in the stickiness that makes the black ones so appealing. That goes for these as well. If you're looking for a wrap to make your grip more sure, even when sweating significantly, "stick" to the all-black and avoid these!
6109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I must have bought my DS-1 twenty years ago, and it was long neglected, but when comparing all my pedals I decided this was the only one that let my playing subtleties show through. Many pedals today are obsessed with ultra high gain, which makes you sound anonymous. Here, you get distortion that begins with a mild crunch near to your clean signal, and moves to a searing sound. The tone knob goes from a dark thick sound to a bright, thinner and progressively less bassy one. I am slightly amazed at how many good combinations I can get by adjusting these two knobs, and moving from the neck pickup to the bridge on a Strat. Try Tone = 11 O' clock with Gain all the way down, or Tone all the way down with Gain = 1 O' clock; two very different and useable sounds. Sometimes I wish the pedal had a little more bass response to it, and you can forget rich tube-y harmonics, but then the idea is to get a brighter, more cutting sound, so I can't really complain. I play rockabilly, '50s style rock 'n roll and Hendrix/Trower type stuff, so this suits me just fine. (And it's a standard platform for modification if you want to experiment). Recommended.
2296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good product
7961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
2222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I record musicians as a hobby, and these definitely work just fine. I have no problems with extra noise, the length is more than enough, and the fit of the ends are snug. Definitely recommend it for those who record as a hobby!
5320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work just like you want them to.  But a new strap and put these on right away.  It's worth it.
5658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised for my Tim Armstrong Hellcat 12 string guitar.  I find it reliable and cost effective.  Kyser regularly delivers quality and here is no exception.

2203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As a non-audiophile, I was not sure that upgrading the Audio Technica cartridge that comes standard with the Audio-Technica PL120 Turntable would produce a noticeable improvement. After reading several reviews, I decided to try the AT440MLa. A week of comparison has convinced me that the 440 is worth the additional hundred bucks. I can hear a significant improvement.
6122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This amp is great for the home.  I leave it set up in the living room and you don't notice it being there ... so I don't have to go to another room to sit down and play if the mood strikes me.  It also has a powerful output for such a small amp.
All that said, I will say that I like the build quality and the detachable cable.
2164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great way to save money instead of replacing the whole cartridge. Best needle in the world in my opinion and you wold find it cheaper. Hope this helped.

2478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome microphone
9958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
29	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, it's painful to play hunched over at this point in my life.  The A-frame allows me to sit up comfortably like I'm wearing a strap , but without the added weight on my shoulder.  It's pretty easily adjustable.  I find myself using it on either leg (classical style or traditional) and it works either way pretty well, keeping me from bending.  In the past, I've had one of the cushion-style supports and they just aren't the same.  You can't adjust them well enough to really use them to suit your specific needs, depending on your height, guitar etc.
BTW, there is nothing "Jazz" about them other than that they provide a very soft attack with speedy delivery.
4492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For acoustic instruments, Kyser is my favorite, great price.
9793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strap does what a strap does
9259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good deal..... :)
These will handle a high SPL so they will work for any instrument, but for drums I prefer the smaller swivel head of an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Electro-Voice-ND468/dp/B000AAQD9M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Electro Voice ND468</a>&nbsp;and other times a cleaner sounding&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sennheiser-MD-421/dp/B0002H0RBS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sennheiser MD 421</a>. But these will cost more.
3415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great tremolo effect , plastic case, so need to take care of it, but the sounds are so groovy. nice
Anyway, I gave it 2 stars because while it WAS working it sounded great through my Roland JC120.
6778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I open the gig bag, this pink Kyser stands out among the black accessories.  And when I set it down and can't remember where I put it, it's easy to spot.  I'll try to never buy another black accessory for my guitar.
The output is not high, I have to turn up the gain on my Focusrite 2i4 all the way to get the required gain, when speaking about 6 inches from the mic. But the specs say it's several db more sensitive than the SM57.
6776	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome, works as it should!! AAA Service
6132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use
6794	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Bought it to switch between two tube amp but I can't get rid of loud hum.  Further search pointed to ground loop.  Solution is to buy another device (Hum X) which cost another $50+ each.  Returning it and look for other alternative.
- Durable
Sturdy, had them for years
4103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal was exactly what I was looking for. My only complaint, if you can call it a complaint, is that it does not come with a power source. I think it should. Other than that petty item, it is fantastic. Thank you.
255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great and perfect for  my Yamaha YPT-320 which I bought used but just needed something with a simple plug in that enhances the sound. Love the pricing on Amazon and it was delivered ahead of schedule so what's not to like?  Would recommend highly.
6332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Rugged, robust, flexible. Couldn't ask for more in a momentary switch. Like all Boss products it will probably last longer than me.
5594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a cool pattern. It gets a lot of attention when I use it. Prompt delivery by the seller.
7916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Haven't got to really use it much as I'm learning, but was recommended and seems good.

I'm know there are other excellent near-field monitors out there, and there's almost no limit on what you can spend. M-Audio are highly rated, and the new top shelf Tannoys and JBLs are $1,000 and $1,500, respectively.


 If it were painted black, the boots didn't pop out all the time, and the 3.5 was strait, that would have been what I would have liked them to be.  They look kind of ugly.

3794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings , put them on my strat and adjusted the springs and the strings are thicker which sounds better in my opinion
5794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits like a glove. Love it.
It's cheaper than replacing batteries and I would definitely buy one again in the future.
$140! Yeah, it's not that much, but I expected better performance. This system is no better than the $35 Sima system, at least it did not have high pitched buzzing.
UPDATE: -- One of the inside straps came off. Turns out it's held in my a couple of tiny wood screws, and it pulled out completely.  I called Gator customer service, and it turns out these things have a LIFETIME WARRANTY!  No kidding. They're sending me a brand new case free of charge. No shipping, no out of pocket expense whatsoever.  This company is the best!
* You can tweak each individual sound. For instance, if I find a crash I like, but think to myself that I want it to sound softer, offset it to the right a little, change the pitch to a slightly lower pitch, and also make it ring on longer, ALL of this is possible.
Update #2- It's June 2010 and I use this Daily...for real. They are both (6 &12) my only capos and they are fantastic. To let you know, my 12 string I use a capo fulltime on the first fret since I tune it down to relieve string tension on the 12. So I just love these capos and they most likely will last forever.
I picked up this Beta 58 based on a friends comments about it and couldn't be happier.
I like the grip..period and the flex from a .73. Picking a pick is a personal thing. It depends on many factors. Gauge of guitar strings...the quality of guitar..style .etc.etc. You have to try them. One person's pick flex might not be the other persons pick flex.
2638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The first rule of microphones is that, "No one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  Rule two is, "Experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  I've used Shure SM58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  I primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but I have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.

5148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had Straploks back in the 90's when I toured with our band and they were fantastic back then. The quality now just does not seem the same... They work well, but just don;t have the same MADE IN THE USA quality they used to. Unfortunately, this is the way all companies seem to be going these days... save a few bucks in manufacturing... sacrifice the quality of the product in search of a few extra $$ in profit.
9166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for mini mic system!

554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and does the job!
1544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I wish I had a soundboard that only had XLR. this works, you should not need it.
1027	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So far so good. Took it on the road and have had no issues.
I hear it's good for vocals as well.  When the President gives a speech, the SM57 is there.
Note: This is not an assorted set.  The medium-light picks are light green.  You receive 12 picks in 1 gauge.
2518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the #1 mic you should get, recording or live, instruments or voice, it always come through  with a great sound and seems almost indestructible.
Features:
I'm loving the fullness, spaciousness, and somewhat warm but detailed sound of this cartridge. It did not come out as bright as other people have said.. Man, this one cost as much as a piece of a new turntable, but it's worth every penny. Save up and get this one, you won't be sorry.
1124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect as Described !!!!!
1. The connectors are HUGE, and silvery-gray.  I guess that makes it distinguishable ion the bottom of the bag though.  I have one guitar with a recessed/angled cord jack, and this cable is too big to fit into it properly.
- Not as comfortable as the DT770 (which is clearly tops and can be worn as long as you like)
1676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yup!  It works.  I use this (I know I shouldn't) to split a signal between a JAmHub and a TASCAM mixing board used for recording.  The first tracks we layed down are good sounding.  I did this because I the JamHub sends a single signal to the board and I wanted to be able to work each instrument.
244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	have had it 4 like 3 years and still kicking
5770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo does exactly what it should.  It clamps the strings tight to there is no buzz and it does not change the tune of the guitar when used.  I have 4 Kyser capos, one for each of my guitars and will never buy another brand.
I can't quite comment on how long they will last. I've used them for a couple of months now with no issues. I've been frequently re-arranging my pedals and haven't had one fail yet. I've also left them in a hot car with no issues afterwards.
1377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the wrong XLR cable on Amazon and when it arrived, I saw that I was going to have to send it back.  Well, the restocking fee was more than this "gender changer" so I just bought it instead.

So just be aware that this may work fine for some and not work at all for others. I went to Sam Ash music and found a similar adapter cable, heavy duty, and with a longer cable for the same price. It pays to shop around!

9888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fave thickness. arrived pretty quick
3745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lately I've been using Boomers as an alternative to EBs. I've found that they work well and sound great. They hold up on a Floyd that gets a lot of use, so I'm a fan. I have no problem other than I wish their packaging was a little easier to get into!
3684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing is awesome. You won't use a wah all the time when playing, but when you do there is just something about it thats super fun. this pedal is sturdy and reliable, put it in the front of my chain and works great. I loaned this pedal to a friend of mine and he walked up to me the next day and said " how much was that pedal?"  so i told him and he said " ill gve you cash , im not giving it back" anyway i got it back and he had to drive the 30 mins to get one. Thats how cool it is though just don't loan it out, you may not see it again.
5787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Got this to replace the same model that I lost (later found) capo and I like the ease that it works.
-------------------------------------------------------Below applies to the AT100E----------------------------------------
2762	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Received it in time, standard blister packaging but the cable stopped working after 45 days. Since I was out of 30 days return time, sent an email to the manufacturer but no response till today.

667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems so far after about a year
2149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect replacement for an aging stylus.
I took some photos, and you can tell this is little smaller than regular Dunlop picks, but it is bigger than Jazz III.

9533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
7530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Vandoren ANYTHING is worthy of its high reputation.

4598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I bought my guitar they encouraged me to try different strings to find what I preferred.  I thought that was crazy.  I just wanted 'the best' but now I realize what they were saying,  it's very subjective what you prefer by the weight, sound, finger callouses etc. As a beginner I did want something easy on my fingers but having toughened up a little I'm experimenting and finding more or less satisfaction with the different brands.  This one has a warmer sound and feels basically painless even with only about 6 weeks of callouses built up.  The best I've tried so far.
9689	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It looks like a guitar, sounds like a guitar, and plays like a guitar. I bought it to use until I got something better, but it sounds good enough to use for a long time. It will need to be adjusted as it came with the action on the high end and the strings will need to be replaced.
6868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it but want the donkey version, no thanks to Donald, Ted, Jeb or Marco. Fabulous shape, feel, point, weight, flex, holdability, tone. Maybe the second fastest of all the picks I've used (after the Jazz Ultex III's), you're gonna love the control and how fast you forget where the point is.
95	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a professional piano technician and part-time musician. I use this mic (plugged into a Boss Micro BR recorder) for recording band rehearsals and gigs. It has a very nice clear, "transparent" sound quality and handles high volume levels with no problem.
6421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i am the second coming of kurt cobain and jimi hendrix.  behold
Before owning this instrument I had doubts about Epiphone, always thinking of them as inferior to Gibson. Wrong I was!
1174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Solid adapters that have a great back shell so that there is flexibility on the bend radius. Great for gigs where you need to split out the signal - like using our Bose L1 system!
9656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You simply can't go wrong with a Kyser capo, period. The colors look great, it really stands out from other boring capos :-)
1947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was given a record player by my father Year ago. Unfortunately it had no stylus on it. It is a Technics SL-Q350. I use it almost everyday now because all the best songs are on classic Vynl. All I need now is a nice slip mat and ELP's brain salad surgery album and I am set.
If you want a great Tremolo for the same price, get the Donner Golden Tremolo. It's sturdier, smaller, and actually can be heard.
5470	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love Ernie Ball Super Slinky strings, so when I bought my Squier Stagemaster 7 I had to purchase these, they sound great and feel great and will last around 1-2 months if you play everyday like I do, these are great strings for a great price. Highly recommended.
2187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several acoustic guitars. This is one of my favorites for the simple reason that the string action is excellent for a stock inexpensive guitar.  This is an great guitar for the beginning player as the strings are set low on the neck. There is no difficulty in fretting the strings. The Yamaha FG JR1 3/4 size acoustic guitar has a nice feel to it when holding it in my lap. It is very lightweight and has a beautiful finish. It is a good buy and sells currently at the local Guitar Center with/bag at the price offered via Amazon. I give this little guitar 5 Stars.
3164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ultimate Support is known for top end gear and this stand reflects that tradition.  I've had Ultimate Support speaker stands for decades and they have never let me down or needed any type of repair.  I use this stand with my electric bass guitars and it works perfectly. What I especially like about this stand is how compact it is when you folld it up for storage or transport.  It's a great product in all respects and I highly recommend it.
Plugged it in and ran my Ibanez Ts9 with it and I was hooked.
5881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Roland DP-2 Footswitch is very simple, robust and not millimetrically, but enough to use. You could use it on music effect processor like v-amp or another pedal from roland.
5624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gone is the strip of pantyhose/nylon stretched over a loop made from an old coat hanger....  My setup looks that tiny bit more professional....
6294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for 40 years and tried all types of picks. These are my favorite for several reasons -  Primarily for the tone off the strings. Smooth and Natural.

After spending a few hours playing the Blues Harp in G and trying to learn an Irish Jig, and then returning to my Special 20 (also in G), I quickly discover that on the Special 20 (with its plastic comb), it requires far less effort to maintain a seal with my lips and I get a much more solid single note sound for my efforts. I blame this on the wood comb on the Blues Harp not extending out to the front edge of the reed plates. I assume this problem exists because Hohner expects the comb to swell with time and use.
9779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best pick you can get
I'll take my chances with D'addario
My guitarist (both of them) are jealous and are now planning to purchase the EHX Small Clone after playing through my board and they have TCE Corona and the MXR M234...
3509	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to play with to be honest.  I found it for $80 in a local music store because he'd had it for two years with no interest.  At this writing, it's $110 on Amazon.  I'd pay $80 all day long... not sure if I'd pay $110 or not.  But it's a good sounding pedal to me.  No, it doesn't turn a guitar into a bass but it's not bad!  Overdrive sounds pretty good too.
The price was just right, only a few dollars more than a replacement headset, and the specs are even better looking than my old gaming headset. These are semi-open headphones, so others may be able to hear what you're listening to - but I usually run my computers at 21 volume because I have sensitive ears (I hate loud volume, unlike every one else in my family who are all 100-volume users).
* Do not mistake the very common D'Add EXL120s (9s) for the EXL120+ (9.5s) sets
6030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I picked one of these up and to my dislike, the posts holding the tail piece popped out. Well, some epoxy fixed that.
1267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
3212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As far as the rack goes, this is fine. Just be sure you're okay with one this size.

3267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally a mic that works for me
505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It suits my desktop recording needs perfectly. I would definitely order other cables made by Hosa. All in all a very good cable.
Tweaks: What some folks do is stuff cotton under the ear pads to lift the pads up a bit, away from the ears. Using cotton supposedly stiffens the pads up a bit, but the results are worth it. My adapted solution was close, and reusable.
1921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent all around solid performer. When compared to a stock Shure 92E, this Audio Technica 92ECD stands head and shoulders above the stock Shure in terms of high frequency response-cymbals etc. I'm sure the narrower elliptical stylus helps. However, a Shure M92e with an upgraded stylus gives this AT a good run for the money. No, the AT's not as "neutral" sounding as the Shure, but, to my ear anyway is also quite balanced. This is a good basic upgrade cartridge. It's not an "audiophile" contender but reproduces music nicely, well beyond most basic cartridges. Good "universal" value especially in that it can be used as either a P mount or standard. Have a listen, you can't go wrong for the price.
7428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent


8955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits nicely on my mic stand and hold a butt load of picks. It is quite tight on my picks, but I imagine it will loosen slightly as it gets used.
3532	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very Nice
2969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm never sure about something if I can't look at it before buying, but they worked out just great.
7092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product
7881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work nicely for me. Plenty of tone, last beyond expectations. Shipped on time with no surprises.
Keep it real, keep it Gibson!
3046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great for the price, would buy again.
6289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a decent capo for electric and acoustic that was easy to use and didn't cost a fortune.  This was just the ticket.  If you need a capo, you need not look any further, pick this one up and you'll be happy.  Great product and a great price.
If you want a solid gigging mic this is great for the price.
UPDATE #2: OK, after going through the book I binge-watched the DVD. It consists of two segments of about 33 minutes each, each segment subdivided into easy-to-locate chapters that follow the pages of the book. It's really very good! The "instructor" (and remember, I bought this four years ago so this may have changed) was musician Julia Jordan. Production values were good, and the multi-angle views of playing were helpful, as were all the play-along segments. Minor quibbles: Jordan played a larger ukulele than the one in the pack, so you can't hold it in the exact same way. And it seemed like the songs were keyed to a higher register than her natural speaking/singing voice (you can hear her singing her own songs on a special feature and she's very pleasant to listen to).
6115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use it all the time.  Excellent design.
751	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use these in my Rack system and have not had any problems over the last 4 months I've owned them.

6456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to change strings.  Sound is excellent.  Uke tunes up easily and holds tone better than other strings.  Appears to be a quality product.
189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these flat FC5 sustain pedals.  They are much more durable the standard pedals.  Although I still have an original Yamaha pedal that I purchased back in 2002 and it still works perfectly till this day, I'm a little more partial to this one now.  I've been using this pedal for 2 years now and I haven't had ANY problems with it.  I bought this one to keep in my laptop gig bag, in case of a faulty pedal when I do gigs out.
2465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Still as good as ever! This is the same make of mic I used thirty years ago, and it's still the standard of the industry for mic-ing amps.
7253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these reeds for 45 years.  They are of consistently good quality.
6848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this capo. It works well and it's stylish. Plus, as someone else stated, the boys don't make off with it.
But...verify the dimensions of your keyboard first.
1608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does The Job Dope!!!
6815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I picked up a new amp a few months ago, and I decided to try running two amps together. After a bit of research, this pedal seemed to be the best and most economical way to accomplish this. As I expected, I experience a bit of signal loss, but it is so insignificant that I really don't notice it. As a bonus, I realized that there are a lot of very cool things I can do by selecting one amp at a time as well. I have not run it with 2 in and one out, but I assume it would run well in that configuration as well.
8586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice thick pick, almost feels boutique, I use these in pair with gravity picks, great for bass, and guitar. they do wear out after a couple weeks though

8975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are okay strings for the Folk Guitar.............nothing special but the price isn't out of the world either. Good buy for the money. Tried them on a Gibson J50 and they seem to do good.
Kyser is an absolutely wonderful company to work with and they were very accommodating and I appreciate that and I will continue to support them and use their Capo happily, butt I just feel that it comes ever so sure of that 5-star because of that one option.
9748	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They make my guitar go boi-oi-oi-oing like it's supposed to.

1906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Solid.  Good price.

1848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These last better than other brands, but I wish they also came in graduated sizes. (6-8-10 in.)
9805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm still learning, but after comparing it to others in stores and of my friends I like it more than most guitars that are 3 or 4 times the price. They obviously needed to take some shortcuts to make such a nice looking, well built, quality sounding, easy to play guitar for this cheap, but they are mostly inconsequential. For example, the pick guard just has a printed logo instead of the metal Epiphone applique found on their higher end models. There isn't a built-in tuner but you'll have an easier time tuning with an external tuner anyways, I love my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Snark-SN-5-Tuner-for-Guitar-Bass-and-Violin/dp/B004XNK7AI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Snark SN-5 Tuner for Guitar, Bass and Violin</a>, it's cheap and easier to use. Also, there isn't an amp output on it, but it can play very loud acoustically and if you're starting out it's unlikely you'll need to amplify beyond that anytime soon. The only reason to pause before buying this one, is if you want to use an amp or a game/e-learning app like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rocksmith-2014-Edition-PC-Mac-Cable-Included/dp/B00D6PTMHI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rocksmith 2014 Edition - PC/Mac (Cable Included)</a>, you'll need the amp out and a modern PC or game system, and you'd probably be better off with a cheap Epiphone electric. Also, the strings seem a little lighter than some others I've tried, it seems to me that this makes playing notes easier, at the expense of a little string buzzing until your technique improves.
7799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work just like they are supposed to.
It is a tool that every vinyl collector should have.
1563	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I had to turn the volume way way up when I use this to the point of loss of fidelity.
1157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality!
8749	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected, superior quality and good grip and striking tip.
- Altogether this little adventure has cost me more than I originally thought it would.  I'm glad my guitar is playing correctly now and should last me awhile.
6497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and exactly the right device for lighting.

The Good:  Been spinning with this cart and stylus combo for several months now.  The tracking is on point.  If you're a turtablist or spin DVS (digital vinyl), this is a excellent cartiridge and stylus combo and you'll love it.
8334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent picks.
6092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always used kyser capos and they're great!  Not much to say but if you need a good capo this is the choice to make, I like the design and ergonomics of this capo a lot.
5764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My LP fits perfect
In summary, if you're looking to spend under $1300 for a pair of monitors, check these Alesis Monitor One Mk 2 out. There's a lot to love about them, and not much to critique.
971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice cable. Exceeded my expectations.
2913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When we added on-screen hymn lyrics to the Mass at St. Mary's Church, my duties as choir singer and sound engineer suddenly included PowerPoint projectionist. I need a microphone that does its job without getting in the way, but it also has to be where I need it when I turn my attention from the audio mixer to the computer. Since I sit right next to the gear, we didn't need the expense of a wireless system (along with its appetite for batteries), and even a wired condenser headset mic was out of the question, budget-wise. For the money, the Shure WH20XLR is a gift from audio heaven.
4507	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do not write ad copy for free
If you have an aging guitar with dirty/crackly sounding pots, this is what you need.  Don't get the other types that will dry them out - this one is specifically formulated to leave the right amount of lubrication behind.  As little as it took to do the job, i can imagine this can is like a 100-year supply!
5641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
Because in every way, the Beta is a superior design when compared to the original. When you purchase a vehicle you know darn well that the cheaper model will get you back and forth to where you are going and that the more expensive model will please you even more while you're doing it.

5439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are used by John Petrucci, which says a lot. I have them in my Ibanez 7 string guitar, and my guitar plays like butter! Awesome quality. I always have a couple of these in my guitar case and I change them every 5/6 months.
The price is unbelievable. Just buy it. I'm happy with it.
Every other brand of classical guitar, regardless of the price, did not hold up to the sound of the Yamaha guitars. I'm not saying the other brands did not sound good. What I'm saying is the Yamahas sounded great. Should I ever decide to upgrade to a better classical guitar, I will stay with Yamaha.
Reasonably good setup


7715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great inexpensive capo, works well every time
4928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	BY FAR the best distortion pedal out there. No doubt about that. Several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. I also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. It's great for medal. It have a nice punch to it along with a great "cut" so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. There are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. AMAZING
3127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use it everyday. Holds my guitar well
Summary: This guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument I own. It sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. IT's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. The frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical Affinity or Bullet (2 squiers in this price range).
841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far so good:)
672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my Yamaha EX5 keyboard to connect to my Motu Audio Hardware. they work great and built well also. I like HOSA products in general because they have a great quality and competitive pricing.

7934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We have this under the sub for our PA and it makes a drastic difference in the clarity of the audio.  It de-couples the sub from the stage, so no more rattling.  It also takes away the "muddy" low tones and really shapes them into more clear notes.  If you don't already have the Auralex MOPADs, pick those up too.  PERFECT COMBO!
Really good quality.
6730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchased the 6-string Kyser capo when I meant to get the 12-string version (slightly longer, stronger spring?), but find that this 6-string Capo not only works great on my 2 6-string acoustics, but also works on my 12-string acoustic with a little adjusting.  Quality seems top notch, design is simple and effective.
- Two anti-slip strips on bottom
1245	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice cable, especially given the low price.  Don't be fooled by the pictures however.  I thought the "white section" right before the plug on each end of the cord might be strain relief of some type.  It is more like tape.  If it had some type of strain relief this would be five stars.


6172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have had one for two years and no complaints, needed another for my travel guitar.  The lever arm is coated with a soft plastic sleeve which protects the neck, the spring is firm and in 2 years has not given up any tension. Finally on the string compression side the material is firm yet supple.  I take particular caution to make sure that I don't leave it on anything that would indent that material permanently...

4032	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo is pretty flat, so if slides into the case very easily. It also does not get in the way of playing for me, I have small hands so that might be another reason why. Now it takes a little playing around with to correctly place on the instrument. The capo does not come with instructions but is pretty self explanatory, it just takes a little bit of playing with to sound correct. My soprano and tenor Ukuleles worked great with this capo without needing to play with placement. However, my mandolin required the capo to be in the just right spot in order to work. I found that clipping the capo on as far across as I could did not work on my mandolin- but by clipping it back not quite as far and rocking the capo a little I was able to get the capo in the right placement in order to work. Once clipped in the just right spot, it sounds amazing!
474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid quality!
1689	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well and no noise

9755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite capo. Worth the extra money compared to the others.
2899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At 55 ohms impedance, these headphones do benefit from having an amp---unless you don't mind having to crank up the volume on your laptop (I have used them with two Thinkpads and one Asus).  With my MP3 player (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cowon-C2-16BS-16-GB-Video-Player-Black-with-Silver/dp/B005C3GYE6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cowon C2-16BS 16 GB Video Player, Black with Silver</a>) I have to have the volume at 35 or higher (40 is max) though it sounds fine without an amp.  Anyway, I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/FiiO-E07K-Andes-Portable-USB-DAC-Headphone-Amplifier-Black/dp/B00A9LHLQ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">FiiO E07K Andes Portable USB DAC Headphone Amplifier, Black</a>&nbsp;on the way, so will update this review when it gets here...am expecting/hoping it will be the icing on the cake.
2205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was a little leery about this cable, because of the price vs. length.  Guess what, it has been working GREAT!  I've used it a number of times in recording sessions that spanned through the whole house and am very pleased with it.  Feel confident buying this cable.
7732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Industry standard bundle sticks produce quieter drum sounds very well.
I am playing through a small modeling amp (Fender Mustang I v2), and usually play with some light effects on -- so I'm not going through a sound system where you might really discern the difference between these inexpensive cables and a high end cable (I might be wrong about that, but wouldn't know since I've never owned a cable more than $25 before). I briefly considered a fancier cable, but honestly haven't felt like anything was missing given my current setup. If you are of a similar mindset, you won't miss out on anything with this Hosa cable.
8916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I admit I'm not the guitar flatpicker some of my friends are, but I find this pick to be perfect for picking mandolin.  The picks have almost zero flex to them, meaning the player has solid control.  I like 'em--even if they are purple.
9602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product at Great Price.  Love the add on option from Amazon as I do not have a music store locally. I will use the option as I can.
864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks great with my J-45
I'm learning mandolin and tremolo suddenly it got a lot easier with this pick. It was easy to hang onto securely without having to have a death grip on it, which makes for the light controlled picks needed to do tremolo a lot easier. Also I've found I was getting more consistent tone, but that might be due to a few extra days of practice.

7962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Capo works well but it is really not suited to the younger player. I got it for my 11yo who plays classical guitar and he had a very hard time putting on and taking off the capo. The spring did not get even marginally softer after a year of use. This could be a plus if you are an adult but I've replaced it since with a screw tightening version.
8310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The .73mm are my absolute favorite picks for strumming.
245	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	so far so good. the pedal that came with my piano quit the first day I used it so I bought this to replace it.
9342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My experience so far with these strings has been very good. I put them on my ESP LTD-EC10 and they really made the guitar sound better. It sounds more like an expensive guitar now. I have tried Ernie Ball regulars and D'Addario lights. Both of those are good strings and I liked them both for different reasons. However these Gibson Vintage reissue take it to another level. My guitar sounds more full bodied, and beefy. Crisp and in stays in tune better than the other strings. The nickel wound strings are better than other nickel wound strings I have used, including the ones mentioned above. Gibson has a technique that is unique to their strings. I think it makes them a better string.  They feel really good on the fingers. People say these strings last a long time and time will tell for me about that. I snapped a 1st string (E) right away when tightening it with my locking mini Grover tuners. It broke right at the tuner. But that was the tuners fault (or mine) not the string. I am going to order a couple more sets of these as I think they will be my go to string from now on. I like em. My wife noticed the difference in sound right away.
BUT one competitor shares the great tracking ability together with the nice look of quality manufacturing, more natural (and non-fatiguing) treble, AND substantially lower price. The Denon DL-110 delivers more natural tone and staging, including generous tracking and freedom from the irritating treble tone of this Audio Technica cartridge. The DL-110 is a better performer for a lower price.
6385	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First capo I've used, but I can't think of anything to criticize. The stars and stripes theme is done well. Paint was done nicely.
8474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive used this very pick for 30+ years. great product and very consistent
9365	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gibson guitar strings are the best.
3994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've got a MXR MC404 CAE for my concert line pedals... but this one is the one I use for local gigs and home use with Fender Telecaster and Hot Rod.
7790	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These rods we're a great price and preformed exactly as I had expected. I just might have to order some more.
931	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We all know good guitar/bass cables are ridiculously overpriced - but this one isn't. What it IS is a solid, quality cable that's noise free and looks great. I use mine three times a week for gigs - and the thing's SOLID.
236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these for a midi controler that I use for looping audio samples, and have set these to record and play the samples. They certainly have a hefty construction, and feel like you could back over them with a truck and nothing would happen to them. They are only switches, so there's not much to them, but the one piece of information that I feel I must pass on is that they don't have much travel, so they would not be a great option as pedals for a keyboard (they would work, but not well).
5810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best and strongest capo I've ever used.

4365	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	.I BOUGHT A UKULELE  TO GIVE AS A PRESENT.  I KNEW THE STRINGS THAT COME EQUIPPED  ON NEW MUSICAL STRINGED INSTRUMENTS WOULD BE OF POOR QUALITY SO I PURCHASED THESE MARTIN STRINGS AS A REPLACEMENT.  I'VE USED MARTIN INSTRUMENTS FOR MANY YEARS, AM FOND OF THE MAKE AND QUALITY OF THE MARTIN PRODUCTS.  THIS WAS AN EASY CHOICE FOR ME. THERE ARE OTHER EXCELLENT STRINGS AVAILABLE.  THIS JUST WAS MY CHOICE THIS TIME.
3.  Liquify your sound and give a beautiful tone to cleans and leads.  This pedal will help simple parts that would normally go unoticed stand out.  If you play any kind of Christian music you will soon learn it doesn't matter what you do as long as you put chorus on it.  Walking in on Sunday morning and turn out some Slayer while using a chorus pedal and they will go nuts.  Chorus is just one of those effects no matter what type of music you are playing, you will always find a use for it, so there is no excuse for not adding this pedal to your rig.
6423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These pickups sound really good! The one thing that I immediately loved about the pickups, is it's clarity. They are well balanced, strong harmonics and can cut through a mix. I've tried many different pickups the last couple months, and these are by far one of the best I've heard. I'm using these in a PRS SE Custom and EVH 5153 head and cab.
8297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it's good

2477	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works great, good mic for the money.
9990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality strap. Paired with Ernie Ball Super Locks and you can't go wrong.
1. You have to make your own grip if you need one, which you probably will. They don't slip out as easily as say, a Fender plastic pick, but nontheless will move around if you're being harsh on it.
2304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality microphone. Rugged. versatile. Take it o every gig.
65	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best bang for the buck.  Great bass for a 10" speaker - perfect for singer/guitar player plus I use it as my monitor for the rock and roll band.  Excellent quality.  Enough inputs to bypass a mixer but I still use a Yamaha to fine-tune the sound.
7396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If your not sure what to buy you are prob looking for the light strings. These are a littl ehard to play.
3335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	While the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SM58LC-Shure-SM58-Vocal-Microphone/dp/B0001ZWBL0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone</a>&nbsp;seems to be the running staple for live performance vocals, and rightly so due to its comparative value and amazing quality in sound and craftsmanship, the Beta 58A needs to be given its due. The Beta 58A is an amazing dynamic microphone that might alleviate some of the stress associated with its more cost efficient cousin. That is, the Beta 58A, in the confined live scenarios in which I have utilized it, has demonstrated a much broader sweet spot and completely eliminated some severe feedback issues. For vocalists that like to pull back from the mic a touch to really belt those sustained high (or, really, any) notes the Beta is a dream. This same effect helps if one is experiencing sibilance or "popping" complications and needs to sing past the microphone as opposed to directly into it.
9836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this is the only pick i use and i love it, it shipped fast ... came in a little bag
8732	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
Initially, I gave four stars because the ink smeared a little on the green ones. So, I washed my hands and also washed the dozen new picks. Washing them with a little hand soap appears to have taken off the excess ink. The logo did not wash away, but the excess ink appears to be gone.  I have been using them more than a month, and I have had no further smearing of the ink. So, I changed my rating to five starts, just wash them before using them. The yellow ones I washed before using them and saw no ink coming off and they have not smeared.
2805 bransford ave

The tuner feels kind of lightweight and flimsy, but it seems to work okay.  I have no thoughts that it will break soon unless I'm rough with it.
162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	DOES NOT WORK WITH LINE6 Equipment. Not Yamaha's fault.
1404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nothing special - just a regular instrument cable.  Decently durable, decently inexpensive.  Sounds fine.  Nothing particularly special though.  At least HOSA is a brand name that I've used before.
6368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The grip is excellent. But I prefer the 1.14 Sharps over these. These are sturdy and look like I won't be needing another set for quite some time
You will have to judge for yourselves.
3029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	OCt 22, 2011  Received the light quickly.  Although the specifications list it as a 6 inch light the outside plastic lens cover is much larger.  Its big and bright.  The specifications list 15 flashes per second but the actual light is labled with 10 flashes per second. It does not flash very fast but it seems good enough.  I've ordered a backup light bulb just in case.
7723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used these to replace the no name strings i had on a violin i recently bought. They sound very good for a beginning violin! I accidentally snapped 2 of them just because I had no idea what I was doing but the strings are high quality!
5441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These 7 string's are really great. Ernie Ball is always my top choice for clean, very crisp sounding strings.
For acoustic music, this thing is fantastic. Absolutely blew me away when I first played back the audio.

1735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	i bought these mics instead of the q4s. besides the lack of the on/off swich,these r just as good if not better. just onething to look out 4, the pic isn't 100% accurate there is no seperate place 4 the adapters they just come in the mic clips themselves. also don't buy if ur looking 4 a good quality case.this one is basicly plastic and styrifoam
9104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love the tortex picks in this gauge & @ this price!
4656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work.  I have a set of these on all of my guitars and bass. I can easily change guitars while wearing the same strap. These don't attach with a nut like other brands of locks so there isn't a chance that the nut will come loose while being active on stage or while you are busy playing. These are easy to install and they WORK!
3221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have had this rack out on 3 rehearsals & 1 gig so far & found it perfect for my needs. It's fairly light weight and that was my biggest concern since having a heavy wood case previously. The replaceable rack mounts may seem funky at first... but I was able to adjust them to fit all installed equipment just fine- just use the screws that hold the rack blade. I also like that there is a rubber seal in the groove where the end caps seal up... hopefully keeps contents dry & dust free.
You can't go wrong with choosing these as on stage vocal microphones. I have 3 of these and 3 PG58 for back up or for miking amplifiers or instruments. The on-off switch is a good feature so noise won't go through when you don't want it to (during breaks, when talking to band members, etc.)
8309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how you could really improve this pick. Its great. Super rigid. I don't know if Ive ever worn down one of these picks.
31	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Where have you been all my life? This should be standard for all classical players. (Get the cheaper one though.)
I recommend it.
The Gibson is the best guitar I've ever owned and made my previous comparison based on it.  But this little baby is now my second favorite.
Overall, this is a nice case, and at the $115 price point, cheaper than the SKB.
2335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best microphone in its price range
207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works great!  So much better than the cheap plastic pedal that comes with the Yamaha 650 piano we bought.  Other people have commented that the pedal is stiff and too high off the floor for their feet.  I think it's just fine.  Couldn't be happier with this purchase.
7286	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I first opened this I was really frustrated with how the song function worked, then figured out how the pattern mode work realised that it worked better than what I had expected Song mode to want.  Also under the system setting you can (and should) disable the tempo changing with the pattern and also (through this is more to taste) to disable that the drum kits change with the pattern. Very highly recommend that you get two footswitches for it. I have two different kinds of pedals so is visually easy to tell which start/stop and which switches between A to B. If you have a multieffect pedal that takes MIDI CLOCK in, is very cool to set that option and have the Drum machine send tempo controls.  This way with the A/B pedal you can control the tempo synch on pedal. I am using a Line6 M16, which is also awesome, but took me a while to fall for.
640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Exactly what I needed.
6939	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
1999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For females singers it's the way to go - much more clarity over a Beta 58.
6392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are just picks, fast shipping, nice material, not a lot to say about them, they are not the softest nor even the hardest picks out there.
8121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best guitar capos on the market.  I've been using Kyser capos for years and would highly recommend them.
3617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound and crisp clarity!!!! Awesome!!!
4657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work! Hold my strap into place and do their job
9260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These really provide that vintage Gibson tone onto your guitar. You really can't go wrong in trying them out! Well balanced and sweet. Not Tinny at all. Very full and warm!


2366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A solid entry level mic.  Not as much gain nor is the shock mounting as good as the SM58, but better than anything else I have found at this price.  Best as a mic for spoken word use, but not bad as a vocal or instrument mic.  On the other hand if you drop the $$$ on say an AKG-535 you will notice a huge difference.  It is a dynamic mic. so it has to be used in very close proximity to the source, so don't expect it (or any mic like it) to pick up much once it is more than a few inches from the source.  Pretty rugged and reliable, and the cable isn't bad.

30	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has to be one of the best investments I've ever made, barring my case to protect my baby. It folds up and fits in my case just barely, but more importantly it does what it's supposed to do - help maintain proper form. I used a foot stool for awhile but I always ended up getting a little kink in my back that still hasn't gone away completely. The thing just works - I pop it on and my guitar just sits in my lap, ready to play. The black strap on the bottom is rubberized so it doesn't slide around on your leg. I've gotten a lot of people who ask me where they can get one. I can't believe Guitar Center doesn't carry anything like it.
6077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Growing up my friend had one of these and I almost instantly fell in love. It's really easy to use and the sound is great! If you're looking for an overdrive this may not be the best pedal but for good old distortion look no further! the metal construction is solid and I never really worry about it.
The Tri-Action Capo keeps every string in tune, while giving a great tone, unlike the sharp, harsh tone that the Kyser produces.
There's additional storage in the front and back of the case. The front pocket has a "net" type of pocket which is great to put quick repair supplies, has slots for pen and ample space for a mic and other accessories. The back pocket is the right size for sheet music.

It also folds compactly - it arrived folded in a plastic pouch that measured 9.5" x 6" x 1.75".  Considering the dimensions stretched over the keyboard, how small it is folded will give an idea about just how thin the material is.
8308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently switched from standard-sized picks to the Jazz III picks.  My accuracy is SO much better now.  I recently tried one of my regular picks and it felt uncomfortably huge.  I mean... HUGE!  And awkward.

9298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not expensive and good quality
7604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Didn't see a huge difference between these and my old/cheapo Red Label strings.
1177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised.
5298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my guitarist husband. Works great, grips the strings tightly and he uses the curl at the top to hold his cigarette. Great for changing keys mid-gig without having to retune a guitar and great to match my key as a singer. Bought one for a friend in a different color and have several friends who want me to order more like this for them.

It may look like a DS-1, but the MD-2 really is its own beast, and I like it.  Some people may prefer the more fashionable ST-2 Power Stack, but I think the MD-2 is underappreciated, especially for bedroom/casual players who want some thickness to their tone.
2503	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the good old studio essentials. Nothing better for the price. Will last you a lifetime.
5098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play a Gibson J45 as my main axe.  I've tried all kinds of strings and in general do not like the coated versions that have become popular.  The Gibson came with a set of Gibson strings on it naturally, but I still tried a bunch of others.  I play every day, but ALWAYS put a new set of strings on when I play a gig, and if doing several gigs in a short period of time may only let one set go for two outings.  So, I am willing to spend money to get the sound I want.  However, I want them to deliver too and these strings just do.  They have that right blend of bottom end and punch I want.  The J45 is a rosewood version and it begs for that full sound that these strings can deliver.  They feel good, they last (if I put a set on and don't gig for a couple of weeks they hold up to daily use), and they have a good balance of tension and playability.  So, for this guitar and another similar style guitar these are my strings of choice.
I find they protrude from the guitar a bit more though. So far I can't find a down side to that. There may not be, but it's worth noting.
2072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
7284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Excellent
6391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work well for me on 10 and 11 gauge strings.
5384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have these on my Jazz Bass, my guitar player has another brand. We were playing a HUGE downtown street gig in Altanta and were throwing T shirts to the crowd. Bending down, picking them up, then throwing. My guitar player had a different lock system, and his $1000 Les Paul fell to the stage, completely knocking it out of tune. Mine stayed locked perfectly...
2408	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	2 of these have been used every Friday for karaoke for over a year now. The only part that has had a failure is the XLR cable that came with them, but I consider that still very good consider people are idiots and swing the mic's trip on the cables etc.
9078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These 1.0mm Dunlop Big Stubby picks are a transparent candyapple red color - nice! They are a tiny bit shorter and fatter than Dunlop Tortex standard teardrop picks. And they're made of polycarbonate plastic and polished glassy-smooth. This makes them glide across the strings quickly and smoothly with almost no resistance. I prefer to have a bit of friction like Tortex does.
8255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Dunlop nylon picks are awesome!  They feel great and give a great sound!
The Boss TR-2 is the simplest of the three stompboxes to operate, with three controls: "Rate" of modulation, "Depth" of modulation (how much does the volume vary), and a "Wave" shape (jagged, square, or somewhere on a continuum in between). Unlike the other Boss stompboxes I own (CE-5 & PH-3), the TR-2 does not seem to compress sound so that it seems like you're "playing in a fishbowl" (as another reviewer puts it).
Not much else to say, they're pretty much like any other guitar picks. I've never had one tare or crack on me, but that's rare in the first place. I mostly get them because I like the texture, and prefer the picture of the rhino to the turtle. Stupid, I know, but that's my reasoning.
2512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You cant go wrong with a 57 for cab miking.
6464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like it, it works well with my takamine acoustic jasmine s35 guitar. And it looks good. Overall, I recommend.
What I don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. They don't
6134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play a dulcimer and when we play for large groups, the amp is necessary. The dulcimer has a very soft voice. This unit works perfectly for my needs and has all of the control I require.
4169	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cheap, perfect for my home recording set up. Works perfectly
4434	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Beware the tension.  It's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard.  Finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness.  It's also huge.
2150	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed this in an ION turntable to improve the sound over the included cartridge. It makes records sound much more full with less surface noise and reduced pops and clicks from scratches. Smoother tone and slightly higher audio level is obtained from the installation as well. Includes all the hardware, needle, needle guard and four new wires for installing into an existing or a new tone arm shell. The needle guard can stay on the cartridge and flips up for use, down for needle protection.
4419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
3903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm not a jazz player, but wanted something for lower volumes in smaller venues. These do the trick just fine. Don't get the same depth out of my drums, but that's to be expected.
9987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	when i got the guitar, the string action was way to low, the strings was touching the neck, so i adjusted the truss rod, not matter how high i made it still getting buzzing or muteing sound the 3rd string up on the 12th fret, i still like it though, but next time ill get my guitar from guitarcenter
280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got it to use with my new Nord Stage keyboard.  It didn't function at first, but my boyfriend rigged it with cables to reverse the polarity and it works fine now.
It works by correcting the time shifting of frequency and amplitude that results in envelope distortion. This correction is wonderful for music that depends on vocals, mic-ed acoustic instruments or low volume electronic ones. For studio use this is another tool in the engineer's box. Also, it works exceptionally well as part of the sound system for roots/Americana, traditional blues or jazz ensembles on small stages.

So,if the dimensions of your keyboard is like the virus kbd,go for it!
1644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works

9347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Narrowed it down to these,my favorite picks of all time.
8175	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using them for years.
3156	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I do not recommend this product. This guitar stand was great. It almost fit in my gig bags and was fun to open. I wasn't very delicate with it- I would hold the small back leg and flick the unit so that the other two legs would flip out. It's much easier to show. Yes, I could have treated the unit better, but I'd bet that a lot of folks open it the way I did.
3079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good mic, nice to have a variation of the classic SM 57.
7740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!  Always making the most consistent and best capo on the market!
8965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is not the "best" capo I have in terms of quality, but I have one of these in every guitar case.  A lot of capos use this same design, but the Kyser seems to last a lang time, with no change in tension,  Now that I think of it, I don;t even know where that expensive G7th capo is.
6766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are excellent sticks.  I've been through many pairs and settled on Ahead sticks for their durability and shock resistance.  However, the tips kept unscrewing leading to gashed heads and the grip area is limited.  Enter the Pro-Mark oak!  I loved the balance and feel of the hickory 747's but, they didn't last long.  I went on a whim with these and it was love at first swing!  They have the volume and durability of an Ahead with the balanced feel.  I suggest taking your favorite style of whatever stick you're using and try it in the oak.  I've tried several and keep coming back to the 747N.  My only wish is that they reissue the oak natural finish series(Also a fantastic series if you prefer hickory).  If you're looking for a stick that hits harder and lasts longer, go for these!

7219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using a Stevens for 25 yrs, the feel of the Dunlop is way different and nice.
4945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	To be honest, I was looking for a pedal that would give me distortion similar to Megadeth's first album KIMB. So far I havnt got a perfect setup on it yet, but ive got close enough to it. This pedal is great, only a couple notes I should make about it. Do NOT buy this pedal if your expecting to play classic rock, or just rock in general. This pedal is for metal. The battery drains like a MF. I don't understand why. The only possible explanation I can think is that I leave it plugged into guitar and amp, but ive had other pedals that wouldnt drain the battery unless its TURNED ON. I prefer just to get an AC adapter and not use batteries. Other than those few things iv had no problems with this great pedal.
6019	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this pedal. I run it through a tube amp and it sounds great. I use this pedal if I want a little more dirt with some chunk! Awesome pedal for the money. Could not be more happy, but that is what you normal get with Boss!
8375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's kind of hard to screw up a pick holder, this works exactly as its supposed to.
2554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far have used it as a microphone for my high hat.  Captures a nice crisp sound, just what you want from a high hat.  Now occasionally on closing the high hat, there's a little bit of a thud, but I believe this is more from external factors (i.e. hollow floor, positioning of mic in relation to the edge of the high hats), not from the mic itself.  Another thing is it's plenty sensitive, as it picks up noise from the high hat when I lift my foot to open it all the way, the sudden stop when it opens creates a faint ring.

7136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing functions perfectly and it is beautiful. Very satisfied with this purchase. Highly recommended.
2. The cable itself is somewhat stiff.  It's probably because it has better shielding properties, but it's more difficult to coil than my other Planet Waves cables.

I'm going to throw on some flat wounds and see where that takes me.
4793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've used other capos throughout the years along with this Kyser. I'm always coming back to this one. Depending on how you use it and treat it, it will last you a long time but the pad will eventually wear out on you. Personally, I never leave mine clipped on my guitar when not in use for long periods of time since I believe it weakens the tension. Great product and quality over all. It hasn't let me down. There is not tension adjustment, which I would have to say is a negative. A Capo does have the ability to wear on your frets over time if you constantly use it and you don't have tension adjustment.
Easy to bend, hold tune really well
8890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Holds my picks in place  nicely... snaps on 2 microphone stand firmly...  Never come up short again...  Its just a nice accessory to have and cheap too
I compared tensions when first considering this approach, and it was clear that the highest tension nylon strings are comparable to these so I did not think I would have trouble with damaging the guitar; that seems to be confirmed after a few years of this configuration. I did need to work a bit on the nut (compensating it a bit also) and the bridge hight. But now I always reach first for this guitar rather than the D-35.
Last post for this item.
3234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	so far - so good. we will see how the locking mechanism holds out over time...
3686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace my old original wa wa that I bought and gigged with back in the late 70's, which had become a little too noisy.  Works great, but I'd expect nothing less.
8109	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	----------Hohner Blues Harp:
6906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These seem to be a god balance between the very rigid picks and the floppy nylon picks.  It doesn't stand up to too much playing if you have some heavier gauge strings on, but they are durable enough.
1948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have this cartridge on my Technics SL-D3 mounted to a Supex headshell and it plays very well. A bit of a pain to install, what with the oddball mounting screws and nuts, but once you get it installed, the sound is worth it, especially at this price. Blows Grado Black out of the water, at less than half the price. Can get a bit sketchy with higher frequencies though, but then again that might just be my speakers (which need an upgrade).
The circuit breaker button ("integrated Mute Switch for silent instrument changes") on the right angle portion of the cable allows you to turn the cable off, so to speak. So if you need to switch to another guitar, or if you are late for a sound check and everything is plugged in already, you can easily get this cable connected (with the circuit breaker on), plug in and then "turn the cable on" by pushing the switch again  avoiding angry looks from sound technicians who hate it when you cause loud pops or hissing & squealing.


3827	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is my first pack of boomers. Normally I string up with  electro harmonics strings, but these have been surprisingly a good fit. They're not quite as bright as the EH but have seem to last a bit longer. I don't know about any extra output but they seem to ring well. These will be my new alternative when the EH strings are not in stock.
So thanks for that.
2991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent rack screws with washers. Its fit very good to rack holes. Good presentation and well packed. I will buy again.
4859	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Meh... sent it back, had better.
8628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Do yourself a favor and buy loads one time!! That way when you drop them and they disappear to whatever other dimension they go, you won't be as upset.
4948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good

3651	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
8645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dude it's a plastic clip that holds guitar pics why are you even reading a review of this seriously it's not a philosophical peril like the Fermi Paradox, Jesus.
7896	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice capo.
2722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	In the immortal words that John Cameron Swayze used when hawking his Timex watches during the early days of live television, the Shure SM58 Vocal mic fits perfectly into that same category.
7048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  Especially on acoustic.  These are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  They have a long life and do brighten your tone.  Freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape.
6551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome. I like to put the capo on the first fret and when I play a song I made, it sounds really really good. The capo is very easy to use as well.
2804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a mic cable connoisseur but so far these cables are working great! Arrived quickly and are delivering quality sound so far!

3246	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just as other reviews have stated, this preamp does the job and saves some room in your rig. Simple to use with no settings options, it converts your phono signal to go into your receiver.
With ALL that said, this is a great solution that I can not be happier that I discovered by research and reading other reviews on Amazon. I hope mine helps you make your choice-you won't be disappointed. 5-stars!
6038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazingly, the product works perfectly, I recommend it to everyone.
886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
2413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there.  Its all just so much marketing garbage. These mics are the best mic for the buck out there.  Anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a**.

If I can compare these 2 headphones (as they're all I have to compare eachother with),
Because of this we did not get to test its durability--it may well be durable or it may not. But it was not tall enough for me to use with my band.
2169	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The legend never dies. These are mythical scratch cartridges. From Q-Burt to Z-Trip, they have been used at least a few times to light up the house with the Tech's attached. I have been a DJ and hobbiest for 15 years, have taught turn tableism at Sam Ash in KOP Pa, and have competed in DMC San Antonio 2010 under a different DJ name and took 27th over all which is ok with me, but far from perfect. Right now my shop is closed up but I am getting back into the groove of things and ready to DJ again and again. I never leave for a gig without these in case there will be a throw down of DJ skills to pay da bills. I know that other DJ's have talked trash to me before about being a rapper and DJ but so was Dre when he started and now look at him. These DJ tools will allow you to get the respect and gain the skills you want from the anti skip tech which comes stock in all Shure cartridges and stylus's. They kick @$$ hands down and the name speaks for itself. Get these while they still make them. And somebody call Panasonic and say YOU NEED TO PUT TECHNICS 1200 & 1210 BACK INTO PRODUCTION!!!! WE NEED THE QUALITY BROUGHT BACK. Thanks again Shure for being totally Shure about providing a great DJ tool to remain an immortal legend handled by mortals. I love these joints and so do the other real DJ enthusiast out there. Sincerely,
5126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great! I'm having a lot of fun with this little instrument.

688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Better quality than a lot of other similarly priced cables
Edit: I ended up recording some albums on my Sony ICD digital recorder I bought here (love it!) to put on cd. This needle really does the trick, especialy thru my Sony amplifier. Of course, I had to fix the speed digitally, and tweak some pops & clicks in my computer recording software, but still worth the extra work needed.
2967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	wrong size screws for my SKB road case, but will work on my other road case.
1966	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good mic, for interview.
7326	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	While this is a very cool looking cable, it is quite stiff and curls and tangles up on itself, and wraps up any other cords nearby in the process. I would not buy it again.
Packaging & Strings:
Construction-wise, it's a brick. Simplicity of operation was important - modulate the amount of " Wah Wah' with the rocker foot pedal, which she likes better than the spring loaded pedals. Her 9V adapter fit and works perfectly, too. She said 'Be sure to give it 5 stars... I love it!'  Like her Strat - it was made in the USA - great! Her amp and cables came from the PRC, however.
7511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sax reeds
319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very nice guitar cables from CALIFORNIA CABLES! Bright red shows up on stage. No noise cables. Lifetime warranty. 18 feet long. They are made very well and should last for quite a while. Thanks guys! Get yours now at a great price. Get a couple for the musicians in your life for Christmas! HO! HO! HO!
4359	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Second pair I own!
8304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it. It matches my guitar
6342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love these but I think they are a little too pricey. They are higher priced than the average pick.

I must honestly admit, the edge goes to my Gibson, but not by as much as you'd think.  This little Epiphone is an outstanding guitar, regardless of price.  If I were to play them each blindfolded I would never guess one was $149 guitar, ever!  The tone of the Epiphone is much like the Gibson Les Paul.  It's easy to play, comfortable and has a sweet sound.  I can either rock out with it or mellow out and play the blues or classic rock.


9127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very excellent product that I did not expect this quality
2466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love using this microphone with a foam cover for vocals on my acoustic guitar amp! I prefer the sound of the SM57 to the SM58 for this purpose. Plus, it's suitable for so many other things. I've used it to mic my snare and hi hat, as well. Great at taming these harsher drum sounds.


7515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A definite upgrade, over the original strings, that came on my Violin. A softer, sweeter sound...
Flat frequency response without being entirely lifeless. Clear instrument separation regardless of the relatively minuscule soundstage compared to other open headphones. Again, very flat frequency response and good for mixing - though actual accuracy is a tad underwhelming. For actually listening, the mids are a tad too powerful by comparison to the low end for my taste - and I am by no means a basshead - but it can lead to some over-sibilant vocals and harsh cymbals overtaking the high end. It would be inappropriate to say that they're not top of the line for the price you pay though, as I'm truly nitpicking and wouldn't have expected them to sound any better.
All said and done though, its a great learning guitar. The way the notes resonate so well with the mahogany to where you can feel it in the back of the guitar is beautiful; it literally lets you get a feel for the instrument and the wonderful music you can make with it as you learn and grow.
7108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Complicated to learn, but sounds good.
8522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These picks are nylon, so each one will last you a couple of years (as long as you don't lose them!!) this is thicker than the .60mm, so you can dig into the strings a little better, but still a hair flimsier than the Snarling Dogs .73mm picks (I know, they're the same size, but trust me these are "flimsier"), and the grip is ok. You can't go wrong here.
9114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I tried three of these on a whim and they impressed me favorably. In fact, they were so good that I purchased ten more when I went back to the same music store. My favorites are mandolin picks like Golden Gate or Grisman "Dawgs". The round side of the XH Dunlop Gels gives me a similar attack and a nice warm tone. I would recommend these to anyone.
4582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent strap locks
9202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these for acoustic guitar.  Pretty thin and allow for a loose grip giving a nice percussiveness to strumming.  Tightening grip allows for louder arpeggiated playing.

No traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission.
648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelent product. Just the stuff that I was loking for my camera to use with a microphone...
492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and simple to use just plug and play for use with Xbox 360 Rock Band 3 Midi PRO-Adapter
6645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice balance.  I use this as practice sticks on a practice pad for some added weight compared to my usual sticks.
8004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say other than it does one thing and does it well/
8009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice sound, and even though I can't play it (yet) I can already bend notes right out the box! Wait until I can play...damnit I'll be good!
8973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been a fan of very few drumhead brands and styles. The Evans G2 make my drums sing. The tone is perfect and the mid-range attack that they produce has allowed me to use them with the multiple bands that I play in. I need versatility as I am playing in 5 bands with music variety from big band to rock, pop, and country. Highly recommended all around!

4961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a great pedal, sound really crunchy, I got a peavy vyper sometime I use this If I want a crunchy style, but the amp I got is really good and has its own distortion styles, I use the heavy metal config on this pedal, I recomend it to anyone... does not introduce noise, I run it on the stock battery, it still works, you can make your guitar sound like Metallica or Megadeth, of course it also depends on a lot of things, like pickups, amp, etc..., I also have a very old little peavey practice amp, this blows away the distortion that it has with less noise and gives it a new life.
9313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm by no means a great guitar player. I wouldn't even say that I'm okay. Bought this to learn on and so far it's been a blast and I feel it was money well spent. I'm using this with Rocksmith on the PC. Arrived packaged well and no dings or scratches on the guitar. The only thing I did though was throw on a different set of strings before playing.
5032	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is very easy to position and works very well.  The mount is strong and secure.  The flex portion seems durable.
456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works
8848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very handy product! Works great! Great for performing artist! Great purchase!
463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	:)
the only thing i was slightly upset with was the fact that it was a very tight fit.
8604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had them for a bit now and wanted to wait for a while and put them threw wear and tear. I must state I am so happy with how they had held up threw a massive workout I put them threw on a everyday useage. solid structure and fast response. Totally saticfied.
7557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
6410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What else can I say?  Personally, these are the best I've used.  Grip is impeccable and they're pretty durable for the most part.
2416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sure SM58s microphones are the best in quality you can get. They are a workhorse, and very reliable.

2314	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	nothing expectacular
4. Has a 3 way switch to change which "Pick-ups" are activated when playing. I have a Fender Deluxe 112 Plus Amplifier, and let me say, when I plug in this guitar, it just sounds incredible! It plays so well! The average person would not recognize that you're playing a starter guitar. My daughter got me the player pack combo which came with the guitar, a head stock tuner (a tuner which clips right on the head or top of the guitar and allows you to tune to the specific standard guitar tuning, EADGBE), guitar cable to plug in to an amp, a 10 watt amp, picks, a guitar strap, and a "gig bag" which is a soft case. An incredible value, and she got it right here on Amazon! I would recommend getting a hard shell case if you take your guitar places as a "gig bag" tends to throw the guitar out of tune. Not too much of a big deal because it came with the head stock tuner.
5844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It just works. Does just what it is supposed to do, and never fails.
7393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Vandoren reeds for years.
2862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So far I've used these to mix some guitar tracks and I will say these are pretty flat headphones to ally speaking which is great.  They aren't super comfortable but they are not uncomfortable.  You almost forget they're are there which is a good thing.  The only reason I didn't give these five stars is because of the feel.  The price was right for what I needed and I'm very happy.  I haven't used them for causal listening but that's not really what I bought them for.  I have some LSTN headphones that I really like for leisure music listening but those are too scewed towards lower frequencies to reliably mix anything even when doing a rough mix.
The compression LED indicator is very useful for making sure not too much compression is applied. (my old dBx 266 did not have this feature).
1005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well priced, aesthetically was exactly what I wanted with my black and white contemporary set up. Good quality too
1531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked as advertised.  No problems.  Used it for a mic cable extension.
4228	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The snake on this pop filter is not very sturdy, it will fall down and bend when I try to position the filter over my mic.
1013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product as advertised.
Basically it has been impractical and unusable for me due to constant sliding.
4729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good capo.
5411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love slinkies!  I've tried many alternatives over the years, and I keep going back to slinkies for the feel and pliability.
Straps falling off is not the primary reason I bought these. I wanted the simplicity and quick release when I pulled my bass out of the case I wanted to be able to quickly have the strap on and on securely. I really like the thicker leather straps which can be difficult to pull on and off the instrument and doing so makes the connector less and less secure. These solve that problem.

4840	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. I'm going to order 2 more sets.


5499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried other capos...and they may seem appealing for some little pick holder or new kind of spring, but none of them are as easy to use, look better, LAST LONGER, and hold tune like Kyser. I've still got 2 solid black ones and a "drop d" capo from kyser. I bought one as a backup, which I will never probably need...these capos just last...the spring, the rubber...it's all still holding up 12 years after i bought them. Now...why did I buy this one? BECAUSE IT'S BEAUTIFUL.....Same great  quality, but this rosewood version is just great, pops on stage and matches on of my guitar's finish perfectly. So, if you are in the market for a capo, grab a quality one from Kyser...if you want one that also makes your fellow musician friends jealous, grab the rosewood finish. Thanks to Kyser for the "if it ain't broke" approach to the function, but continuing to create new products we desire!!

1339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I previously bought a fender cable (30 bucks!) and it started crackling and popping. This cable? None of that. I also previously bought a rotosound curly right angle cable and that works just as good! Seriously, cables have no need to ever be 30 bucks for 10 feet of wire ... both products do just fine alone in a studio or when I'm jamming with my friends! This runs through pedals cleanly and into my amp. What else could I ask for? No complaints. Cheap doesn't have to mean cheap ;)
5329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a priceless piece of my gear.  I am so trained to tap the mute button before unplugging my instrument.  Fantastic feeling, to never hear your speakers pop when swapping instruments!
3336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like to make my own cords (especially since the AT cables are so long (36") and on my Les Pauls (I prefer the right-angle plugs for my LPs and the straight plugs for my Strats) I only need about 12".  However, at this price, the assembled cord costs less than I could purchase the necessary parts (the Hirose 4-pin connector, alone is $12 + shipping).  I have several of these cables and they all work perfectly.
3424	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're the only bass strings that I ever use.
I can't think of much to gripe about, the whole K series was very well thought out. I would love to incorporate a Ksub at some point as the crossover function is built into the entire line. These speakers aren't cheap at $700 a piece but you'll be paying for quality and design that cannot be found elsewhere.
8388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks for my acoustic guitars. If I am playing late at night I will use a lighter Dunlop nylon (.46 or .60)  but prefer these for everyday use.
9343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hard to go wrong with Gibson strings....Everybody has diff tastes when it comes to strings.....find ones you like and go with it
-seabgb
6173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a well made capo and works great. No complaints on this purchase. I would recommend this product and it has a great price point.
7473	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Son loves this brand.  Great reeds :)
I choose this one over the L.R Baggs just because this one has no feedback, and I prefer de Humbucker pick ups.
8248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my drums sound great
5297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these Kyser capo's all the time; I would rate them 5 star, except the spring on them will eventually break, thus you need to get a new one to replace it.  I have replaced at least three of these in the last ten years or so - yes, I do play four separate guitars, thus the high count, BUT, if the spring was higher quality, they would last forever!  Still, this is my "GO TO"  capo!
7338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. I only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. It sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. The controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. I have played "boutique" chorus pedals, and the Boss is loads better in every way. You will not regret this purchase.
7963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Don't get me wrong: I'm glad I bought it, and it works. However I live in a town home where we share walls on each side, and I had to put my guitar amp on this and another layer of acoustical foam to sufficiently attenuate the bass from traveling into the structure. I would imagine that this would work best with a smaller amp (I have a Marshall JVM and 1960 cab) on a rigid surface, such as concrete.
3578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Like the title of the review says, this guitar is really an incredible bargain. I got it for my first guitar ever (specifically the package that comes with a cheap starter amp, guitar strap, and everything) and I always find myself coming back to it. For the price it can produce some wonderfully crushing heavy sounds, especially with tuned down 12-gauge strings. The neck pickup is low and heavy without getting that muddy, and the bridge pickup is decently trebley without overdoing it or sacrificing rock tone.

I wanted to be able to remove them when I move, so at first I tried this 3M Super 77 and sprayed it on the back of the wedges, then put it on the ceiling. That was a DISASTER. I came back the next day to find all of them all on the floor, and I had used the spray generously. To fix this, I sprayed the wedges again, and I also sprayed the area of the ceiling where the blocks are going to be, with adhesive on both ends, it works a lot better.
6513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a little hard to open, but that could be a good thing because it'll be sure to hold down the strings. Also, this capo is just a little short. It barely holds down the sixth string on my classic guitar. Sometimes, if I'm not carefull I can actually miss the last string and have to regrasp. So, it's definitely not a quickly moveable capo, until I master it.
American Dj Supply M-800 8 Inch Glass Mirror Solid Core  $16

540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, performed as advertised.
4303	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	the gooseneck became loose above the lower mounting and i can't tighten it up... kind of disappointing !

9351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are very good picks.
8535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these pedals good buy
2807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this package! I have been playing electric guitar for quite a while, but I wanted to try the bass. But I did not want to pay too much since I did not know if I would like it. I found this package being sold by American Music Outlet for less $ than the bass can be bought without the amp elsewhere. The guitar is beautifully finished, and was well set up. (I got the sunburst.) To me it sounds good as well. The amp is sufficient for practice. The bag is NOT padded, but if you are careful it can be useful for transporting the guitar. Other than the unpadded bag I got exactly what was promised. I have owned a Silvertone Les Paul guitar for a couple of years and have had no problems with it, so I expect this bass will be of similar quality. I haven't been playing the Les Paul much since I got the bass; I am always playing the bass. If you have not already been playing some sort of guitar, you might need more instruction than is provided by the DVD included in this package. I have been playing mostly by ear and am having a great time.
Works every time. A must have!
8735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These strings have a lower tension than conventional strings of the same gauge, which means that it takes much less finger pressure to fret them, making the guitar quite a bit easier to play. The strings also cut into your fingers less. If you have a delicate vintage guitar that you still want to play, these strings may be just the ticket to go easy on the neck and bridge.
1977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Had this little guy for about a month now and I LOVE it. I have it going through an Alesis MultiMix 6 mixer. You do have to crank the gain but the mic is super quiet. As stated, the wind screen is tiny and WILL get lost (speaking for myself). At that point I think the pads off some old earphones could work. I think I've even seen replacement screens on Amazon. A low battery light would be nice, but no big deal at this price point plus those batteries are cheap as chips. They seem to last as well. Although I have extras on standby, the original battery hasn't been changed. Keep in mind I don't use it every day, but I do use it regularly. I think someone here said they got about a year of  use... I can believe that. Your mileage may vary.  I have a cheap Panasonic SD camcorder that is being replaced with a better HD model. Partly because of this mic. Construction seems solid. The wire is really not an issue to me. Glad they made it extra long....I mean if you're gonna give me a wire......Sound and pick up is amazing for the price. Use it to do voice overs on my videos, interviews, video chatting. A $2.00 adapter turns the mono signal to stereo to make my audio software happy. So far, the best value in my little home studio.
7310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great sound thanks
1896	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. Don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price I am very happy; I'd buy more for sure. I would probalby uses these for gigging as well if I didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.
5531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great for quick key changes.

4953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NO MORE SLIPPING
8664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are very cool.  I am using them on my little beater parlor size guitar.  These strings really brought that little guitar to life.  Great tone and they are easy on the fingers.  Good bass response and the highs ring true.  They have an interesting feel and are holding up very well to frequent  playing.  I love these strings.
7697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Besides being a drummer in a rock-and-roll band (with three exceptionally talented ladies! -- how cool is that???!!!!), I am also the percussionist for my church, at both services each Sunday.  These rods are perfect for cymbal work, and also for snare beats, where sticks would be too much, but brushes wouldn't be enough.  They are simply FANTASTIC!

3940	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos are the best I've found.  This one was bought for my mandolin.  It was the quality I was expecting for a very fair price.
My other one is still working well after several years of use.
I took back one star because on a mahagony guitar I bought these for, the Dunlop screws require some drilling to seat properly. You cannot use the original screws because the heads are too wide to fit in the barrel of the strap lock post
Also, I feel my guitar should fit more snugly inside the case similar to how my Gretsch G5120 Electromatic fits inside its Gretsch G6241FT Flat Top case. My Gretsch G5120 has a snug (almost tight) fit inside its G6241FT case which allows absolutely no wiggle room.
Anyway, besides that, they seem to be decent enough quality.

3407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Okay, so you have to change these a bit more frequently than other strings, that's why they cost less for a similar sound.  The plus side is that you can boil these strings like any other to extend life out of them.
159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm guessing it works.  Found out my keyboard doesn't have a volume pedal jack, but the one I am buying soon will--so I kept it.
Hint-Get the Snark SN-6 Ukulele Tuner. It is small and accurate, and makes Tuning a breeze.. which you will be doing a lot of the first few days. If it don't sound right to me, I just check it with the Snark. KEEP THIS FOR THE NEXT UPGRADE
2816	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Not satisfied the product did not work. The sound keeps cracking.
6750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ordered one of these Gig Bags for a new Les Paul - the hard shell cases are back-ordered, and I didn't want the guitar just sitting attracting dings and dust.
7066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great even after all these years! 24-bit samples... very nice. I am tired of being dependent on DAW for everything.

1985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent microphone. It has a very good quality sound. I am a professional musician and singer and I would strongly recommend it.

3622	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for C# and C tunings on my 1989 Seagull S12 12-string.  Inexpensive and sounds great.
5990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pedal, if you want more crunch the overdrive gives with significantly low distortion. I play blues with lower gain setting.
6051	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ok this bass is pretty good for it being short scale and only $200. It's one of the best you can buy in the price range. I do recommend changing the strings, but I do that with all new basses. Not bashing this one, it's good, but I believe a better choice is the fender affinity jazz bass. It's got a better tone and more tonal options for the money. This basses tone (at least with the Ernie ball strings I have one it now) is a little on the bright sounding side. Nothing wrong with that, but I do like the tonal options for the fender jazz basses. However, the fender jazzes aren't short scale unless you buy a jaguar (which are also pretty good) so yeah. That's my take. Definitely a good bass for the price. Just keep your options open for other short scales and see what will fit you better :)
5022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality; does the job well. Difficult to move with one hand, but not impossible.
6458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i got pink cause nobody would steal it, and we all know how often capos get stolen from people pink is great
On my Pearl Masters Series Mahogany kit - clear EC2's on top, Genera resonant (reso side) on toms, EMad on both sides of bass drum, coated G2 snare bater, hazy 300 reso side (wood snare) (all hoops die cast) coated G1 snare batter with hazy 300 redo (metal snare, 2.3mm hoops).
3691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You truly can't go wrong with the Boss OD-3. It's got that great vintage tube breakup sound, while never sounding dull or stuffy. I wish I could say the same for my in-laws. I've had a few pedal board setups over the years, and this killer pedal always makes it way into my lineup.
4465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the way that I can remove the strap and allow for using with a large variety of straps
7858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product.
901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THE TWEED JACKET! IT GIVES THE CORD EXTRA PROTECTION FROM GETTING STEPPED ON. LOVE THE MOVABLE VELCRO WRAPPER. CAN ALSO USE IT TO WRAP AROUND SHOULDER STRAP FOR EXTRA SECURITY. LOVE THE REINFORCED END CONNECTORS. PENNY FOR PENNY , THE BEST CABLE I'VE EVER OWNED!
4714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't hesitate to purchase this guitar. I paired it with a fender Mustang I v2 and it's the ultimate practice combo!
I regularly played a friend's Gibson back in the 70's and always regretted not buying it from him.

351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as advertised and on time.
Lows are all still there too, and I can brush on any drum now.
9036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like to pick hard and feel the response. Floppy picks aren't my style. These get the job done for metal and fast picking.
8681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
4393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can not find a better quality guitar than this one for the money! I'm a Fender guy but Epiphone got it all right on this one. Whether you are a beginner or a road burned guitarist, this one is a definite "have" in your arsenal!
3887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this product.  Received in a timely manner.  No hassles.  Thanks
430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good price. Works great.


5459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
4036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My sons favorite brand of drumsticks.
4663	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly and well advertised.
2920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for the past 15 years playing with bands and I can honestly say that this is the mic for me!  I like it so well that when it finally gave out (after 14 years of service), that I purchased another one and it continues to give faithful service to this day.  I have yet to have a feedback problem with it, and being a guitar player, I move around quite a bit and it has never been a problem.  I would highly recommend this for any musician that wants a quality headset mic without breaking the bank!
2273	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use Guitar port exclusively for recording. I have been pleased with the results. The guitar amp modeling is decent but, I like the bass amp modeling a little better. Some of the guitar amps sound pretty good, some I don't care for, for example the "58 tweed B-man" is supposed to sound like a 59 Fender Bassman. I own a 59 fender bassman and the software amp model doesn't do the original any justice. I did add the fx and bass packs and have not regretted the additional purchase. The bass pack is very useful.
ETA:  Note that this recorder is the *Baroque* version, which is what my kid uses in school.  This means that the low F is split fingered (fingers down on left plus 1&3 on right... and yep, two fingers is good enough to sound in tune and easier to learn for beginners)
7107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
49	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Don't bother, it doesn't fit well and is cumbersome to use. The one I got, one of the tabs (green) doesn't stay in the locked position and must constantly be adjusted. However if you want to learn to strum with rhythm you can learn 4 chords and several songs using those 4 chords. Throw the chord buddy in the trash and look for an Ez-chord same device, much better stable usable.
6877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid, sturdy case. Fits the Epiphone Dr-212 perfectly. Interior material is very nice and soft (would like a blanket that felt like that) and the storage compartment for picks, strings, etc is very large.
8705	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not my style for what I play (rock).
- Only negative is that it does not have the expander. I don't need that feature anyway.
So. I read more reviews and decided to try these, it said "Studio" headphones, I assumed long periods of use and comfort when I first put them on. But again, I was unimpressed, they mashed my head and ears like I had a head mashing machine installed. But with some tweaking, they have grown on me quite a bit.
6729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a number of these and they work well and hold securely.
8293	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always like the Dunlop nylon picks.
9404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using these since caveman days.
2136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	awesome
Hohner has been manufacturing, handcrafted, high-quality harmonicas since 1857. It is the preferred instrument of choice for legendary performers such as: Sonny Boy Williamson, Little Walter, Bob Dylan and even John Lennon to just name a few. Yes, you pay extra, but Horner harmonicas are worth the investment. They don't make cheap harmonicas.
The only cons I can find now is the weight, it starts to get heavy after 3 or 5 hours standing up playing.
4306	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	a good basic filter. not the highest quality, however, it's a good little starter filter!! definitely better than nothing :)
I don't know anything about the 87A for instrument OR recording: my only experience is on-stage as a vocalist.
6254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing guitar for 5 years and have had this capo for almost 1 year. I ordered the white and it looks great on my guitar. I love it! I don't like screw-on capos, so I've only ever purchased quick-change capos. I can't compare this to other types of capos, but this capo beats every quick-change capo I've had or used. I play guitar almost everyday and this capo shows no sign of wearing out anytime soon. The strings don't buzz, the sound stays the same, and I notice a very minimal amount of strings stretching. The ONLY complaint I could think of was that the plastic "sleeve" that goes around the area where the capo touches the neck of the guitar slides off occasionally. But that's not a big problem at all. I definitely recommend this capo to any guitar player!
8477	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love jazz picks and Dunlop makes the best. Great feel, great tone, great control and a the bright color makes it easier to find should you drop it. As a bass player I don't use picks often, but whenever I do, I use Dunlop jazz picks.
9324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Capo
Usability-wise, it makes my life so much easier (but not by THAT much) and I have a much better confidence in its ability to hold the guitar. I'm sure anyone who's been strapping/unstrapping knows that there's always a chance that you didn't focus enough and the guitar slipped out of its strap holders.
Mine is the 9v-powered model, not the AA. But it has proven well-made, light and easy to use.
4846	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Never buy this. 10x better pedals for the money (See boss ds-2 or pro-co rat). I have this pedal (It was given to me) and I never use it. Don't listen to good reviews.
9914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos have worked well for me for years.  These new colors and patterns just make it a little more fun to use.
3967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the jewels of hi hat cymbals and the price was fantastic.  They were a gift to my son and he cannot wait to
9508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if you beat em ad and fast these will last
9634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Only brand of picks I've ever used, can't fix perfect.
9599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound & feel excellent.


7680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Haven't found a bad reed yet. Was surprised at the ease of producing soft and loud
But if you're a home recording studio dude or dudette, and you are recording a vocalist,
6532	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bought for a gift, person said he likes it and it works good
It's also effective. The fabric has a silky feel that appears to have a high thread count of some synthetic thread. It will completely keep dust off the top surface of your keyboard, which will gunk both the keys and the electronic controls. Also, it's relatively simple to keep clean: either vacuum it or go over it with a duster.
These are well-priced and will last quite long!
9401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tortex picks last.
7870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this is a really good chorus pedal - but the 9v power input jack is the 1/8" or whatever size it is (small).  so if you are planning to get a 9v power supply then choose accordingly.  it comes with a 9v battery, however.
4849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My guitar teacher suggested I learn to play harmonica since I am playing a lot of Neil Young tunes. I wasn't sure, because I tried about 10 years ago and couldn't figure it out. Then, my wife mentioned that she thought playing the harmonica is hot. Smash-cut to me clicking the Place Order button on Amazon. This harmonica sounds great and is the same model Neil plays on Heart of Gold. Thanks to the magic of YouTube, there are now plenty of instructional for how to get started playing. I got the basics the first day, and the harp sounds really nice and loud!! Now I just need a harp brace and a fringe leather jacket. Thanks, Amazon!!!

5031	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	huge untir. heavy, bulky and won't stay where it is clamped. frustrated. sits in closet. don't waste your money and all!!

We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.

an external soundcard box with inputs/outputs on it flows
7089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have skipped around with so many picks it's ridiculous.  These picks finally let me settle down.  So far they are my favorite picks and I've experienced many over the last 10 years.
2604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This amp is the boss!
274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Superb quality as expected, if you're familiar with this brand then you know what it's all about, couldn't ask for more.
I had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. Money well spent making
496	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems here
1474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product we looking forward to getting on the road and having every piece needed for the gig. God bless!
6544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	RUG-ED!
2575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one I bought, because I liked the first one so much. I don't need any more  now.
8387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice picks, great for a beginner who is strumming a lot of chords, easy to grip due to texture on surface, more forgiving than thicker picks if you hit the strings too hard or hit the wrong string.
8698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you've never heard Robert Conti play, Google him and prepare to be amazed. He bills himself as a 'street player' and his teaching method is summed up as follows: you learn to play jazz by playing jazz, not scales and modes. This is the pick he uses. It's the thinnest pick I've ever held and after years of using a heavy pick (mainly Jazz IIIs or something of that size and thickness), this took a little getting used to but the danged thing works like a charm. Rather than displace a string----which is what a heavy pick does when it makes contact with a string---this .38 mm pick 'snaps' over it.
7598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great  classical reed but can be used for jazz has a dark tone.
7501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a sound hole pickup and this came as one of the best and found it to be all I expected. I use it for practice and recording myself. I really like it but for the price I wish it had just a bit more otherwise its perfect. I have it on my 1994 Martin D-18  which has a big bottom end and no matter what it always sounds fine. I have had the pickup installed for four months and it is good.
2400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is nothing better for live performances, that hold up, and help a sound man manage nice tone and minimal feedback issues performance after performance. This Mic has led all the rest professionally for decades and I love everything about them.
4693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these Martin Extra Light strings for about a year - on my 4th set, not the same set of strings :)  They sound great on my Fender acoustic! The strings, although being "Extra Light", are very resiliant.  I have yet to break a string, even when I'm really rocking out on a good open E chord.  Now if I just had the Martin guitar to go with these great strings!
7747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am happy with the quality for a set of budget strings. The way I fiddle, finer and more expensive strings would be wasted. These sound good, tune well and keep the tuning. I read complaints about a shrill E string, but I haven't experienced the problem. These are just fine for a cil but I wouldn't us them with the Boston Symphony.
9900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you need a long strap, this is the one.  None of my straps were long enough for a Flying V, but this was.  If you need a long strap, this is the one.

6697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this pedal mainly to use for volume swells in a church setting. It is a great volume pedal and definitely underrated. Other Morley volume pedals don't have a linear increase in volume whereas this one does, making it more akin to the function of traditional volume pedals - thanks to good ole Steve Vai. It's optical so there are no pots to wear out, thus I hope to use it for a lifetime. Definite 5 stars from me!!!
5643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	for the 12 string it needed it is longer then a 6 string one
So they took the popular SM58 and improved on it.
6370	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hands down, the nicest pick I've ever used for steel-string acoustic. The grip is perfect, the edge is clean, the material is nearly indestructible. Just fantastic.
7156	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quick shipment & comes in a good tube for travel. These things are easy to lose so even though its a little plastic tube - it is a very good useful thing.

9352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's an excelent product
2971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
3. It wasn't quite staying in tune, and the strings seemed a little weak to me. I have MANY friends in music, and I took it in to Music-Go-Round where my friend works. He was blown away at the quality of this starter guitar! My guitar instructor was also blown away! That speaks volumes as both have been playing for 25-40 years, and both have many guitars. My friend just threw on a new set of D'Addario EXL110BT Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Balanced Tension Regular Light, 10-46, and it is now staying in tune. A new set of strings is between $5-$7, so not really a big deal. It is now staying in tune.
9674	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use 60 picks when playing mandolin and the 73s when playing guitar. Very durable and a great crip sound.

For about a quarter of the cost of a new Hofner 500-1, you can have the look and  sound close to that of the original, with some differences and caveats. The Hofner is a hollow body bass, which means that there is an open space inside the body of the guitar. This is one of the main contributors to it's original sound, which is more subdued, and mellow than more modern solid body basses, which have no chamber.
2664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have gone through several upgrades since my first SM58...upgrades to mics with smoother responses, better detail on the high end, feedback rejection, etc. And yet...I still keep coming back to it. This mic may not be the best sounding mic in the world, but it works. I find that if it sounds bad on my voice, my technique is more to blame than the mic is. The mic consistently has some muddiness around 250...but if you just cut the lows, you're good to go. I also find that the high end isn't as pristine as more expensive dynamic mics...but that doesn't bother me so much, as some of that warmth can help my voice sit better in the mix.
3248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Plugged my vintage Thorens turntable into my 2004 Sony Receiver through the AUX input. Without this, there was BARELY any sound. With this, I get better sound, but still need to turn it up a bit. Going from a record to a CD on the stereo requires me to turn the receiver down first. I like the unit, I just wish it had a power switch since I don't play records often and it's always turned on.

2092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice sound and resonance. Love it and will be purchasing more in the future! Very well built!!
5425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are light and are great sounding. The service was great, and outstanding. It didn't take too long to get to my house, the price was very cheap. I'd recommend these to other guitar players
You cannot beat the value of this cartridge.
Once I pointed one at the loud speaker at a football game. I placed it on a tripod and let the digital recorder run all game while I shot video from the sidelines. I suppose it was maybe 70' from the loudspeaker. It made EXCELLENT mix sound for the football game. Just the right ammount of crowd ambiance and distance from the pole speaker.
However, these picks are so full of awesome that I am compelled to pay a little extra.  I will definitely be buying more.

5102	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	this little guy has help me record with my Apogee One voices and amps, to prevent air-flow shock on diaphragm... wanna have excellent recordings? get one!
5645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good price, great delivery!
4308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic strings!  Very easy to play, bright sound, long-lasting. Please don't get grabby like Aquila strings during a long play session.
9584	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks. Great price
6112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this nice little practice amp for quite some time. I've also got the big brother Cube 80XL and the almost twin Bass Micro Cube. I live in an apartment and like to practice - without headphones *and* staying friendly with my neighbors. At those kind of low volumes a large amp sounds very flat. This micro cube sounds *wonderful* in a smaller setting. I've also had/tried a Peavy nanovyper, older Marshall and Ibanez mini amps (think both were 15 amp models). The Peavy does have more effects, and the other two much more limited. In all cases - the Roland amp simply has a superior speaker system and base clarity. This seems to be a characteristic of all the Roland amps I've tried - superior clean sound and more conservative effects. The effects tend to be not as extravagant or adjustable as some others perhaps, but they are very solid and tasteful. Preferable to how I gear up - I have pedals do most of the work and want a very nice output. Getting back to those effects - they always work very well on top of what ever input via a bunch of pedals arrives at the amp - quality there. I can't speak for the battery operation - mine is always plugged in. Once you go past a typical house room size - you will run out of enough speaker ooomph. Beyond what this amp was designed for. Again - it sounds wonderful at small room volumes - easy straight forward to use 3 band EQ and amp settings - very solid, standard effects. It does also have a nice rhythm/simple drum machine - what little I've used it. You can forget about it/ never notice it dependable in its operation - and focus on playing your guitar - earns it that final star...

3637	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good  strings  super  fast  shipping
9	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Great concept with great instructions and CDs.  The ukulele looks nice but the chords are frustratingly out of tune even with the strings tuned.
6770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are all plastic except for the two screws.  The first two of these I ordered showed up broken in the box.  Amazon immediately sent me two more and gave me a prepaid return label.  After using them I ordered two more and those came without any problem.
I highly recommend!
8960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have the small version. But for the price of this version is more useful for a few dollars more. I used in all my concerts and its excellent! 100% recommended!
5409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	getting quality martin strings at this price is a great bargain you will not find in any music store
They're picks, and most people know what they do and don't like.  I like these.  They're tough enough that they don't break or wear out after significant use. Not flashy... but flashy isn't a big deal.
4574	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I see this thing in a lot of music videos, it has a distinctive shape. I'm sure there are other brands of good quality. I know this thing works and with my knowledge of manufacturing it is well constructed and should last many years. I was suspicious of the low price but material wise there is not much to these, the price is right. Read the instructions that come with it, some negative reviews are clear the instructions were not consulted.
Effects aren't too bad. Trem is pretty good, reverb a notch behind, and I'd stay light on the Cube's flanger and chorus. Forget the "digital tuning fork" - it's just a button that generates a tone to tune to. Any kind of separate tuner is far more useful.
8666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good picks...........don't break
balanced tone, and easy on the frets too. In those early years electric players wanted less
4740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very handy on my dobro
About the mikes: These have a back-off sensibility for those of us who play and sing together and tend to "ride the mike" a little hard. You will like that. You will also like the out-of-range noise rejection, which allows you to bring up the monitors a bit. This is Shure, and if you get the "real deal" then you are buying top-of-the-line performance at a price that you would expect. I have used Shure on/off stage since 1971. You can count on them.
But i really love what this pad brings to the table,
4710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my personal choice for strap locks. I know there can be huge arguments about which brand is best. this is my pick. I have a pair that I've had for 14 years and are still functioning perfectly, so it was the logical choice to outfit all my basses with them.
5281	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these dunlop straploks are amazing! never had them fail on me, and always gave me a good piece of mind knowing that my guitar is safe from hitting the floor on stage or at home, they stay secure when done properly, I've looked at other strap locks and tried some others but the dunlop ones just seem to work, and work well.
- As compared to the system a lot of pick makers use: extra light, light, medium etc etc, .73 falls somewhere between light and medium (at least as compared to fenders. These are just slightly thicker than a yellow tortex .03mm to be exact.
4568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Need strap locks for your guitar? This is one of your best options. Solid choice. Sturdy manufacturing and does what it is intended to do.
All defenses of the concept aside, this Dean model is everything I hoped it would be. It's lovely to look at, and seems to stay in tune pretty well. It does ship with the bridge detached from the body, so if you aren't handy with instrument repairs (I'm not) it might be worthwhile to have a luthier or repairperson set it up for you. With that done, I've used it for several gigs and I love the sound.
6489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just started playing guitar and realized that I needed a capo to play all of the songs that I really wanted to play. This one was a fair price and the quality is great. It arrived in short amount of time and seems indestructible. I wasn't sure that I would be as great as it seemed but when I clamped it down it was perfect.
3333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the SM58 for a decade. I recently bought the Beta 58A. I do see a positive difference. It simply sounds better. It's bit more sensitive. Frequency response is better. I've not used any special gadgets to technically see the difference. But just recording and listening to the vocals convinces you that this is great. Build quality is awesome!! I guess the SM58 and this one (Beta 58A) will last forever. No expiration date on these even if you happen to use them daily!!
4451	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings
3310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i have been using this mic for some time now in the band i play in. it works great
One piece of equipment in my opinion that best captures Dimebag's sound is probably the most misunderstood, Seymour Duncan's Dimbucker hi-output pickup. The Dimebucker weighs in at 16.25 k we are talking about twice as hot as your average rock pickup. Once you step on your distortion box strap in, you are about to see how hot this pickup actually is. The Dimebucker will take you on a wild ride. The hi tones are crystal clear and bright despite this pickup having an incredibly low bottom and powerful bass.
I also tend to use classic medium celluloid picks when I'm playing my acoustic, but for my electrics I love these thing!
560	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This replaces a very old adapter I had been using.  It lets me mic my guitar cab with a standard mic and XLR cable and record directly to my computer's sound card.  Handy to have and something I use a lot.
My whole set up is basically good for what it is. I have 1 pyle 500 watt speaker that is sharing it's 1000 watts from one channel with a 300 watt speaker, so it doesn't take much for the sound to come out, and same 2 peoples on the other channel. That is all on one amp, and the other amp I bought will only be 1 subwoofer per channel.. The amps I have is a musysic 2000 watt 2 channel amp, and I had no problems with the amp. Sound is great, and plan to buy more in the future.
4. DONE.
3913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent reliable pedal. Day after day, week after week, month after month. It was good enough for Jimmy Hendrix, and way good enough for me.
9720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these picks have a good feel.
4782	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!
5519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. Kyser always makes good products.

5690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pricey, but one you need one, you need one.
1096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No Noise says it all for me. Great price for a high quality cable.

----------Note on the 2-draw:
- It is a step above the $80-$100 instruments that they sell at the big box stores.  The price is right for a serious starter guitar.
One thing I dislike about this and other Casio power supplies is the fact that the cable is pretty thin, That is the reason why I ordered this one as a spare in the first place. I also compared this to some third party power supplies that were supposed to be compatible. I opted to pay the premium price for this one just for peace of mind. I may order one of the other third party ones to evaluate it now that I do have a viable spare, but in the meantime I do not regret paying extra for this one because I cannot afford to have a malfunction at a gig.
3432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAA
5184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.  Buy them now.  No issues, screw in and go.  I have owned several types in the past, and these by far (in my opinion) are the easiest to actuate, while keeping the guitar safely planted to your body -- assuming you have installed them correctly.

8558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for longer than a decade, and met many people who prefer minimal picks , and jazz III among them. This is the closest to playing with bare hand that I can get.
2868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality audio from my Laserdisc classical CD collection has never sounded so nice as it has with these new headphones. TWiT.TV uses these in their production, so that was certainly a plus and helped me to seal the purchase (as once you get into studio monitor quality headphones, they become harder to distinguish between them).
2884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Out of the box, my K 240 already sounds 4 star great.  In another 100 hours of use, it will earn its fifth star.
That said, this sort of thing is a personal decision and depends on what sound and feel fits you best. But you're doing yourself a big disservice if you haven't dropped $5 to try these out. I haven't enjoyed any of the other lines of GHS strings so much, but like I said, for electric guitar Boomers are where it's at.
37	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It didn't fit in my accoustic guitar but it did works perfect on my electric guitar. I haven't use it anymore. I'm just learning the chords without the chord buddy, I know 3 already all you need to do is practice, practice, practice.

1485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great quality on this cable, my chester sounds true when piped into my PC with this.
3278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently replaced a bunch of aging sennheiser mics with a mix of these Sure beta mics. Wow, what a difference in sound!
The Dimebucker gives you guttural crunching rhythms and searing leads. Bent notes seem to never choke out as the sustain goes on forever. With dropped tunings the bass remains round and clear without sacrificing a bit of the hi-end of the guitar.


1702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed this for my Gibson Johnny Smith, which has a 1/8th inch connection at the guitar.  It is what is is.  I've had no problem with it.
7600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Vandoren reeds!
Ohh mine is a maple natural finish not Cherry but I saw all the finishes and they were as nice in all colors.
345	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as described
4229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
2520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This mic is well made (heavy on the mic-end).  However, I have yet to try it with my multi-track studio.
6375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A very good quality case.  Very inexpensive.  Holds some music and other items with the guitar.  Keeps it safe.  Comes with 2 keys.  Our family really likes it.
5622	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	there is some black hints in the grain of the wood. much better than I was expecting. great guitar for a beginner or veteran alike. plays well
6946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings.  A little light sounding for my taste, but they are easy on the fingers and good quality.
7844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just got this ones as extras for a beginner violin just in case. They are not the top ones but do the work lol.
175	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice compact, authentic keyboard pedal. Used perfectly for Yamaha and Roland keyboards!
Definitely recommend.
Received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door.

For recording, the Beta 58A is OK, mainly for beginners, as a vocal mic.
7499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Vandoren reeds for years.



6583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit my ibenez perfect good bag for the price !
6867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A clear , natural sounding pick . I recommend getting some of these for your pick arsenal .  The cheapest way to change up your  'sound'  is to change your pick . Different pick materials all sound somewhat different .

Finish at fret ends could be better. There are still some sharp edges.
8454	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice capo -- does what it's supposed to do and looks nice also.
3008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very nice and work extreemly well. Its just what it say it is and does a great job of holding my amps nice and tight. Good quality screws at a great price!  I highly recommend
1632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, very happy with it
2842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're great! I use them for mixing, and the definition in the high mids (1-5kHz) is unreal for headphones in this price range. It's not super fatiguing, like the highs on the HD280s, either!
- Open back allows others to hear what you are listening to nearby
Chicago Music Exchange delivered very promptly, as usual.
9241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love Dunlop picks.  They feel great and never slip out of my hand, and I sweat a lot.  Switched from the .50mm to these because I play both lead and rhythm and the .50 is too thin for lead, especially since I got a new guitar that takes medium strings instead of light. (I mainly play acoustic).  I don't like heavy picks for strumming because I strum very hard and need the pick to flex.  These are the perfect compromise.  I have to note that I'm not a very fast soloist, so very fast players might not find this heavy enough.
- Good 1/4" TRS cable length - 12 ft.
490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works fine, but I should have just built one on my own with a neutrik connector.
5198	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	once the strap is attached it doesn't come off.
and so is less prone to feedback---You just sing closer

This is my lightest set of sticks, plus they have a lil more reach than my other ones.
6496	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work great for the new LED lights that we are using!
2112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be very well-made. Lovely sound!
7387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome mic
7034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am pretty happy with the tone of these strings.  I tried the Martin Marquee and hated the tinny tone initially, but then loved the tone after breaking them in or getting used to the higher pitched tones, then hated them again, because they didn't last long.  These have a nice even tone across the board.  They seem to have good tone with a pick and fingerstyle.  I have a rather heavy hand at times so I may be hard on strings.  These have stayed in tune well and still sound pretty good after a couple months of play.  The Marquee only lasted a month.  But they were also lights.  That may have affected the tone and life of those strings with my heavy hand.
3238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best speaker stand I have gotten to date.  Lifts speakers above the audience's head - even when standing, and can be adjusted to make up for about 1' of uneven ground.

6050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is supposed to do.  I bought this for a friend so I could get my larger Boss ME50B bass multi-effects box back which he was borrowing for his guitar. He only ever uses distortion for his guitar so he was happy with it.  I also bought a 1Spot power adapter for it, but the combination had too much hum to use and he ended up using the pedal on battery only to keep it quiet.
6123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent tone for small amp.  Cordless feature is an added plus.
9552	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everything Was Exactly Like They said, I would Definitely Recommend.! Thanks
2) As someone recommended, be sure that the provided screw fits easily into the guitar's original hole. If it doesn't, the screw's figure will be deformed, since it seems to be a fairly soft material. At the moment you feel any strong resistance, you better go back and carefully try to widen the hole. It wouldn't be a good thing if you are stuck with a strap button only halfway inserted, and with a busted screw that you will not be able to easily get out. Trust me, be patient with this, or else the screw will be gone.
9311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great strings
1166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works just fine!
7275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT,BEST SELLER

924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the material, and love the vintage feel/look of it. It works great and for the price you can't get any cable this nice for that. Came very quickly. I'll be buying a few more soon.
Pros:
182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good solid Pedal but NOT SWITCHABLE.  Polarity is normally closed.. Make sure you can use it.  This is not so much a complaint against the pedal but against the writeup here.
704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We have a Presonus StudioLive 16.4.2 mixer and a Panasonic TM700K HD camcorder we wanted to use to record our youth ministry services. Using different types of cables had caused significant buzz coming out of the board's AUX (line-level) outputs. We had the same problem with a Canon XA10 in another venue, but had used a DI box to convert the TRS 1/4" output to XLR while cutting the signal down to mic-level. However, the Panasonic doesn't have an XLR input, so we thought we would need this cable to go out of the DI box & into the camera. To our surprise, we could connect it to our mono output on the board (after cutting down the signal strength with a small knob next to it on the board) & run it directly to the camera without having issues. We don't have the flexibility of making a separate mix through one of the AUX outputs, but we also didn't have any AUX's to spare.
8244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product.  Great price.
I highly recommend for the shred guitarist.
8883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used this on my flat finish Taylor. Spruced it right up. looked like it was brand new again. Highly recommended.
All the capos I've had from Kyser are still in great conditions.
---- Ibuprofen - your fingers are gonna be sore until those calluses build up
Recommended highly!
7016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks for years and years have been the 1.0 mm Tortex picks.  The Ultex feel better and provide better action.  Give these a try!
3710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice addition to my pedals
2907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are after that "thump-thump" kind of exaggerated sound don't buy these. The K240 headphones are "accurate" and don't add anything to the sound.  People who are mixing or editing sound prefer "accurate" but many music listeners prefer the accentuated bass.  These headphones let you hear what is on the track an add nothing to that.  The sound is transparent, as if you were not wearing headphones.  Also being "semi-open" this means they do not block sound in either direction.  This open design adds to the not-wearing-headphones sound but is not practical in some settings.  Remember these are STUDIO headphones.  They provide accurate sound for engineers and are best used in a quiet studio setting.  If you are a music listener at home then the best use of these headphones is for classical or jazz in a quiet living room.  or for critical listening to any music, for example recently I was trying to listen to Paul McCarney's bass guitar lines in some new and old recordings. With these I can hear every note and also how he played the strings with his fingers.  The K240 provide an accurate, reserved sound for that kind of listening, not the popular flashy and thumpy sound.

9821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like a flexible pick and these at .60mm work just fine.  They are also in a good color so they don't stand out too much.
8274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great item! Works very well.
7285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good for working out rhythms while song writing, haven't had a chance to work out all the nuances for gigging


5610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case is amazing!  I have a Yamaha Tyros 4, and this case fits it perfectly.  It's soft, and the straps hold the board into place perfectly, plus gives me about 4" to spare so I can put my chords, pedals, etc right next to the board (these items are wrapped in a soft fabric bag.
7882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality as expected.  Tonal quality is equal to the heavier strings that this new guitar was shipped with
3243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Built like a rock. My keyboard weighs next to nothing but I didn't want it bouncing around. I have owned older, very heavy keyboards and this would handle any of them without breaking a sweat. Neither the rubber isolation bumpers nor the height adjustment device are very intuitive but if you play with them you can get them right within ten or so minutes and the height adjustment remembers your setting. Aside from the rubber isolators, this thing would last forever and is rock steady.
Obviously, it greatly increased the accurate setting of the tracking force.
Thanks,
6945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Put them on old Yamaha ,37+ years old.. nice sound
1361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery, fair price. Seems to be made well and is easy to use. No apparent distortion or change in audio input when using this product.
1611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I video  at places and need the audio feed from the main board, sometimes they're the wrong gender.  This fixes that.  Goes from xlr female to balanced 1/4 inch.  I can use other hose adapters I purchased to change gender too.
- Good bright LED's indicating which outputs are engaged -- this is really important (at least to me)

8031	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although I haven't actually purchased any of these picks from Amazon, I have been using the Jim Dunlop Nylon picks for years. I prefer .38mm for simply strumming an acoustic, though I lean towards the. 60mm for almost everything else, but if I want a sharp, bright  sound I go with .88mm. rather than a full mm. because I still like to have that flex. Frankly, I don't know why one would use any other guitar picks than these.
Even background noise being louder than my own voice. Which was odd.
4084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace one that I think I have had long enough the fabric wasn't tight anymore.  So when this product arrived I was happy to notice that there was fabric was good and tight - but it was on both sides of the of the block circle or double fabric rather. My old one only had one side of fabric.  The ring itself is around 5 inches wide or about the size of a hand.  The Arm swivel is about 13 inches long and works well as does the clamp on the end.  Seem to work better for me than my old one mic pop wise so I'm happy.
5492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Looks and feels REALLY nice. Latches are a little flimsy, but that might be just my particular one.
They improved the capsule isolation. Even a mic on a stand needs this, it's how you will get low end feedback, because the vibration traveling through the floor will also travel up the stand and start the feedback loop. As a hand held, the microphone moves about in your hand or you switch hands or for whatever reason, this will decrease the noise of handling the microphone.

1261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cables for a good price!

7162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As described.
It's a decent 15 feet long, and has a locking button on the female end.
2323	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Mic, but than again everyone knows that! LOL
942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Came on time and well packaged. Good utility guitar cable at a competitive price.
4112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Boss does it again! Same as DS-1 but better!..much better! two modes and this thing really rocks, get great rock distortion, everything from nirvana to RHCP!
1868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these seem to be great cables.  had them for about 3 months or so.  no extra noise.  pretty short but that is ok.  the are small and easily hid.  will try hosa's pancake patch cables next.
4007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop filter is very functional. It has a long neck to get around almost any mic+shock mount. The neck is okay at not sagging, but you do have to play with the positions to get it where it will stay. This removes all the pops from all the "T"s, "P"s, and "B"s. No reduction of the high end. I did some recordings with and without, and couldn't tell any loss from the high-end frequencies.
2163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I finally replaced these after about 7 years because I'm not hard on my vinyl at all, and I got them on a whim. I use a magnifier to inspect my needles for wear and my old ones were not even in need of repair but I picked these up anyway for the price. I immediately compared them to the old ones to verify there was no wear on the older ones but I replaced them anyway because I did the "break in" procedure on my old needles which caused the shafts to develop kinks in them. I don't know if it had any impact on sound quality (especially for DVS), but for the price, I figured why not. I'm primarily an Ortofon user but these are great for DVS use and general playback, the needles are also cheaper to replace. Get them while vinyl is still around.
768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm using the non-balanced version of this snake.  It seems to be of typical HOSA quality, which means that all connectors are molded in.  It's nicely made and works fine.
1488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	No problems so far.  You get what you pay for, but in this case it is very high quality cheap stuff.  No better deal can be found!
8007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play uke, and I don't like felt picks or using my fingers, unless Im just picking. But for strumming? These pics are ideal. Wont be rough on the strings but will make them sing.
4932	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	And this strobe light is just the trick for patio parties. Not expensive, not too bright (I'm not lighting up a stadium stage scene).
6271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These capos have always worked the best for me and I would seriously recommend them. They do not lose they're elasticity and have proven righteous.
8595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A VERY MELLOW STRING, GOOD FOR MY SIMON AND PATRICK FOLK GUITAR.
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
6400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very well-made case.  I qualify that statement with the fact that I do not travel much with my guitar.  If I did, I would probably consider a sturdier case.  But the shell and plush lining on this case are more than ample to protect my instrument while I move around town.  I purchased this for an Epiphone Masterbilt Century Deluxe.  The guitar fits beautifully.
3168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is fantastic and works as expected.  I did one modification (being paranoid), once it was extended and set up, I wrapped black duct tape around the tightened extension grip.  Why?  Because if the extension fails, everything could suddenly drop.  So if you extend it up and intend to leave it in one place, I suggest duct taping the extension lever in its tightened position.
2371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was given a Shure PG48 XLR when I was hired to facilitate a weekly trivia game and play music for it as well. So while I didn't purchase it, it's been in my possession for the last three years, and it's been in use on a fairly consistent basis since.
7480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Vandoren Javas for a number of years. Hardly use anything else. I use these with my SA80 alto and a Brillhart 5 mouthpiece.
6073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS! :D
5856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo... I love it!
2224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If they're used for live performances they will not last very long! Good for the price. I need to resolder the ends after a concert though.
7416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The BEST reeds in the world!
The .60 Dunlop Nylon Standard are perfect for me. I can strum and really dig into the guitar with its .012 gauge D'Addario Phosphor Bronze strings and get great projection, or I can pick out notes (even with fast playing) with ease. 32nd chord strums? Not a problem. Major projection when I want it, and this pick sounds great with a capo all the way up to the 6th fret.
8279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? Easy to tune, great sound, affordable. These are just great. I haven't compared them to any Remo products yet, but I can't imagine any other drum head in existence being much better than these. Whether you're after a metal sound or more of a tonal kit, these heads will get you to where you're going.
Amp: It is a 10 watt practice amp, and that is basically what it is good for.  You might get enough volume to play with a small acoustic group (which is what I do), but it you are going to play with other amplified instruments, plan on buying a real amp. The amp does look fairly well made, and has EQ controls and a headset jack.  It has a nice sound, just not overly loud.  There is some hum but I believe this to be from the cheap cable supplied with it.  In my case it could also be coming from the problem with the tone control mentioned above.
6054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I must admit that I bought this bass because I liked the way it looked and didn't want to spend a lot more for the Gibson model of the same shape.  When I got it, it was prettier than the picture but buzzed a lot, so I took it to my local music shop and they adjusted it for $5 dollars.  Now it plays great and I look good playing it... that's important right?  Anyway, I can't put this thing down now and if I ever get really good at it, I may buy the Gibson after all.  But for now this bass rocks!
Other thoughts:
9501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great patch, sticks well
3740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Strings sound great.  No issue with the actual product.  But it's annoying that all 36 strings are loose in one bag.
1514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a cord...
190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it
4424	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Save your money and get the esp ltd ec-10! It has two high output pickups and a satan finish. Its also way more comfortable to play.
Here are the various instruments I have miked, and my opinion on how well these work
But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.
The product was packaged really well-- cardboard box wrapped in bubbles in another cardboard box. The strings were protected and etc. With that being said, I'd still change the strings from what it came with to something else that you'd might like instead (came with really light ones). I don't know if this is normal/just my shipment but the B and the higher E string both had fret wear marks. I don't know if that was intended or it's been pressed against while in storage for too long. But no need to worry if you're going to re-string anyways.
3459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the only bass guitar string I will ever use. GHS has that fat and meaty sound that I need to hear from my bass guitar.
2459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't even speak spanish but this mic is excellente.  I read all the reviews and hype and it was as good as advertised- super midrange.  Very warm sound, solidly built.  I had the misfortune of getting a fake sm57 off of ebay and then compared it to this.  The fake was very close, the counterfeiters are getting better and better even had the yellow and green wires and the indentation on the screen on top.  One dead giveaway is the weight, the fake was around 2 0z less and where the mic screws together there is a noticeable gap in a real sm. Not so with the fake it is a very tight closing gap.  I hate to admit it but the fake is not that bad especially for vocals, it doesn't compare with a real one though for instrument recording.  The fake is a more direct counterfeit of a sm 58  imo.  I think it was designed for karaoke from what I've read so it makes sense.
Keep making them EHX, ill keep buying them.
3682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These little things are great! Super easy to use and has never fallen out on me.
2671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	100% recomended

6389	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.
1558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good, that's what I need it for my digital piano connecting to my iphone 5s.  I received it quick fast don't have to wait too long.
6430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good recorder, especially for the price.  The wood ones have a great tone that the resin ones cannot compare with.  It is a soprano recorder so it is pitched high, but the finger spacings are easy and the product itself is quite decent.  This is a great beginning recorder to get used to woodwinds and reward yourself with easy playability.
64	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like this speaker. I bought a pair of K10s because I wanted a stereo image for my piano and the clarity and presence are phenomenal. Un-muddied left hand bass and crisp high notes. I'm hearing subtleties in my keyboard that I haven't heard before. I'm using them on stands behind me in my Irish band to mic an accordion and tin whistle and they both sound great with these speakers running through an 8 channel Yamaha mixer.
4562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
5617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fits les paul perfectly. Well worth the price. It is well made and nice and plush on the inside.
8436	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Incredible buy for the money. Solid, good feel and firm strike on the head ... no cheap or sloppy action. Very happy with the purchase and quality.
I take it with me everywhere. When I'm taking the plane, it fits in my suitcase.
3- AC4

4614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	very big , but work excellent

6425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my 12string martin guitar fits perfectly inside of this gator 12string dreadnought guitar case. awesome protection!
9590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works perfectly on my drum bass!, the case with 2 pads are plenty good!!!
4990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are great. Easy to open and install. They operate very well , my guitar has not fallen. clever design and all you need is a phillips head screwdriver. I gave a four star because they are awfully bulky. They are quite large and will take some getting used to.
5063	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Ill start with the fact that I love the idea of this cable.  In fact I love this cable.  What I don't like and the reason that it gets 2 stars is because it does not fit on all three of my Ibanez Basses or my Kala Ubass.  It is such a tight fit that I am sure something will break.  Probably the jack will break if I continue to use it on these guitars.  It works wonderfully on both my Jazz basses.  One is a Fender and the other is a vintage 70's Ibanez Jazz bass.  I give it 2 stars because there is a chance of damage to your instrument.  It is such a basic component, how could they have gotten this wrong.
6824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We use a lot of Chauvet and American DJ products in our mobile DJ business. We also belong to Amazon Prime and utilize Subscribe & Save for all our expendable needs ( Batteries and such ). We give a big thumbs up for another quality product with great service as usual.

4959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have one nice strap that I use for two basses.  This makes bass changes easier and it's nice for taking the strap off when you put your bass in it's case.  The only downside is that the finish has rubbed off and now they have a bit of rust which makes them harder to use.
8980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this thing not thinking I would use it too much, but wanted it for future use, I was wrong, no more misplacing picks for me. Highly recommended, also fits on my guitar stand, very cool.
The Beta 87C is cardioid (for club dates, bars or pickup bands, monitors are directly in front of you)
the riggers of what happens on stage; so I cannot comment on this
3179	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these when they were on sale because, for the price, I didn't think you could go wrong.  The stand folds up small enough that I can fit it in the front pocket of my bass gig bag (Protec Contego).  I carry one with me wherever I go.  So far, so good.
5751	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. Looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. Does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. I would have returned it but I completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed).
Quality metal, secure function, and easily replaces posts on instruments already equipped with standard strap posts.
I deleted the first 10 present patterns stored in the user data, which created rooms for my patterns.  This made it easy to find patterns I made.
7119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exellent!
soundcard box (Firewire audio interface) and in this application
4490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say, its a capo.... Functions as expected and is definitely awesome quality.
8679	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own 3 of these, and I use them all regularly. I've used many different capo styles, this is the best. One of mine is about 7ish years old, still works like new, hasn't lost it's grip. Just buy it. If it's under $20, it's a good price. Under $15 is a great price. Do it. Go.
4538	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
9562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I tried these based on a friend's recommendation and was very pleased. The material keeps them from slipping with sweaty fingers and accomplish this without weird textures, holes or other gimmicks.

4367	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin M600 strings just sound better. Clearer. Brighter. More articulated. Other ukulele strings sound dead and lifeless in comparison. You won't find a better sounding uke string.
7883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality.
Will not be buying them again.
3758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pedal, same as I remembered using as a teen. 45 years later, the same great sounds. Extremely heavy duty construction.
8970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been a fan of very few drumhead brands and styles. The Evans G2 make my drums sing. The tone is perfect and the mid-range attack that they produce has allowed me to use them with the multiple bands that I play in. I need versatility as I am playing in 5 bands with music variety from big band to rock, pop, and country. Highly recommended all around!
4947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are cool little strobes. I've added these to my other led lights, and foggers I have 2 of them. One on each side of our dance room. Works nicely on the dance floor. You can adjust the static on these for a different effect. Wouldn't be the same with out these!
8574	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pick, I bought both the .50mm ones and these in 0.60mm.  I prefer these, so if you're looking for a light pick, this might be a good start.  So far they are super durable, I was using the same pick for a long time and it never wore or anything.  The shape is nice and I would say that the point is a little more on the sharp side if you were wondering.  My favorite thing about these picks is the texture on them.  It feels really nice in your hand and provides just the right amount of grip without feeling harsh or sticky.  I would recommend these for a thin pick, but I really like these heavier Ernie Ball picks, they feel much faster due to the shape and texture.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ernie-Ball-Heavy-Assorted-Guitar-Picks-Bag-of-12/dp/B0009EW2OY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ernie Ball Heavy Assorted Guitar Picks, Bag of 12</a>
9739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After purchasing some "not so cheap" generic picks at my local music store and breaking one each time I used it, I decided to go back to my ole favorites, Dunlop. These are a great price here on Amazon and I am so glad to be back with them. This is a SOFT pick i.e. it bends easily but that is what I enjoy playing my guitar with and they are durable.
2721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Are there other dynamic microphones that are better sounding than the SM58?  Yes.  Then why have I given it a 5 star?  Well I am glad you asked.  It's a legendary piece of musical equipment.  The microphone has existed for half a century, and I am willing to bet for all of you that are reading this that it will still exist when we all pass away.  There are three things that will survive a nuclear bomb.  Roaches, Keith Richards, and the SM58!  The durability of this microphone is amazing.  Just  youtube  SM58 and you will see some durability experiments that will speak for it self.  It can stand abuse like no other microphone period.  SM58 are standards live microphones in the industry.  Do they sound better than some Beyerdynamic Opus models or Sennheisers?  My opinion would be no, but you take to consideration when you have a Sound company they will use 80% to 90% of the time a SM58.  The reason is most soundmen have learned to eq around it and they are familiar with that microphone.  A sound guy that does not know a SM58 is not a sound technician to begin with.  If you know a little eq you can make this mic sound very good.  You buy a fancy dynamic mic and you run the risk of a sound guy screwing up your sound.  Anybody bashing this mic has to be reminded that legendary singers have all sung on a sm58 at one point.  From Robert Plant to Sinatra.  Not to mention every time you see a major festival it's the main mic on stage.  This mic has not changed it's specs or design since the 1960's.  What does that tell you?  For about $99 you have invested in microphone that will be with you most of your life.
6547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got this pickup so I could run my banjo through my effects pedals.  Banjos, by their nature are harsh, and amplified, even more so.  I like what I can do with a looper and reverb.

3041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been running a pair of these with Pyle PTA 1000 amps and they sound great. Provide enough oooomph for what I am doing which includes playing music at friend's parties and backyard theater. Surround sound in your back yard with 5,000 watts (2 PTA 1000's and a 3000 watt mixer amp) really kicks ass. These units are lightweight and easy to carry around. The build quality is sturdy. Flexible hook ups too. Great buy especially at this price.

7532	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.  One of the best pickups you can find on the market and at a great price.  If I had to do it over again, I would still purchase the Fishman Rare Earth.
7122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good set of strings put started to start after a while
--(*****The Best*****) Antony Dannecker Optimus (custom harmonica): Simply the best, comes at a price. Antony is great and very available if you want to discuss any particular tweaks to your custom harmonica. Off the shelf can't compare.
5091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cover is just want I wanted to keep the dust off of my Casio Keyboard. I love the adjustable elastic cord to keep it snug!
4378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No guitar should be without some sort of strap lock system, Dunlop is the best!! I have these on literally all 8 of my guitars, including the bass. I have never had a single issue with even one of these sets--all 8 have kept my instruments secure and in place. Easy to install, great price, and an easy investment to protect your gear.
8092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as well as any Kyser capo. My favorites. If you like Kyser capos, you'll be satisfied. Some musicians prefer other styles. I ordered the American flag design for a gig on the 4th of July. Got lots of compliments and "where did you get that?" questions so that was a plus. In the end though, it's a Kyser brand capo and it works well.
6/21/15: I bought an additional set from Amazon. Economical.
Regarding using GuitarPort for professional recording tool: When it comes to using software to simulate amps, rhythms, etc.. there are a few industry standards that make these sort of products compatible with a wide variety of DAW (digital audio workstation) recording software such as ProTools, Cakewalk, Ableton Live, etc..  the most popular standard is called VST. Line6 recently added GearBox VST as part of GuitarPort software package, so if you're looking to add Line6 POD quality models and effects for direct guitar studio recording, this is an inexpensive solution and really the only area in which Guitar Port shines (p.s. I still perfer the tone quality and features of Amplitube 2 for this sort of thing)

3886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Never break!
4832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	wish they fit my SG, but they are great none-the-less.
206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great on my Roland keyboard. I recommend it.
4993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable has been in use in my studio for about eight months now. Plugged and unplugged many times to many different guitars and amps.
8169	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't ever go wrong with Dunlop products. This seller is good, fast shipping, item as described.
  Exterior Width: 19.00 "
If you are clever and know an experienced guitarist / teacher, you or your kids can learn about economics, how businesses make compromises at different price points, and what is REALLY valuable in instruments. You might just learn what is valuable in life too.
2641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
1871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great for connecting effects pedals.  I really don't know how else you would do it in a small space, without making your pedal box look like a plate of spaghetti.
2855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite headphones. They make me feel like I'm in a musical recording studio, or that I am a DJ playing some ill beets on my turnt tables
4502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best in the guitar world....never lost a guitar
8707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Heavy thick pick perfect for jazz.
1847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does a great job of letting my pedals talk to each other.
2435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seriously?  The Shure SM57 sets the standard, which by all other instrument microphones are judged.
4806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best strap locks out there!! The dual purpose design of the pins are what sets them apart from the others. If you forget your strap, you can always borrow one... Other strap locks you're kind of screwed...
I wanted the mkII version, as they come with a second set of cushions (velvet) and coiled cable. I feel like the velvet cushions would be less prone to sweat, and I much prefer coiled cables as they don't twist, and are good space-wise. I couldn't justify the price difference though.

4297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The simplest capo on the market. I own several of these and like them more than any other capo I have tried. Many complain that they are not adjustable, but I have never had issues. If the tension pulls you out of tune, just bend the back support a little to adjust tension.
8598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice unit
3139	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great stand
6340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favourite picks. They feel great, and they're expensive in my country. I'll definitely buy more of these soon.
None
9287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	so far I really like this guitar, I'm just starting to learn to play and it stays nicely in tune.
6592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks?
Also, the instruction materials that come with the system are great. She faithfully practiced for at least an hour every night sore fingers and all but after five weeks I can't believe what she has accomplished.
I bought a black one to leave in the trunk while I was at work, in case the guys called for a practice session, so I wouldn't have to go all the way home to pick up my gear.
Here's the "BUT":
4995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Although pricey, I find this a very low-noise, high quality cable.  I like the break switch on the right angle connector, but the jury is still out on the durability of the switch  There are two things that keep this cable from getting five starts.
I own most all brands, and several models in each, and in different notes in each.

Multiple parts/fills.  For each sequence you get an A part, B part and a corresponding fill for each.
4413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are sweet strings. If your guitars neck can handle the extra light gauge get them. They sound great a feel good. Better than the Martin coated strings.
3533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice inexpensive guitar, especially since I got it on sale.
I highly recommend it.
1305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great

349	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible, stiff cables that are more or less locked in the position they came in. Other Hosa cables have more flex to them, which is what I was expecting here. Seriously, stiff cables are the worst.
But everyone already knows that, so will just add that in addition to a Strat and a Tele, this also fits a G&L ASAT (which is longer) and also snugly fits the smaller bodied G&L Fallout

530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great mic cable. I use it for interviews on my Canon 5D Mark III and give me good audio. I wish the attachments were a bit stronger.
1934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Detailed, accurate, and musical characteristics. Comes with the full kit of hardware for use on either 1/2 mount (adapter) or p-mount.
8608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing, but be careful if you have one of those really narrow boom stands it won't fit that tight and you'll have to improvise a little.  Fits just fine on a regular mike stand!
  switch off my distortion, but keep the other effects, if the band suddenly decides to play in more of a ballad style.
7279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If you like to change strings often, these are great. Not to pricey, sound good, and last just fine. Gets the job done very well but will lose brightness after a few days of playing, which is not a bad thing, really. As good as any of the competition.
8712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop picks are the best I've used!  They last and last.  I've never broken or worn one out before I've lost it or had it "borrowed" and not returned.
AKG: overall nice sounding mic.  Problem when you "push" the mic, i.e. sing loud.  Mic feels like it has a delay in it.
7889	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These wedge are ok - typical foam, nothing more dense or detailed as you might expect with $100 foam.  These are glorified egg crate foam pieces cut.  That's all.  I imagine production cost for these is around $10.  And they charge $100.  You do the math.
Yesy, a BIG SIX, costs the same as a pretty decent full sized harp, but the virtue is it really is small enough to keep on you at all times while providing full-sized, really beautiful sound.
1885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These cables are awesome. They do what they are suppose to do and do it well. I personally like that they are smaller in the middle and are easier to fold than regular cable. If you are looking to connect your pedals and don't want to break your wallet look no farther than HOSA 6inch cable!
- No Tension Adjustment
sounding instrument after suffering cheap junk "gifts"--this guitar is more than worth its price, it's a steal, actually
8838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good replacement head.
9439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used a lot of capos and this is still the best. Quick to attach and release. Love it.
9145	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great value on great guitar pics


- Molded strain relief
8767	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cool Guitar Pics
Install with the new screws as normal, and recommend that your friends try a different brand!

5107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very durable. Would prefer a 25 ft. version because 20 ft. always seems to be too short, but I couldn't find these in 25 ft. The on/off switch is a bit confusing to tell if on is depressed or if the button is raised (showing a white strip on the button itself). Other than that, this is a very sturdy cord with no sound problems. I believe I will get many months( if not years) of use out of it.
-  They did not last long at all (expected of vintage strings, but something you should keep in mind when buying)
5789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you play 12 acoustic you gotta get this one.  Just a hair longer on the padded area which is what  you need.  You can tell them from the 6 string version by the ridges being much closer together on this one.
I just ordered another one for my brother....what can I say....I love my brother :)

Strings stayed in tune after about two hours of settling in.
6512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The 13 pin socket need to redesign deeper and tight and better latch lock.
203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! ! Good deal! !
6445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ok, quick - YES.
3798	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Daughter swears by these.
2528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally a GREAT instrumental mic that works for basically EVERYTHING! This is a must for anybody looking to doing some serious recording. I am going to buy like 5 of these and record drums, the sound quality is amazing.
5850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play in a variety of groups.  Adding (Amazon) self-adhesive label windows to the front and a business card window inside, I've customized them for all my groups plus one for current lessons and a warm-up folder.  Nice expandable pockets.  Nice feel.  Acceptible pencil holder inside.  Terrific folder.
405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great cable for the short distances.
2810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The cables are basic XLR connections.  Pretty much as described very thin.  They work fine though and I would buy again.
5910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been building up my pedal collection, and came across one of these at a great price. I know they've been around for decades, and I have played them before, but I was never really a BOSS fan.
5701	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great on My 6 string Martin and on My 12 string as well. Great Product !!!!!!

Use this and your videos will sound alot better.  The next step up is a wireless mic and receiver package for really long distances.  I have used several of these and they make for excellent tapes of a single subject willing to wear the mic and transmitter.  With the shotgun mic you are ready to go no matter who or what you are recording.
6590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product
If you play 9's and are curious if the "tone" from 10's are worth the "bending" effort, or maybe if you play 10's but your fingers aren't as young as they once were then I encourage you to give 9.5's a try.  At $4 or $5 a set, it probably is about what you are paying now, and you have a few well-known string companies to choose from.
3373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I always use these strings.  They work well.  They stay tuned as well as any string and they sound good.  I gave it a 4 because I have had the eye break and have broken the short string #10 right out of the package.
3309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Shure SM58 is a good microphone. I can't even recall when I began using them, around the late 70's. It was rare to find a stage that didn't have any SM58's on it.
4822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These harps are constantly breaking on me but I keep on buying them because they sound great while they last. I guess I'm bending too hard and the reeds are blowing out. They are cheap enough for me to just keep on buying new ones each time they break. I think my reeds blowing out is probably just an operator error so I can't knock too many stars off for that. I love the wooden comb on here. So much more better than a plastic comb on most harmonicas.


6124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	ok
9373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Wanted another capo that mounted high in place of low on the neck.
- The top is NOT rigid, so don't expect to be stacking a whole bunch of stuff on top of it.  It also makes things awkward when you've got a lot of stuff in the pouch while you're trying to open/close the case.
Finally, I like the slightly duller sound of the Dunlop Jazz IIIs, although I have discovered that when playing with distortion, it may be necessary to increase my attack to get that breakup and edge that I am looking for.  Since I switched, I have to say the difference in my technical ability, and my tone, has been dramatic!
428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a midi cable and it works
4864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a cover
1) you can't do rolls as well.
7203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Danelectro Zero Hum AC adapter lives up to the advertisement. I get no hum from this adapter! It's definitely not like the cheap adapters you get at Radio Shack.
9438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are phenomenal on acoustic guitar!
Be aware that for bass heavy audio you will need a sub-woofer for accurate mixes, but regardless, these do an outstanding job in the low end upwards of 60 hz, and probably lower depending on the material. (They are spec'd to 45 Hz.)
9103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the texture of these picks.  They aren't glossy smooth.  They are more of a matte finish which makes them very easy to hold without slipping out of your grip.  The text on the one side aides in grip, also.  The edges are clean and smooth.
867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tough and reliable. I've been using this as my main gig-cable for 6 months and its only got a few spots where little teeny threads are coming loose. It still looks fairly new.  Folds down nicely w the velcro strip. Perfect cable. Might just order 6 of them one of these days and replace everything else because they're all annoying and this one does nothing wrong ever.
Seems to be a little but more noise going through this adapter cable than straight into the XLR input.
515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	In order to get the drums and all the keyboards hooked to the DAW midi interface and not have them all crowded in one spot, I use the 25 ft cables to give me some breathing room. Now all I need is a
7388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The sound is great! You should get this, too. I bought it because I like electronic music, and Adam Young of Owl City also has this microphone.
8660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great picks - love these for electric guitar
Pros:
7984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A good, inexpensive guitar pick. My go-to because I can find it in any store or online and they last.
133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice entry level guitar at a good price.  The service from the seller was great.  I did replace the strings with some better ones than what came on it and it improved the sound and ease of fingering.  I would recommend this guitar for anyone just starting out and wanting to play a classical type guitar.
1547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect adapter. Exactly what I needed and good quality. Used to plug my mic into my amp. Works great!
6204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Most people only write reviews when they are disappointed with a product but this product is so good I had to write one.
I didn't want to spend $150 on just an expession pedal (such as the roland), but I was wary of spending $50 on the moog or line 6, whose reviews are not exactly raving about their longevity.  I'm glad I found the FC7, it's a quality product at a very reasonable price.
8782	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice product and quick shipping.
8167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great capo! It is not hard to put on at all, and it fit my 6 string guitar perfectly, while looking great!

967	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Haven't even had a month and it's already shorting out on me.
4534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	how do you have a guitar without them?
3786	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well and strong
You can get these in 24 packs at [...] for only $10!!! Free shipping as well!
6431	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	My case came with one broken latch. The shipping box was fine and the case was packed ok. It must have happened when it was manufactured. I fixed it with JB weld but I shouldn't have had to do this with a new $100 case.
1571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made inexpensive cable.
73	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works and sounds great for what it is!
4717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Suits the purpose.
1266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had these since January 2014 and haven't had any issues.
6133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It fits very snug and slides off easily. It secures the strings down extremely well so you don't get any buzzing or unwanted tones.
1) Quality: Very weak soft-metal screws. Using minimal force and a well aligned driver there was some damage to the screw-heads on all 4 that I worked with. 2 of them rounded out so much that I was afraid they would be hard to remove later, causing me to run to the hardware store for higher quality replacement screws.
6037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fairly standard Capo. No frills or anything exciting but it gets the job done.
6215	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, it's a capo and it does what it's made to do. This is a good item. It works for me.
I do own a Martin, as it sits beside my Westwood.  And, with the heads-up to the Martin that I bought, of course, my Westwood does still sound like a Martin.  I just have to wait to see what 'age' will do for my new Martin.  It's going to be great, as well.
1745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine. Sturdy and reliable
1757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic is fantastic. I purchased these on an impulse because of the great reviews. I use Shure, Audix, MXL and TC mics. For live work these have so much gain before feedback it makes mixing a breeze. The tonal quality is up to par also. Leave the expensive stuff at home. Stock up on these for live gigs and open mic nights.
4278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
8710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what i was looking for.
8885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This product is excellent.  Cleaning is thorough and leaves no residue.  Made my little Martin look almost as good as new.
2815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Probably the best headphones for sound quality under $100.
2997	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great rack mount screws. Rubber washers are perfect, lets it give your item that tight fit without worry of the screws working out any time soon. I use them on my portable desktop rack with my mobile DJ equipment and they have held strong.
----------Note on which key to buy first:
So really, it all depends on your preferences.  The physical comfort of the AKGs is less subjective, however: they are easily the most comfortable over-the-ear phones I've ever tried.  This is a HUGE factor worth considering.
The Amp that comes with this kit is really cool too. It has a 4 band equalizer for highs, lows, hi-mids, and low mids. I gets to a nice volume for "bedroom practice" but I would not blast it for sake of the speaker. Getting BOTH this amp and the bass itself for this price is a bargain.
--(****_ Overall) Lee Oskar Major Diatonic: Excellent harmonica, extremely comfortable, great sound. Just as good as the Special 20. In fact, the two are so similar I struggle to find a meaningful difference. Ultimately I chose the Lee Oskar: It has a better reputation for durability and replaceable reedplates, so at this price range it is my preferred harmonica. One downside is the plastic case can break within a month from normal daily opening/closing.
6412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the Tortex picks for a while now, and have been really happy with them. This pick however, takes it to the next level. Very strong and great bite for a relatively thin pick. I use the .73 for acoustic and the same holds true. Great product.

Please note: this Gator GM-4 Microphone Case is EXACTLY THE SAME BAG AS Musician's Gear 4-Space Microphone Bag, but at twice the price. I bought the musicians gear case for $15 from amazon, and the only difference is the gator branding. Buy the cheaper one instead!
3038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice speaker. No complaints what so ever. Im using it in church and its doing the job I expected. Would recommend this
Edit: This pedal is actually made in Taiwan. My bad.

1931	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Running this on a Technics 1600, seems to run very well. I know this is not nearly as nice as the cartridge that it is replacing, but I am very happy with it, especially for the price.
I have other, way more expensive guitars, like a Gibson ES-335, Dean 12 string, and a Fender Strat, but I gotta tell you, I like this one soooo much I play it more than the others!  No kidding.
4775	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box.  I am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth.  I am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading.  This guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture.  So expect it to be a different color than what you order.  See customer pics.
2960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are black, rack screws... They hold equipment in place, and screw into the holes, in the rack, on the inside of the road case... Not much else to say..!  Yes, they blend in with the amps, drawers, and so on... Yes,  you can see them on the chrome plate, on the edge of the mixer.. So don't use them in that location..!  It's a no-brainer.!  Are they good screws.? Well, I've had better, but they didn't come in a box..! ( and I was younger then..)  If you need colored screws to match your equipment, then these are as good as any..
I know that different venues, singers, PA setups, different stage monitors, etc all can affect how a mic performs but my observations are based on hearing pretty much the same traits over and over so they are not based on isolated incidents and I also base this all on the performance of new or like new 58's, not the beat up ones.

2858	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The headphones buzzed like loose paper was inside when used with my bass amp at a moderate volume.
573	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for desk top use with my lap top computer. An extension could be added on but I haven't tried that much yet as It just arrived. So far, the signal works without any noticeable degradation or static problems you get with poor connections. I'm happy with it.
5805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar case fits my Epiphone Les Paul  and look s good doing it.
3638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great

1881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these with my JOYO guitar pedals in a daisy chain and they work just fine.  No complaints from me.
It works fine by the way.
The cage style pop screen gives the SM58 not only it's distinctive look, one that influenced many other mic brands from the day it was introduced, but it's part of the functionality. Internally lined with a layer of acoustic foam, the cage helps keep vocals pops from getting to the dynamic mic element. As a frame of reference, the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SM57LC-Shure-SM57-Cardioid-Dynamic-Microphone/dp/B0000AQRST/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SM57LC Shure SM57 Cardioid Dynamic Microphone</a>&nbsp;is the same exact mic and capsule, but without the pop screen.
6942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	awesome.....works perfect
715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the same exact cables offered by that guitar place and other such places. These are great quality MIDI lines, and I haven't yet come up with anything negative to say about them. In fact, the only downside to ordering here is that you have to wait to get them. For the price though, you could order 2 or 3 of these here for what just one would cost at the other places.
1106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice

'Sony MZ-N510CK NetMD Walkman/Recorder with Car Kit'

I started with a cheap Hohner Blues Band, and have (in about 6 months) tried several excellent Hohner harmonicas. They include the Golden Melody (C), Special 20 (G), and Chromonica 270 (C). I recently bought the Hohner Blues Harp in G and thought I would share a few comparative notes.
Drums, Snare (very good)
The bridge is similar to my LP Studio with the tunamatic setup. Individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, IE can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.
3951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using GHS Boomers (lights. 10s) for over 20 years now. I never break strings and they sound great!
4380	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent guitar at an excellent price.
Some reviews complain about static, hissing, or lowered volume; I have not encountered any of these issues under normal use. As long as you are using quality cables and your source output devices aren't cheap, no audio issues should be encountered. I can easily control each channel's volume independently with no loss in audio quality. Turning the knob all the way down will completely mute the source and turning it up has more than ample volume (although this may vary a bit depending on the quality of your output device). The only actual hissing I can hear (using headphones) is when you get near max volume on the knob when all other channels are silent. At the volumes you encounter the hissing at, you would blow your eardrums out. Under normal use, you don't hear it at all.
7773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these sticks often in my band, both for getting a certain type of sound, and for just quiet practicing. They are easy to grip and durable as well. I highly recommend them!

6969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has to be one of the most beautiful and just downright cool looking guitar cases I've ever owned. Instead of the usual tolex covering it's has what appears to be black leather covering trimmed with heavy stitched brown leather. Instead of the usual 3 ply construction this case is 5 ply and built like a tank. This should be a 3 or 4 hundred dollar case, how they can sell them for 89 dollars is mind boggling.
6085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My go to capo. It have it in various colors for each guitar. The tension is perfect and it remains consistent despite the abuse I put my capos through. I've never broken one and they are used constantly.
6712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great clamps. I can used these on any size lighting stand and they hold my lights securely.
3610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings were very high quality and long lasting with sound quality to match.  I highly recommend these strings.  *Ibanez 12-string Acoustic/Electric
- It arrived safely in good packaging.  No chips, knicks, or marks that I could detect.

1879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'll start off by saying these cables are not "lookers". They don't look bad by any means they're just basic plastic cables. I basically bought these to help me experiment with a new pedal board without disassembling my old one. That being said they worked great with my pedals. I'm using a Wah, 3 dirt pedals, and a multi effects in the loop of my amp. I can't notice any additional noise in my signal chain, even with a direct side by side comparison with my Monster cables.
7487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!!
1042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.  Exactly as described.
Notes: This only comes with Guitar and the strings on them.... Go ahead and purchase cables/ cases/ straps or anything else you might need along with it.
*(Microphone not actually sentient and incapable of feeling emotions)
7331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are for my kid, who loves them.
2805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this because of the price and to see if teen-ager needing direction could figure it out enough to fill out our little friends and family band. Out of the carton, tuned right up and has enough thump for performances in small bars where we play. Don't know how they can sell them this cheap, but this thing rivals much, much, much pricier bass guitars for playability and sound - even with the small amp which, even more amazingly, is included along with patch cord, tuner, picks and learner-CD for the amazing price. This one impressed me and the story blows away people who hear us perform (Of course our music is very good!!).  And the kid - already a great drummer and with a pretty good ear for picking stuff out on piano - picked up the bass rhythm after just a few hours of practice on this thing. One of the best "impulse" buys I've ever made.
8322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Some musicians will tell you that multi-effects are for beginners.  While I used this many years ago, single pedals were not giving me the distortion and octave tones that this unit can manage, so I came back to the Boss ME-50B.  It has everything I need and a bunch of stuff I'll never use.  I loop it through a SansAmp VT Deluxe so I can cut the Boss and its "always-on EQ" when I don't need an effect.  If I could bypass the EQ, I would give it 5 stars.  There are quite a few demo videos on YouTube.  I suggest you watch some of them if you;re on the fence.  It's the best multi-effects unit for bass that I have ever used.
Really glad I bought it.
[...]
8043	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My last one lasted quite a long time.  Hope this one will go the same distance.
Senn: lower midrange congestion -- like you have a cold, warm-sounding, rolled-off highs.  Very muddy sounding, but will add more "body" to your sound.
4675	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It'd been about 6 years since I've had an electric guitar. I traded my old one off to pay a debt and just never returned. I decided recently after moving back to my home town that I was going to get back into playing electric guitar, only this time I wanted it to be more than a "hobby". I fully intend on doing local gigs for fun and some side cash and this guitar will EASILY deliver.

1761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worked good. gets the job done.
I produces a very cool bluesy sound on my Gretsch  Jim Dandy, though I am still just noodling with it. :)
2152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just got into the wax game, and noticed all my favorite deejay's using this cartridge. I replaced the AT95E's that came with my tables. My, what a night and day difference. I can drag the needle all day long without it skipping. I even pounded on my desk to replicate people bumping into my table, and I couldn't coax a skip out of this amazing cartridge. Just make sure to keep the guard up when not using so you don't waste 22 bucks on a new stylus, which if you buy this cartridge you can replace the stylus for half the price of the whole unit (~22 USD)
2239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Better then i thought, nice product.
262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+

3676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice
5165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Price is good
4168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	was told to try one by a band leader.  He was so right.
3970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really like the short leg, not too big for my banjo.
5065	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is a good looking snug fitting cover with elastic draw strings.  It goes on and comes off easy but will not just fall off.  We keep it on our keyboard whenever it is not being played and it keeps the instrument clean.
Saxophone is very secured inside with more than sufficient padding to guarantee it won't get damaged if, say, you bump the case on on door frame or something. Storage is great. There's a separate slot for mouthpiece and neck. Be aware that if you use a thinner mouthpiece like a metal link, it's a good idea to wrap it in a cloth or it will move in the mouthpiece slot and possibly travel inside the case.
7137	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this as a gift for my husband also, he loves it. The weight of it is perfect, feels really good in the hand. He doesn't play his lap steel that often yet but when he does he now loves having this to play it with. Fast prompt service from the seller as well. Very nice product. Thanks so much. Now if I can just find the stand for the lap steel he'll have the whole set. Still can't find a lap steel stand anywhere. Odd.

8036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice for the price.
5804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Quality for the price.  My Epiphone 100 fist snugly and is babied by the soft lining.  Fits like a glove
Love it. I was contemplating buying an expensive boutique overdrive. Using my DS-1 through the effects loop on a slightly driven amp preamp signal is EXACTLY what I've been looking for.
8669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i love these super thin picks! it allows for smooth strumming without making the sound too loud (i play on an acoustic). in smaller rooms, it's perfect. in larger rooms, i'm usually amped so it doesnt really matter anyways :)
To sum up, it is a great sounding machine with immense technical possibilities, and it takes some effort to decipher the instructions, especially if you, like me, are interested mainly in an easy to use, good sounding drum and bass backup.
3680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very cool pick holder!
7038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The grip is excellent. But I prefer the 1.14 Sharps over these. These are sturdy and look like I won't be needing another set for quite some time
Audix: very nice sounding mic.  No major sonic problems.  Nice, extended highs.  It's the shadow of the awesome OM-5 ($250+) which is faster and has even better clarity.
8610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I need it to do.

Compared to the other pop filters I've seen and used, this one is perfectly suited for any microphone and at a reasonable price you can't beat it.
275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing I have ever bought with the Yamaha name on it has ever disappointed me. This was no exception. The packing was excellent, lightning fast, and the seller kept me informed. Highly recommended
Note that for this to work, you also must have double doors (pretty solid, heavy ones) and airtight seals on all windows/doors so that no air escapes the inner room.
8801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are nice heads. for G2, the evans 360 technology makes it super easy to tune, I personally like the onyx heads better. but these still sound great on my pearl kit if i use muffle rings.
40	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Waiting to hear the results
8256	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these.
Came with an awsome poster with all the Epiphone guitar models
1546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
674	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My husband wanted to connect our two keyboards so that he could play the interesting sounds and tones from our Casio on his larger 88-key keyboard. We ordered two cables and they worked out perfectly despite being such an affordable price. The length was more than enough for stacking the units even without special stands.
Revised...I finally decided it just doesn't live up to the name for my need.
3166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Ultimate  GS100 Guitar Stand is well-made, well padded and works just as it should. I also have a GS200  stand which also is very impressive. I had tried an On Stage GS7465 Guitar Stand which was very disappointing, lacking in quality and protective padding. I immediately returned the On Stage and went with another Ultimate Stand. I was not disappointed. Both the GS100 &  GS200 are made with the excellent attention to detail and work perfectly, protecting your guitarsfrom scratches and drops.
8882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this to clean my Washburn acoustic guitar, and it worked great. I used it to clean off the fingerprints and grime, and then would buff in a circular motion with my soft, lint-free rag, and it would act like a polish. The finish sparkled afterwards, even in the light. Great product.
I mostly use this to sing backup while drumming.  But I also tried it while playing acoustic through my small portable Carvin PA and even when I'm in front of the speaker, I'm not getting feedback.  If I ever do an acoustic solo act again, I would definitely use this.
2051	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	brought my mixer back to life. works just like it says.
371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Hosa cables.  They hold up well.  Cheap enough to have extras too.
7083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect

5978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got this guitar for Christmas.  To be honest, I'm not all that great a guitar player, but it's a hobby of mine.  So I don't shell out a lot of money for high-end equipment.  That being said, I love this guitar.  The tuners work well with virtually no slip.  The action and feel is really nice (you'll undoubtedly need to get it adjusted when you first get it), and the sound on it is pretty bass-heavy, meaning it would probably do well for metal styles.  The pickups are nothing to write home about, which if you're a more experience guitarist, you'll probably swap these out right away - the stock stuff is fairly boring and average.  I get a decent amount of sustain off of this instrument, which is a definate plus.  Compared to some other guitars that I've played, this thing is built like a tank, and a bit awkward to manuver with if in an enclosed space.  The headstock feels perticularly cumbersome, and (again) can make things difficuly when you're moving around in tight quarters.  But none of that has any real bearing on the guitar overall.  But is does feel like you've slung a beast over your shoulders.
This is the only stand I actually enjoy using. Simple, quick, solid, reliable, holds up after years of abuse. For me this is The One. The recent purchase is to replace my old one which I stupidly left behind in a parking lot one night.
Overall I love this ol thing and I plan on using it for many many MANY years to come.. and if it breaks on me, Ill just buy a new one! Cuz its worth every penny and more.
3189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lightweight, compact and does the job. I use this for my digital mixer and power conditioner. It keeps everything protected when moving and doesn't take up unnecessary space when being used.
They don't last very long; a few months of lightweight daily playing and they really loose their brilliance. Buy a few and change them often.
8588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these on 8 string guitar and they get the job done nicely. Very durable for me and I play rather hard on the strings.
This is a clear winner for me. This particular model was used in a Steinberger Spirit at the bridge position to replace the Steinie OEM p'ups. The guitar sounds incredible now. This was mainly bought as a travel guitar, but I find that the Duncan SH4 moves it up to be one of the best sounding guitars that I own. I put 2/3 of a set of Texas special Fender p'ups in the mid and neck positions on this guitar, and it is really a tone machine now.
2223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've had this cable for awhile and I'm not too impressed with the quality. The plug and jack look cheap and the cable is thin. I use it at home on a practice mic and it hasn't had much of a workout. I don't think it would hold up long on stage at a venue.
I was happy to have found nylon strings that, according to the description, could be used in acoustic guitars for steel strings (hey! they even come with ball ends!). I was hopeful that these "high tension" would work well but either way decided to be EXTREMELY careful when tuning the strings.  I was almost successful, until the E string snapped (of course had to be that one!). Complete frustration and complete waste of money! Back to my reliable steel strings.
9442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	one for young to start on it good so sounds hook it up to right set up and amp and
6285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and service!!!
8217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	item is as advertised.
3403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was lookin for.
8355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worked perfect
Still, I prefer the thicker brother of this cable, the SpectraFlex Fatso version&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Spectraflex-Fatso-Flex-Right-Angle-Instrument-Cable-10-Foot-Tweed/dp/B001RNHE76/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Spectraflex Fatso Flex Right Angle Instrument Cable, 10 Foot, Tweed</a>.  I also own that one and prefer the way it handles.
These sticks seem to have just the right amount of heft without being clubs like some gorillas like to bang their drums with.
2839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Cans are what every voiceover artist needs.  These headphones do the trick.  I wear these things for at least 4 hours of everyday that I record for my voice over clients.  Crisp clear sound that won't let you down.
9014	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say?  It's a Kyser, and its's camo.  How could you go wrong?
I am not an acoustician but a big part of sound is subjective dependent on how each individual perceives it. Yes, there are scientific ways to interpret sound but there is no concrete evidence if there is a standard way of how individual brains interpret perceived sound. So just because these people have read definition of things on the internet doesn't mean they have keener or more sensitive ears than everybody. If a reviewer says that he thinks his room got quieter after he installed these foams then that is his perception. Read reviews as you please, take it with a grain of salt and no need to pop other people's bubbles by commenting on their reviews that they're wrong.
6321	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been a fan of Kyser capos for sometime -- Particularly the design and ease of use.
I had always seen this on lists of great pedals and I had always thought it was because it was $50 and tough. I guess most of my pedals have been in the overdrive family. Having this really hard clipping distortion pedal really brings out my inner metal-head. It's much more versatile than I thought. I don't understand how I went for so long without picking up one of these awesome pedals. Especially for $50?!?!?
2074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
7072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is amazing. Improves my sound in an amazing way. I use a parker nitefly and for electric as for acoustic is great
4034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A very strong capo..too strong for bigger instruments, but works good on ukes and mandolins and banjos with not too thick of a neck.  I have several of these capos, one for each instrument.

5319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fine
9812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was using the orange Dunlop picks for years but I decided a firmer pick may be a better choice since I have changed to bigger strings over the years. These are going to be what I use from now on. Great tone and pretty effortless playability with these even on 13 gauge strings. An absolute joy on 12 gauge strings!
7200	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was having some problems with my Ego Compressor comp getting noisey, sent it back and found out that It Had been using a slightly drained battery, so I got one of these and it is great, nice and quiet again, half the price of the boss one.

597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Appears to be well made. Good fit.

6678	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Alot better than I thought it would be. Thick enough to do some good. Heavy zippers that feel like they won't break in a week. For $20 its definitely worth it

If you play music (electronic) with amps and processors and all the
The Low E string does not have the resonance and presence of the other three strings. Alright, out comes the screw driver and adjust the pole piece..
665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like this cable and I'd buy versions of it for different purposes regularly because they are very affordable and of solid design.
2030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work the best on the "Tele" mode. I use them into a small digital handheld recorder. Place a few of them around for great sound for your videos.. Excellent mic for the price. Great starter mic and it looks really nice sitting atop your camcorder.
90	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-RYDM16A29BXNO" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1KKcvXpO%2BS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61GYosEZfRS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I ordered this pair of my Sony MDR V700s from Amazon, back in 2005 and they've held up with all kinds of DJ use (big, small club gigs, house parties, etc) and also personal listening, and music production. The criticism of the plastic coming apart after time is fair (see my video review), but sound wise I've never had any problems with them unlike some other headphone brands.
1403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cable is well built and durable. I purchased two of these and use them to connect my keyboards to my amp. No hum; worth the money
9021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted. Cheaper than buying them at the guitar shop.
7951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great sound A string broke while tuning that is why can't give them 5 stars. Company basically said so which is fair strings break.
7317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best acoustic guitar strings, in my opinion.
268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good
9960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why everybody doesn't use this stuff. It extends the life of strings to such a high degree and just keeps em clean and NICE. I've been using this stuff since 2012 when I noticed the bass player of the band I was touring with never changed his strings the whole six week tour and sounded big and bright the whole time. He was using this every night!
3981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My title is such because when Amazon shipped the guitar, I was sent the Cherry Sunburst model when I had ordered the Ebony! Amazon got me taken care of almost immediately, so I'm really happy about that.
For use by an individual, the padding is a nice touch.  However, if used by a large band in volume, the extra 1/4" thickness per folder could be a storage issue if folders are stored centrally.  That is, for  every four Protec padded folders, an additional inch in storage space would be needed, versus unpadded folders.
1869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This iteam has served me well with some of my guitar effect pedals. I have been playing for about 7 years now and decided that i would need pedals eventually. these cables are cheap and high quality giving me crisp sound. i really enjoy them
769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have the TRS version of this and it is of good quality.  It sure cleans up the back of my equipment rack, I will be ordering this as well..
3045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great experience. Fast shipping.
4910	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	It's been a while since I bought this. it worked great but 2 years after it decided not to work
1004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, no problems.  I use it to connect an Epi ES-339 to a Line 6 Spider IV 75, no problems in 5 shows so far.
3226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great cases. I have two of this particular configuration that work well for smaller power amps, audio interface and power strips. Easy access from both sides, sturdy built in hands and excellent clasps. Pro grade.

6816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I switch between a viola and a violin in a band. This has made the process of switching between the two much more easy than trying to mute channels to switch, or running extra lines to the board. I don't really get any popping or feedback from the set up.
5066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cover! With a special material, so much smooth and with lock lace to adjust the keyboard this is perfect.

2439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent mic for voice or instrument.
1120	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints. Serves the purpose I purchased it for. I would purchase again.
7042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Adorable- I gave 2 away as gifts. Sweet to wear around your neck and it does produce a few notes. Does not come with chain.
Tuning Keys:  They are the low-end parallelogram-shaped one.  They are adequate, but slated for replacement.
1646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super Item ! Great quality AAAA+ Would Buy again!
6834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Went through many types of picks over the years. I first tried these in a Dunlop variety pack. I'd been using Tortex, but found Ultex to have a better grip. Been using the the .60mm, .73mm and .90mm and the Sharp version in .90mm. All are great picks for various applications.
3600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Play hard

* I am using it as the expression input for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Electro-Harmonix-Deluxe-Memory-Boy-Delay-Guitar-Effects-Pedal/dp/B0039KA9G8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Electro-Harmonix Deluxe Memory Boy Delay Guitar Effects Pedal</a>&nbsp;- works perfectly.

5119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Dunlop is not the best strap lock system because it's a pain to switch which way the lock is pointing and people complain that the button is easy to unhook while playing. I can see the merits of screw on locks, what with the ease of switching the locks, but these work fine for me.
As another reviewer said, it's not the most heavy duty strap you can find, but for the price, I wasn't looking for heavy duty, just something funny and fun, and it definitely fits those.

3654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product - need to order more for my other guitars!
Comfort: What I now grasp is that I didn't consider that ears in ones youth can hear frequencies I (now older) do not, and that "comfortable" is often pure subjective opinion (apparently). So, many headphone reviews (amazon professional or otherwise) for me then became pure BS. What I mean here is these (like every other pair I have owned) just didn't fit me that well when they arrived - my ears touched the interior headphone walls. This colored my initial opinions considerably.
5376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gran cable con puntas TRS de gran utilidad con switch corta circuitos. La longitud es para distancias cortas, por ejemplo de una pedalera hasta un amplificador. Entrega puntual.
2434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although this mic is now considered primarily an instrument mic, that was not always the case and I've actually preferred this same basic design for live vocal use since 1970 when I bought my first one which was then known as a "Shure Model 545 Unidyne III."  That mic got stolen about 2 years ago, but remarkably was still working at the time it got boosted and I was still using it when I needed one with an on/off switch function.  I've owned or used countless modern day SM-58's and SM-57's along with dozens of other mics over the years from all manufacturers.  I have a fairly deep baritone to bass type voice and I don't need to get closer than about 7 or 8 inches to a SM-57.  To me the SM-57 sounds similar to the $469 Shure SM-7 studio vocal mic if you put a windscreen on it and get about 2 inches away.  I'd only use an SM-7 in a studio environment though because they are slightly more fragile and over four times as expensive.  By design the SM-58's require you to get much closer to the mic to get a full range sound than with the SM-57's.  I prefer the SM-57's over the SM-58's for vocal use because they sound crisper on the highs and they sound fuller on the low end.  The SM-57 sounds more natural on vocals and never sounds muddy or muffled.  The SM-57 has one of the most pronounced proximity effects of any mic I've ever used.  If you tend to shove the mic down your throat you may benefit from the less dramatic proximity effect of the SM-58.  If you are ever going to use an SM-57 for vocals I'd recommend buying the Shure A2WS windscreen with it.  That genuine Shure windscreen fits precisely and locks securely onto the SM-57.  The SM-57 will pop like mad without one.  The only possible drawback to the SM57 as a vocal mic is that there is no model available with an on/off switch these days.  I can't find a modern SM-57 with a switch anywhere.  However, if you've ever tried using a mic when you forgot that the switch was in the off position it probably just became a liability. For my money, the SM-57 is the best all around microphone of the past two generations for stage use and some recording purposes.  For studio vocals I'd use an SM-7, which really doesn't sound all that much different from the SM-57 when the built-in variable EQ on the SM-7 is set the way I like.  The SM-57 and it's predecessors are to me the best all around microphone since 1970 and certainly the most enduring and durable.  You can not go wrong unless you get too close with no windscreen.
16	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I'm leaving my original review below: However, I adjusted the rating to reflect the fact that I had to return this item because the neck snapped off from the body while in the padded case I had purchased for it. Due to this issue, I really think you would be in better shape buying the Hola! uke here on Amazon for a few more bucks and a separate tuner and instruction book. Youtube tutorials are invaluable, and plentiful. I hate to decrease my star rating, but it's obviously a low quality instrument and the Hola! uke is light years better sounding and looking.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hola-HM-121MG-Deluxe-Soprano-Ukulele-Mahogany-Binding-and-Aquila-Strings/dp/B00ATABRJE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hola! HM-121MG+ Deluxe Soprano Ukulele, Mahogany + Binding and Aquila Strings</a>Don't let this review stop you from picking up ukulele! This kit got me going, so it was worth the money, even if Amazon hadn't refunded me!
That said, if you have a tube amp or play guitars with humbucking style pickups through decent solid state amps, you may like it. If anybody says anything, just tell them an old fart on the internet who has played through just about everything said so. And remember: 90% of happiness in life is the ability to manage your expectations.
As far as sound, these are some of the best sounding headphones I have tried.  The sound is flat - like it should be.  All sounds, highs, mids, and lows, come through crystal clear.  Unless you want to spend several hundreds of dollars more, I really haven;'t heard anything even close to the 240s.  Cranked up, they handle loud volume without distorting.


This model will Strats, Teles, Les Pauls, PRS, and most solidbody guitars that are of similar size. It will not fit semi-hollow or hollow body guitars.
7192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great thanks
5949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo!  it's a little large, but not so large that it gets in the way.  Holds all 6 strings down evenly without buzzing or bending the notes... Can't ask for much more out of a capo.
4726	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo for the price. I have s couple of capos in different colors. This has a nice finish on it.
677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine.
8163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Guitar strap is simply stunning and very well made. I have a Red burst Guitar and this compliments the color very nicely, the yellow parts are actually gold thread and it is just stunning in person, very beautifully crafted and the leather ends are very sturdy, took a little doing to push the leather over the buttons on my Guitar but that just lets me know that once on, it is securely on and I do not have to worry about them falling off. I am a newbie at  Guitar and having such a beautifully accessorized Guitar inspires me to pick it up more often which in turn makes me practice more. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a beautiful accessory for their guitar. The pictures online do not give it credit. It is really a beautiful Strap and I love mine.



228	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works good
I love the fact that this has some wash. It is not a one-dimensional ping type ride, and the over- and undertones are capable of thickening the mix live or in a studio.

3358	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these on a whim to see if I would like them, and I have to admit that I love them after using them Grip is much improved, there is a slight reduction in vibration, and they provide a cool look. There are plenty of color/design options if this one isn't your cuppa. If you're on the fence, give them a try, you might end up loving them as I did!
9691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star! Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star!
7975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser has a customer for life, I've been using a kyser capo now for nearly 12 years. I move a lot (military) and sometimes my belongings either get lost in the move or I can't bring much with me. So I periodically have to buy new capos. A few months ago I thought I'd experiment and get a different brand(s) for (less than) half the price and it was straight garbage. Kyser is the best and I will never stray from them in the future.
5612	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I usually like Shubb  capos but this one is superior to Shubb for a twelve string. No buzzing etc. Sometimes have to fiddle so it does not mute a lighter string.
Gator cases lists several models on their website that will accomodate an S6, but if you do a little measuring most are going to wind up either a little tight or loose in several spots.

4828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was so thoroughly impressed with this cover that I ordered another one for my other board/
Check out my video at



1459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect.
5153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put a pair of these on every guitar that I own.  I have a lot of extra strap clips around since I have many more guitars than straps, but these are great; they are all plenty tough, and if I find myself with my Straplok'd strap, it's nice that these work fine with a normal strap in a pinch.
336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say ... great mic cable, decent thickness/gauge, haven't noticed any noise at all, it works. Never had any problem with Hosa stuff, which is why I chose this cable over others available in a 3' length. So, there you go!
9758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hydraulic and Evans always delivers! Haven't ran these in years but tried them again for a special live situation and they delivered again as always.  They get better with age too because the mylar softens as you play them and the attack gets softer which is especially useful with internal mics!
8520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best I've ever used.
3626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings for an Ibanez 12-string guitar. Installed and tuned up fine. A little stretching and re-tuning required, but that's normal. I prefer the extra light strings, but some prefer the heavier strings for a more "round" sound. To each their own, of course, but these work great and are a good value for the price.
5038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As described, very good
I realize that this review is not really that helpful if you're just looking for drum mics, but the DM80 is a workhorse that will always be in my bag. I wish Nady still sold them separately!
2719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	How do you review an SM58?? I've used these most of my life, and will continue to. Very durable, I got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) I also use a D5 (AKG - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup.


47	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I have two guitars, and Ovation Celebrity and a small travel guitar called a Montana made by Kaman.  The Chord Buddy did not fit either one!  I am a very mechanically inclined person, and tried for quite a while to make the Chord Buddy work.  Apparently, it fits "most" guitars--so be careful!  Maybe a quick call to the manufacturer will help.  They would be smart to track the guitars it does not work on.  I think it's a great idea, and I'm disappointed that it would not work for me.
6796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ok, I'm using this for an unusual purpose. I run the cable from my bass into this switch. One output goes to my amp, the other output goes to my playstation for rocksmith 2014. In the game, the volume on the bass is just too low. You can't hear yourself play in the mix. So I run my instrument through a separate amp and I can hear it. There's other electronics that serve a similar purpose, but this is how I do it and it works. The sound is clean and that's what counts.

7214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works like advertied
My attack is brutal, and this pick can last a good 2 weeks for me.
Cody Tubbs
I've had so many friends buy these and they were all pleased with it.
5947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes what I believe to be the best 6-string capos on the market. Simple one-handed on and off and constant, sure contact with all strings across the fretboard's radius make this a no-brainer. Kysers are sprung with the right tension, and used with anything but ultra-light gauge strings, rarely necessitate retuning if the guitar's action is set low enough.
391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a mic cable by Hosa, what else can I say? Hosa has been around for a long time. cable seems well made,
208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice for the price
2610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just wanted a cheap practice amp and the VOX is perfect. Sounds great and can be quite loud with gain and overdrive on. Also looks really cool( vintage) looks like something the Beatles would have  used. Am using an acoustic/ electric with clean channel most of the time and am very happy the way it amplifies an acoustic guitar
3131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it, I even bought 2
1687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for connecting any mini plug to 1/4 inch. Perfect fit
2830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, work perfectly.
1406	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a great cable, cheap but too much quality no faults at all the package arrive in time and well packaged the cable is new and in excellent condition and working very well so far (2 months).
to break over time would ensure I'd keep these for awhile.
9940	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Recommend highly. Thought these were a good value and were delivered quickly. Might try extra lights next time to quiet down the old five string

I found myself constantly unplugging and replugging my main cable from my electric to my acoustic guitar and vice-versa between different songs on stage and I thought, "there's got to be a better way to do this!" Enter the ABY switch: plug one guitar into "A," the other into "B and connect a cable from the in/out section to your amp (or plug one guitar into the switch and connect two different amps into "A" and "B"; whatever floats your boat), then you can switch between guitars with a stomp of your foot.
Great product from Shure as always.
650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is working just fine, and I've had it for several months now, just fine
7147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine on my 6 string lap steel

4888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent keyboard cover! I like this one more than the others I own, as it is a nicer fit, heavier material, and it keeps the dust off my expensive keyboard better!
2185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a 3/4 size guitar and came upon the Yamaha JR1 and JR2 in local guitar center.
6640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great investment it kicked my pa in the butt.
The Protec is nicely made with a soft black exterior vinyl, a stiff cardboard backing, brass-plated steel corner reinforcements, and is well-stitched.  There's an interior pencil holder.  The only issue is that if you leave the folder on the stand, any music placed against it will need to be clipped on somehow.  That's because the folder's pocket flaps sometimes won't allow music to lay flat.  Personally, I keep the folder in my gig bag while pulling out only the charts being played.  But, this could be an issue for some players/singers.
9083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good.  I broke the high E on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily I had bought 2 packs at the same time.  So, I want to keep a completed pack for back up.  I have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session.  I have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter.
5524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been trying out lots of different harmonicas recently, so I've gotten the chance to really compare and contrast different models.  Despite my preconceived notions about Marine Bands, I've found that I really like them.  Nice bright sound, relatively easy to play (although it does require a little more air than, say, a Lee Oskar), and notes play well consistently.  Plus, this harp has a special place in harmonica history, being one of the oldest harps currently made and one of the most popular harmonicas of all time.  I'd recommend this, both to beginners and more experienced players.

Lastly, some Velcro can be used to add some soft foam to the underside of of the headband (doesn't have any) easily enough. Total tweaks cost - about $10 or so.

DR Half-Tite HT-9.5: ___  9.5 -- 12 -- 16 -- 24 -- 34 -- 44
Squier Standard Strat
1605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does exactly what it should do, every gig bag should have a couple of them. I had a helpful volunteer run 500 feet of XLR cable backwards. Pulled out the adapters and saved the day. I have also recommended the male to male adapters. I would recommend these to a friend but none of my friends use them.

4883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are certainly the best strap locks for electric guitars and bass guitars. They are sturdy and with very high design quality that are built to last. Highly recommended to anyone.
5097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Sounding Strings
3699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	In 1997, BOSS released the OD-3 Overdrive.  Coming two years on the heels of the popular BD-2 Blues Driver, the OD-3 didn't feature any bells and whistles.  It's yellow color and simple three-knob layout look like a combination between the venerable OD-1 and SD-1 overdrive pedals.
8187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gives a very nice tone. Not too brassy or too smooth.
Last point: sound leakage with this "semi-open" design was far less than anticipated.  You can only hear the music if blasting it; at casual/comfortable listening levels they were fine...I tried it out in a public library.  Certainly far less leakage than the Grados.  Haven't tried them out in a noisy environment yet to see how their sound isolation compares to my in-ear headphones, but that's not a fair fight anyway...I probably wouldn't recommend taking these with you on a flight!
As with any guitar I buy, the strings get changed immediately (this is my first bass, been playing guitar since '72).
7036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Even though this Hohner 38C Mini Harmonica, Major C is very small and very cute, and has limited value for playing any music, I still like it.  It comes with a plastic casing in order to protect it and keep it clean.  I have two standard size harmonicas which I play every day but I also worked a little with this mini model but it is more of a novelty than a serious musical instrument.  Nevertheless, I found it to be a unique and interesting mini-harmonica.
2443	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A very affordable mic which is normally used for instruments  can also be used for Voice and vocals when used with windscreens A2WS AND A81WS both also made by shure and sold separately I had 2 of these a decade or so ago which sadly I gave away but with this one I begin to rectify that mistake  and it's exactly as I fondly remember it warm sounding and great output if you are a DJ/ANNOUNCER  like me and have a home studio too this is a perfect practice mic (with the aforementioned windscreens)  and you don't have to spend an outrageous fortune.

For my uses, spending an additional $300 for a UHF unit isn't worth it. As a comparison, I own a very nice AT4033 studio microphone and this sounds just about as good going into a Canon 60D with Magic Lantern firmware (which took care of the bad hiss problem). The ability to monitor the sound via the included earbud is a very nice bonus. It's lightweight and easy to carry around and doesn't seem to eat up my rechargable 9v batteries.
742	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was the cord I was looking for--splits mono sound across the stereo input in my Canon 7D and 5D m2--solid, no breaking up of signal like some cords I've used.  I would have been happy with a shorter lenght, but it serves me fine.  Does the job--
They do stick out a little from the instruments, but not a problem, "when you are handed lemons, make lemonade" , I just hang my clothes on them to dry while I play.
they don't rebound nearly as well as solid sticks. this has a few effects.
I actually own this & a Tube Screamer and don't think I will ever need another distortion pedal.

8614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always have loved this head.  Sound is great and durability is even better.
The quality seems pretty good and so far, after two months or so it's still going strong.
1724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa makes great products.  This splitter is solid and does the job-

8472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks, useful for my mandolin.

8543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First, picks are all personal preference. In my preference, these are my picks. I found one on the ground about five years ago, and haven't switched picks since. I have used several, but the grip, flexibility, and feel of this pick is just perfect for me. I play mostly different forms of rock, soft and light. This pick works perfect for me!!
2379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this one to replace a Shure 8900. It's a big step up from that one. I am pleased with it. The old one had a lot of handling noise. This one has a little but it is very good for the money I paid for it. My next one will be an SM58, but that will be awhile from now. I'm very happy with this PG58.
7466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pickup for my Martin OM-28.  I did not do the permanent installation, and I like that it is easy to put on and take off.  I use this with a loop pedal and I can now play my own acoustic guitar backups to fiddle music!

5504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best delay pedal in the market. Period.
6748	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAAA++++++++++thanks
That said, I'll say again, the Straplok System is a great product.  I know, I've owned another set for more than twenty years!
4437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
1877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. Never an issue. No loss of tone. Never breaks or fails. Quality product for a good price.
2582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fender....Marshall, over & over! I remember buying a Vox once and it was great, but I fell back into the rut...until I saw this Vox. It IS SWEET! Clean channel is sweet and sorta moody. OD just kicks ass! If your'e looking for a Marshall, this ain't it. This an all purpose amp.
649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed and thought I was getting. Worked well and cable material/length was just as described. Sounded well, although I'm sure most of all cables are the same in this respect, and did exactly what I needed it to do.
1581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great for our school show.
That said, depending on what you ended up with, this pedal may not work for you. On the other hand, as someone noted, if you have a tube amp, or, as I said above, a Gibson or Epiphone style guitar you might like the sound of this one.
(4) Nice casing and footswitch; drab color

6850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite pick, and this is the only pick I use for any of my instruments.  The grip is nice, the rigidity is perfect, the attack is just right for my needs.  I've never had one break, and I've never seen any quality issues with these.  I am constantly losing picks, which is my fault, not Dunlop's.  It just made sense to buy the 72 pack to save some $ on the cost per pick.  I keep a handful in each of my guitar cases and a few in my wallet.  My advice is to try out as many different picks as you possibly can, until you find the one (or few) that best fit your needs.  After that I recommend buying them in bulk to save some overall dough.


4445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made in the USA !!  Excellent product
Hot Rods are unbalanced, too quiet, and sound weird.

7101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried several - this is the best. The weight is good (not too heavy) and it allows for playing single strings very easy.
5738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
3736	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cry baby, cry. Make your momma sigh.
6508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchases two of there to mount to a LCD TV wall mount that I use for my photo booth....quick and easy...I need to buy 5 more for my dj lights.
3303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Mic!!!
9000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Evans G2 drum heads are the best heads that I've ever used on my maple starclassic drum set.  Try a set for your kit, you'll love them!
5975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A few years back I started sitting in with some folks at open bluegrass jams.  One thing I noticed right off was that everyone had a clip on electronic tuner and a capo.  Most of them had the Kyser.  I got one and its been great!  I recently got another one.  They come in several different colors.  I primarily use them on acoustic.  You can also use it as an extra hand if you do set up work on your guitars.
6165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	iT WOULD BE EASY TO BLAME THE GUITAR BUT sOME OF MY FELLOW MUSIANS HAVE TRIED IT WITH THERE GUITAR ANS SAME THING.. MOST PRO-NOUNCED ON THE HIGHEST STRINGS.. ALL THE STRINGS HAVE THE SAME VOLUME OR DYNAMICS. WHETHER I PLAY MY 335 OR MY SOUTHWESTERN. ACOUSTIC. THIS IS IMPORTANT TO ME AS I BUSK SOLO.
2038	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Amazing! When you open the box, you are greeted with WM-Pros not WLX-Pros. It's printed right on the modules!



Bottom line is if you can afford it, yes, buy higher quality headphones for studio monitoring. OR if you're buying in bulk and want to save money for when a group comes in to play all at once, these will do the trick...get the job done. And if someone questions you on them, lie and say they're a knock of version of Beats by Dre without the fancy logo and hardware, but the internal stuff is the same. IF the musician doesn't know better, they'll believe you and think the sound quality is 3x better than what either are.
A definite upgrade from the Mandini MV range violin factory strings.
Nice, tough hardware.  The only complaint I have is that you must use screws with small heads if you choose not to use the stock screws provided.  Easy to install, just unscrew your stock strap holder and screw in the lock holder.  Attach the lock to your strap and BAM quick release system.  Fast to take on and off of your guitar.
8178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are exactly wat I needed
There's 3 pockets on the front. The 2 of the larger pockets are stacked on top of each other and are very useful for cables but the smaller pocket towards the top is almost worthless due to its small size and tendency to put strain on the rest of the bag if you fill it with anything.  Overall there are bags with more storage but I found this adequate for my cables, business cards, and a small towel.
181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a pretty good pedal but I was disappointed that there was no way to adjust the sensitivity directly on the device like other pedals I've had.
I have thus far been thrilled with the significant sound improvement I have experienced. The volume and clarity that these 10" speakers produce is truly impressive. To give you an idea, I generally play rooms that are one to two thousand square feet in size and rarely turn my mains up much past 50%. At 60-75% levels (with mixer meters peaking around the zero mark) the music will cut through even the rowdiest bar noise.

[...]
188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good for voluming and expressing, has a nice amount of travel between totally off and full volume
9870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar for a beginner or even an intermediate especially for the price! Can't go wrong!
8072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks - I've always used Dunlop for my acoustic guitars - They rarely ever break, and they help to not break strings as easily
7105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great reeds!
8409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've bought several capo's over the years but this is the only one that hasn't lost its strength.  It's held up very well and is really easy to use.  Its extremely thin which means you can move it further up the fret to give yourself a little more room.  The grip is excellent and I hardly ever have to readjust it from deadening the strings.  I ordered another one for my son who has had the same experience.  I would definitely buy this again.
5145	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i've had these straplocks for a few years now and they haven't failed me once! i love them, and i never have to worry about my guitars getting damaged from a strap falling off or so. they rotate in full circles, and are super durable. you should buy them for all your guitars, and you'll never have to worry again. they are also very easy to use, and "install".
5838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use it with an Audio Technica 2020, it work very well, the filter stays in place and it really improves the quality of the recording. Not much else to say.
2553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic is a good deal.  The frequency range is perfect for micing an instrument like a guitar or mandolin in a live setting.
3414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a good case, but I decided to return it because of the limited space for mutes and accessories.  My son is the trumpet player.  We recently upgraded his trumpet to a used Conn Vintage One from a famous local music store in Silver Spring, MD.  (The horn is apparently one of the earliest Vintage One's made by Conn and it seems like a super horn to me, though I mainly play trombone).  The Vintage One came with a large Conn double case, which my seventh-grader does not need.  I tried the Vintage One in a Protec hard case from the same store and it fit perfectly, and the case has some room in the outside fabric cover for a mute or two, so I bought that case and returned the Gator case to Amazon.  But the Protec cost more than double this Gator case, so the Gator may be a better choice for many players, especially if they carry mutes in a separate case or do not need to use mutes.
5864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Favorite style capo. Great, solid pieces. Easy removal and application. Also stores great on the head of the guitar
5112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as well as any Kyser capo. My favorites. If you like Kyser capos, you'll be satisfied. Some musicians prefer other styles. I ordered the American flag design for a gig on the 4th of July. Got lots of compliments and "where did you get that?" questions so that was a plus. In the end though, it's a Kyser brand capo and it works well.
1542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have in my video bag. When I'm filming an event of any kind, this thing plugs into the DJ/sound guys's board with my wireless mic, and I'm set for the night. No noise or issues that I've seen. I like that this one has the XLR lock, I bought one previously that I didn't notice didn't have the lock, and I hated it and returned it because it would loosen if anyone picked it up to move it. You're in good shape with this adapter!
9921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best picks in the world

1161	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	junk fall apart in your hand
This allows me to jam out and not disturb the wife and kids.  The 10' cable allows is the same length as most guitar cables. It doesn't force me to be super close to the amp. I can scoot back and and comfortably play and use my pedals without interference.
I'm a trap addict, so I have to have some phat bass in my place, and this subwoofer delivers. I can hear the entire lower range clear and distinct. The kicks hit me like punches to the lungs, deep sweeps feel like a heavy marsh hanging in the air, and 808s bang like air cannons. I'm not a sound engineer, but I am somewhat of an audiophile, and considering the price and quality and excellent shipping (I got this for SIX dollars shipping and it was here in TWO days) this is an EXCELLENT DEAL. If you are looking for a cheap unpowered sub for your system, get this, it's an amazing deal, just don't expect it to fill a concert hall.
In my home studio, I've used the 57A to mic a snare (sounds killer, tons of snap and body), acoustic guitar (not bad at all, although I prefer an SDC mic here), and a guitar cabinet (sounds great.)

The amp simulations the Micro Cube provides are, well let's just say they're vaguely reminiscent of the amps they are trying to emulate. The sounds still differ from one another enough to be useful, though, and this little box can pump out some serious (digital) distortion. It's also fairly loud. Like the Pignose and other small amps, you can also mic this amp and get some really suprising results. Using the headphone jack as a line out will obviously yield pretty much the same result you're hearing through the speaker, as the sound is entirely digital.
8771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great heads
5113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
You'd think they'd put 6 separate sets together in one package, but no.  Nope.  Here's 36 individual strings that you have to sort out.
9098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pickup.  I use for lead playing and in combination with the pegasus pup sounds great for clean tones. Give it a try

6956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent case. Sturdily built, well padded, fits my Epiphone Hummingbird PRO like a glove.
1168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good quality cord for the price. It doesn't get tangled easily like the hard cables do
3784	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pick holder because I hate putting a pick between my strings to hold it and because you can't play with a pick in your strings. I originally thought this thing would be kind of large and go all the way across the headstock. Boy was I wrong. The picture is misleading.  This thing is tiny and barely goes across three string. It wedges under neath two strings and you can put two picks (maybe more if they are thin) into the wedges on top. Stays in place well and is very convenient.


1777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great freaking mics. After testing these, I was in awe that all 3 together were $35. These things are crystal-clear and any muddiness can easily be fixed with a little EQing. I recommend these to anyone with any type of budget, high or low. These honestly cancel out more sound than a lot of other name-brand mics I've used playing shows. Just, wow.
6378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  Especially on acoustic.  These are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  They have a long life and do brighten your tone.  Freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape.
4753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sure there are fancier Tremolo pedals out there, but I've always been a fan of the Boss TR-2. It's got a more mellow and vintage Fender Tremolo output, and suits my playing to a T. Pair this beauty up with an Electro-Harmonix Cathedral Reverb pedal, and get lost for days. Definitely worth the reasonable cost!
6604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this Capo!
2511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid time tested mic

  All in all, this guitar required less 'setup' (which I do myself) than other ones I bought. Highly recommend !
In a pinch I will use a .60. More for strumming rather than picking....softer and not so loud.
9869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've never played guitar before so I had no clue of what to expect.. But the guitar was new, (very minor dent in the head stock) but in very good condition.. Quick delivery! I love it, nice quality feel for a beginner guitar to abuse while learning..
8757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My pick footprint must be ridiculous. I just can't seem to hold on to them.
9153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite capo is the Kyser
7410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was long overdue for a new set of strings. I am a drummer and focus mostly on that, but I really do enjoy playing the guiatar in my spare time, but even with that said, I mostly focus on the electric guitar. So I was playing my Acoustice guiatar the other day and noticed how dead and dull it sounded. I knew the strings had to be changed. So I decided on this set and I couldn't be happier. I cannot believe how amazing these strings sound. I'm not even kidding when I tell you that it sounds as if I purchased a brand new guitar. Like I mentioned, I'm much more into drumming, so some of you actual guitarists might read this and be like "Well um, duh, obviously new strings make it sound better, just like new drum heads make your drums sound better!" But honestly, I'm not just talking about how it made it sound better by just changing them, it brought the guitar to life. I've had a few different types of acoustic strings on this in the past (tried different kinds over the years). But I hadn't tried these before and when I saw the reviews they got, I had to try them. They are incredible. There is no way you should be playing an acoustic guitar without these on there. Get them, tune that baby up, and you will be blown away!

2049	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is like a miracle cure for noisy pots on any instrument of piece of equipment seriouslt

And shame on them,  for saying these are perfectly playable.
in some cables, he sent me a new end. very easy to change
14	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My 14 yr. old daughter already had a ukelele that I bought on Amazon a few years ago for about the same price ($34.95), but without all the accessories that this one comes with! She's planning to give this one to her best friend for her birthday soon. Learning to play a uke is pretty easy, and it makes it easier to learn to play the guitar later on!
9673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Price and playability.  Hard to beat.  These have helped me as I practice my sweeps, picked tremolo, and pinch harmonics.
8078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome capo, looks great
4617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my piano I gave to my granddaughter. It's a 22 year old Yamaha Calvinova Digital piano. It didn't have a built-in cover. I tried it on my new piano and it fits well. I know it will fit the older piano well too.
1465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seems sturdy enough, and no noise issues, so I'm pretty much satified with it; it doesn't leave the house so I'm not asking it to handle a lot, but with reasonable care it should last a while.
7293	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	When I opened the package the E strings were misplaced with the B strings and I think maybe Martin Co. could be a bit more careful and attentive in how their strings are packaged Great sounding strings. I have them on a Walden of mine and they resonate well and give a strong tone.
1052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, no problems. would recommend it. It's well made and I received it on time.
8159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	not breaking strings anymore
2099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am an early childhood special education teacher, and I use this chime to signal group transitions, gain student attention, and a reminder to keep voices down. It produces a pleasant tone that my students love and respond to immediately. I highly recommend this product for teachers or anyone who might want to use it as a meditation aid.
7712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
Unfortunately, the first pair I ordered from Amazon arrived with one of the monitors suffering from a blown or defective woofer -producing an annoying buzz across most low-midrange frequencies.  I returned them using Amazons pre-arranged return/pick up policies which was pretty hassle free (save those packing materials if you have the room or at least, until you're confident your purchases work properly) .
UPDATE:
5808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits my Epiphone LP prefectly! The inner lining is plush. The only strange thing that keeps throwing me for a loop is the latch on the opposite side (bottom if you place it on it's side). But it's not worth docking a star for it. It is the nicest case I've owned.
those uke songs with the GCEA tuning. My baritone uke is tuned to DGBE.
8148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings for acoustic guitars.
4668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these on an old Parlor guitar from the 1930s that was getting some neck flexing and way to tight action from heavier strings. These did the trick and sound good also!
3728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great, noisy, jangley strings in a big pack at a good price.
1229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Superb adapter, especially for guitar players who deal with 1/4 out from pedals to 3.5mm auxes or vice versa. (Eliminating the separate adapter piece eliminates SO many potential weak/failure points.)
157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works just like it should! No problems.
4482	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	no problems
7664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are quality reeds and at a great price.  Music stores charge significantly more.  Also, shipping is quite fast which is great for the times your son says, "Oh, I need some more reeds.  I'm on my last one."
Try it and see---it's the cheapest pick around and highly effective.
4876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	An absolutely essential pedal if you like to play metal. This pedal has been named in so many 'lists' as one of the most essential pedals of all time. It is very easy to get classic metal sounds Metallica style, Anthrax, Megadeth, etc. Classic metal tones at your fingertips for less than hundred bucks. What else could you ask for? This pedal has great sustain also, which I was looking for. I use it in combination with a delay and a chorus pedal. It improves the tone from good to great, trust me. Anyway, if you are looking at this item online, it means you want it. Just get it. You have to have it! You will also see your practice improve, because this gives you a tone that motivates you to go back to your practice room more often.
6636	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great bargain.  For a small price the build quality and materials are super.  It has a couple of handy pockets and sturdy zippers.
Over-all good cable, but be careful. You can easily damage your gear when unplugging.
24	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good starter for children to learn, and easy to follow with the song book and whole family love it.


The felt on the mallet end is pretty dense, giving these a nice dynamic range from very soft (P or PP) all the way to FFF. The stick tips provide good rebound and are excellent on cymbals.
1769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Used to split the signal of the wireless microphone to my two speakers. (Mobile DJ application)
9587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play drums since 17 years ago,
I do not recommend this product
8104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	High quality machined Capo. I think Kyser makes the best for the money.
I am terribly irritated by this.

4790	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So I got this guitar for free and I thought it was a bad guitar but boy was I wrong!. This guitar sounds amazing! looks good, feels good, and most of all sounds great! If your looking for a guitar that will not burn a hole in your money then this guitar is the right choice!
7521	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome strings
7584	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	THis is a very articulate pickup! It voices every nuance of your playing...even those you aren't aware of like string squeak and pick misalignment! I suggest you install this in a guitar that has a very warm wood species (mahogany). This is a very bright pickup and putting it in a biright sounding guitar body (basswood) would make it painfully bright sounding. I installed mine in a mahogany Ibanez RG and it sounds KILLER! Nice, bright highs and deep, ballsy low end with just enough mid range to stand out! I would have given 5 stars but the fact that the housing is plastic kind of takes away from the quality aspect slightly. Plastic will degrade and split over time... but I still love this pickup! Getcha Pull!
6892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A bit rough on the fingers but are good strings.
This mic sounds good for our gigs, it's very practical because we avoid using stands and many cables around in small places.
* I saw one review where they said you cannot change the length of the patterns. This is not true. You CAN indeed change the length of the patterns. You can use whatever tempo you want, 120, 140, whatever, and you can make the patterns 4 beats long, or 8, or 16, etc.
4111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good pedal for overdrive. I prefer it to using the Ibanez TS9 for giving an extra bit of grit to the clean sound. I haven't found a distorted tone that I like though. Could be my low end amp.
Is awesome
2871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great studio headphones!  They sound true, and comfort is excellent!
8144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My ideal capo which I have owned before. This time I decided to get a white color just for something different. Nothing to add other than quality device that never wears out. Only type I use.
If LEDs are worth $10 more to you, buy this footswitch.  If not, I might try the cheaper Hosa switch that looks identical - although I can't comment on the build quality or the inclusion of a detachable cable.  I hope this review was helpful!
This cable is at the traditional maximum of 18 feet and you can purchase cables with better end connectors.

4716	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe what a great guitar this is for the price. I hadn't played electric for about 15 years, and I got the itch, so about 8 months  ago, I bought a Washburn Delta King hollow body electric for $220+ ship. I wasn't very happy with it. So, I sold it and after reading the great reviews the Epi Les Paul ii got, I figured I would go for it. So glad I did! This $149 (ship incl) blows the washburn away. I feel like I got a $500 guitar for 1/3 the price. The Les Paul ii sells on other sites for the same price, but no one is better than Amazon on returns, so this is the safest place to buy. Also, very well packaged and right on time!
Most of them are beat to hell but they work.  That's about the best thing I can say about the Beta 58.  It can take a beating and probably not fail.  The sound quality will suffer as several beat up Beta 58's I've used sounded like there was a rag wrapped around the mic but it got the job done in a pinch.
2122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!!
7343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Products
4572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	WORKS LIKE EXPECTED. MANUFACTURE WOULD NOT STAND BEHIND THE WARRANTY. HAD TO REPLACE.
+++
Highly Recommended!
6295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
* Finish: Vintage sunburst
5771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Kyser brand capos for over a decade now. They are my favorites, especially if you play a lot of chords at the root position, as they are unobtrusive around the capo area. It's great for quick changes and I also like being able to clip this to the headstock between songs. Overall, this is an extremely user-friendly addition to your musical toolbox. Strongly recommended for gigging musicians or anyone who wants to change the sound of their guitar with little effort.
6353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have found that picks can make a difference regarding how an acoustic guitar sounds.  I lay out a lot of picks and go through them as I play my Martin and Breedlove guitars.  I always go back to this one.  I use the nano coated Elixir strings and thes picks help bring the highs and mids out with the coated strings.  They are good picks.  .73mm is a key element too.  Not too heavy, not too light--just right.
3907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite brand of go to capo for 30 years... this works just great.
So warm as low end yet bright at high end, dynamically fantastic

UPDATE: I've been using them for more than a year now, and they are pretty flimsy for picking notes in a mostly-strumming song... but you can do it. This is still my favorite pick for strumming. Hope this helps.
7651	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought Dominant string too, but the sound became too warm and lost clear sound.
1692	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect no issue.


8778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for 20 years. My favorite picks for both guitar and bass.
8057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a Hohner Crossover, a Suzuki Manji and a couple of Seydel Session harmonicas that I've been playing for a couple of months.  The Blues Harp has a great, throaty sound that is perfect for the blues.  I love it.  You can play single notes fairly easily on this harmonica.  However, it is probably the least comfortable harmonica I have played.  I've tried adjusting it, but that doesn't really fix the problem.  I have pretty much decided on using the Seydel Session harmonicas - they are easier to bend and the most comfortable harmonicas I have played.  Seedy Session harmonicas have a kind of muted sound, which is nice and bluesy.  The Hohner Crossover is kind of brassy and the best sounding harmonica for my taste.  The Blues Harp is kind of in the middle.  The Manji also has a nice sound, a lot like the Hohner Crossover, but It is a little temperamental; some of the reeds freeze up and don't blow.  The Crossover is a great harp and can do anything that you want it to - if you are really good and if you can adjust the reeds - but it isn't as easy to play as the Seydel Sessions.  If you can master it, the Crossover is a great sounding harmonica, but if you need a little help, the Seydel Sessions is simply the easiest to play harmonica I have found.  To sum up, the Seydel sounds great and is the easiest and most comfortable harmonica I have played.  The Blues Harp is not comfortable to play, but it does sound great.  It may not be as responsive as some harmonicas, but hey, I'm not Jason Ricci; this harp is better than me.  If you just want to jam some blues, this is harp will work.  It is built solid, it sounds great and is a blast to play.  The Manji is a great sounding harp, but kind of temperamental and needs some adjustment.  The Hohner Crossover is the best sounding harp I have ever heard, but you need to adjust the reeds and it is a little more difficult to play than the Seydel Sessions.  The Crossover is more comfortable to play than the Blues Harp, but not as comfortable as the Seydel Sessions.
I'm on youtube as arjunkaul the king of rocknroll
3140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great stand for the money!
7905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It sounds even better than my original strings on my $400 starter violin. I recommend this set.... You can be confident in this product.
6159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pupppy is pretty powerful just running off the batteries.  We've used it on a couple of gigs an it worked well with the volume only half way up.  We are not guitar players and are not using guitars with it.  We are using an mp3 player for backup.  The sound is not quite as clear as we get with our Roland Cm-30 (so only 4 stars from me).  The micro cube is a lot easier to transport and set up and it's nice not to have to load up cart to roll around.  Guitar folk will like this unit with the fx features.

7209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best steel for lap guitar!
6455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I think for the "value", these Martin M630 baritone strings are great. They are relatively cheap - under $5 at the time of writing this. I have had mine on for a few months now and have not had any of the problems that others have mentioned.
3388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This set consists of four&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nady-DM70-Drum-and-Instrument-Microphone/dp/B0002CZQOQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone</a>s and a DM80. The mics are built like tanks and are reliable and capture signals that are surprisingly accurate. Both mics have unidirectional cardioid patterns, which allow you to closely mic your sound sources with little - if any - bleed between and among the mics if they are placed close to the sources. Also, they are dynamic mics, which means they require no phantom power and can be used with an XLR cable or an XLR with a 1/4" adapter for the mixer end.
1969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works good...
1327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works good!
912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	15ft was the length I was interested in - for use in my home music room with both electric and acoustic-electric guitars and ukuleles. THis cord is quite lightweight and resists getting twisted up. The connector swivels are smooth and firmly mounted. There is no audible interference or feedback caused, sometimes, by cheaply made cables. For the price, there is simply no good reason to not go for these general-purpose cables,
7806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good sound from really budget string.  If you aren't going to pop for expensive strings these are great.
9037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use with my Breedlove acoustic bass, and was very impressed. The closest thing I've seen to get a natural, almost finger style sound with more volume. Doesn't slip or flex, and it is, as the name says, stubby, so it puts the point of contact very close to your fingers. If you play acoustic guitar, you might want a lighter thickness, but this is a great pick and we'll worth trying.
6713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great clamp for smaller light fixtures. I've seen it for less locally.  Anyway, I'm loyal to Chauvet.
9874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use a lot of these. Also try the difference in tone using the Blue, thicker, pick.

4682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cover.  Fits my 88 key Yamaha P255 just fine.
6482	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	was right size for my pre 76 MIJ YAKO LP copy guitar
So: this machine is probably swell if you intend to program each song you do--and play it exactly the same way each time.  If, like me, you used the SR-16 for practice, for extending a jam while your lead guitarist got his act together, for a quick simple beat that did the job most of the time. . .save your money.  Stick with your old SR-16.  That's what I'm doing.  Alesis, you broke my heart!  Why couldn't you just give us the same great functionality of the SR-16, but with better sounds?
8453	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this sound great and feel great for finger picking. the sounds is a bit warmer than plain steel and they look cool
2	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	G'daughter received this for Christmas present last year and plays if often.
395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't say much, it's a cable...but cheap and works well. I got this to connect a few audio processing effects to my audio interface.  The cable is worth buying.
The Kyser Capo itself is a great Capo with just one major flaw which depending on how you look at it can be a major flaw or a minor flaw. The problem is the adjustability of the tension. There are YouTube videos out there from Kyser themselves explaining how you can actually been this into adjustability that you can work with. The problem is it doesn't exactly work is easily as they say it does. They are absolutely wonderful to deal with and they actually replaced an older capo for me free of charge. They claim that the older materials were not conducive to flexibility so they took it upon themselves to offer me a newer model. I appreciated that so much by that company that I ordered this one on Amazon just to show my support. Unfortunately it is still extremely difficult to pin this item to the desire tension that you needed for various guitar. Again I feel it is in either minor or major flaw depending on how many times you use it how many different guitars you use with it and so on. Myself, find this to be a minor flaw which is why I feel it gets an outstanding four star review. Of course with this one drawback it prevents me from giving it that final V Star which I allocate for absolutely perfect products that work flawlessly for me.

8318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It looks great on my stand.
it tuned. I like it and would recommend it to
TWO AFTERTHOUGHTS that may be of interest.
Another characteristic of this stick and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pro-Mark-TXJZN-American-Hickory-Jazz-Nylon-Tip-Single-Pair/dp/B000XZWYCO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pro-Mark TXJZN American Hickory Jazz Nylon Tip, Single Pair</a>&nbsp;is if either are left in a car for prolonged periods in places like Central Florida in the summer, they will eventually warp a bit. That may be the case with other brands as well, but I have no direct experience with any brand of stick but this one. Just file that away as a caution if you live in a hot climate.
7838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have used this pedal for quite some time. Its a fairly simple phaser pedal with one knob and one switch. You get a really great range of phase though. Listen to "Plume" by Smashing Pumpkins to hear it in action on the solo part. I also believe its the phaser used on the Dinosaur Jr song "Freak Scene"
8383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks!!!
6518	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Is not a good product. You can find something better. Its hard to make that work fine. Its always with problems.
Just installed a month ago in a 1979 Dual 1264.  The Pickering XV15 from some time ago had the vintage look, and after I'd restored the Dual I tried to keep that look intact, starting with a new stylus to replace the original D400.  Turned out the tunnel the stylus went into was worn, and the assembly itself would come loose with playing and that of course is dangerous and resulted in poor sound.  Another $90 in to a labor of love, and enter the AT100E, which looks good and sounds good.
8029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have played every pick out there since I was 13 - a LONG time ago. Picks are quite simply an obvious matter of preference and I have always loved these .73mm picks. I really like the versatility of holding the pick "incorrectly" and using the grip portion to play with and create a different tone.
4009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	And it works great! Small, easy to use and move, and mutes the fret appropriately. Nothing wrong with it, so no complaints.
2432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a mobile DJ.  This year I was replacing several of my old mics and decided to get some high quality "Shure" mics.  The ones I got were the PG48 model which is actually at the low end of the Shure mic line.  But these are still high quality vocal mics.  After buying two, I bought two more.  These prices beat PSSL (Pro Sound & Stage Lighting) where I get most of my DJ gear from.
113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for one of my students. She's very happy practicing every day with it.
- Ergonomic
9294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo... I love it!

3541	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Bad action, fret buzz, cheap hardware,  faulty toggle switch, crap plastic nut not cut properly, loose strap holders, loose cheap tuners, shall I go on?


1108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very handy when needed  Good quality for the price
5867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the money this is a quality case. It has four latches one locks. Nice Epiphone logo. Lays flat on the floor or stands on its side and even stands straight up (don't think I would try that). Plush interior. Compartment for strap strings tuner picks and more. Perfect fit for my LP-100.
7665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Price of these reeds are a good amount cheaper than what I get at my local music store - Vandoren reeds are my favorite and have the most consistently good reeds in every box (reeds can be finicky as any reed instrument player would know...out of a box you usually get 1 reed that is just a dud).  Great product - great price
9718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed these heads on a Ludwig Keystone drum set - with a 13x9", 16x16" & 16x18" floor toms, as well as on my snare. In addition, I installed these heads on a Ludwig Breakbeats set with the SAME results!  Awesome!

We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
9713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are exactly like my old favorite Ernie Ball straps, for some reason I can't find them in any local music shops anymore.  They're a little longer than the originals, like maybe a foot, but it's ok, they are of course adjustable, otherwise they're exactly like my old favorites.
1584	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I own several of these and they all behave the same way. They are very long and fit a bit loosely though, there has never been a connection issue for me. You're just going to notice a tiny slant when using them. The switch is quite and smooth. All my wires, cheap and expensive, link up well. They are also very light weight. They will add some noise to your signal that you will only notice in studio use. It's not a huge amount and it can be easily removed but, for most applications, a studio engineer will prefer a clean signal to a convenient one. Still, If I'm working with an artist that can't settle down if he/she doesn't have a switch, I'll do what I have to do to keep the peace and record the piece.
8981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.  Worth the money.  Would purchase again if needed.  Looks like it will last forever...and probably will.  Glad I bought it.
1402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use the 1/8 stereo output from my keyboard midi module > direct box > XLR input of interface for digital recording. Works great.

9784	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful beginner guitar, sounds great after tuning. Packed well.
Editing
  C / F
7470	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Switched to Red... Love the Red!
224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So I have had this awesome sustain pedal on my Yamaha keyboards since Christmas and I have put this pedal through the gambit of abuse while playing in my home studio and out on the road and it is one tough unit. very rugged metal casing that has a rubber cover over the top part of the pedal that moves for your sustain. the cord that comes with it is the perfect length to route the pedal to wherever you need it located. Like I said I have borderline abused this unit as any working musician normally does with their gear and this thing is built like a little tank and has served me very very well, and I would definitely recommend this unit to anyone who needs a sustain pedal for any type of keyboard. This particular unit is actually pretty nifty and small compared to a lot of the other units on the market which are bulky and cumbersome and take up a lot of room when packing up especially when you have limited space in your flight case, but this guys fit right in with my keyboard flight case in my extra storage compartment
2998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exaclty what I needed to secure my equipment into my rack.  Would recommend to any other DJ or sound technician in securing your equipment to a rack.
3909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	work great, happy with the product
3084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They survive drops onto hard surfaces and still sound great. Buy this. This is the go-to mic for mic'ing amplifiers, snare drums, wind instruments, vocals, or anything you need to mic. Its great to have fancier mics for specific purposes; this mic is for everything else.
6921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are a great deal and sound pretty good too. I am not a bass player I play guitar but do a lot of home recording and have a Carvin kit bass for that. My strings on it were over 6 years old so they really needed a change. I did not want to sink 50$ into a set of strings saw these for 19 and they are pretty good.
3379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does the job and I have reused the wrap 3 times and with the promark label sticker as well thanks...
- Price beats any music store
7330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cable after having bad results with afew much cheaper ones i had tried. Using this cable with my (better) electric guitar,i could tell a big difference in clarity and sound. Its amazing how a quality cable can make something good sound great. When using it with my (cheaper) electric guitar, i couldn't notice much difference over using an inexpensive cable. The cable itself is well made. If i can get afew years use out of it i will be satisfied. To me, if you have a quality guitar and amp, this cable is worth getting.
However, when I bought the case, it arrived with the bottom gap issue. Fortunately, I live 30 minutes away from SKB's headquarters in California, so I took it to them, and they exchanged my faulty case for a replacement case on the spot. The replacement case has been great, but on the other hand, I have yet to really travel much with it. It certainly is no substitute for a custom-made anvil-type tour case, but then a case like that would cost four or five times more than the SKB 18.

And while the Backpacker, frankly, does not deliver a whole lot of full or complex tonality, I have to say the Martin strings really make it sound about as good as it can sound.  1st E doesn't sound at all brash or tinny, as can often be the case with other extra-lights I've tried on this axe.  And the 6th E does deliver a decently rich tone.
6457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons.  It is lovely.  Clear shard silk screening.  The capo itself is really good.  It is very snug on the strings.
2447	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The SM57 has a long enough history to save me the trouble of describing it here-just buy it.
2847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use them when ever I play, and doesn't bother anyone in the room.
Tons of bass with the deep control and plenty of mids.
8487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works great, did not fit on the Memorex one- the karaoke one (well, it did, but had to stretch it). However, that was nothing to do with the product, which was great.
2340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is so hard to get an honest review of any mike that isn't a Shure SM58. This is considered the gold standard by which all others are measured. Of course at least part of this reputation is deserved, but perhaps more for the durability of the SM58 than its sound. I have a couple of SM58s and a couple of PG58s. I was considering the SM48, but the PG58 has slightly better specs, and almost identical price.
1490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it a guitar cable, friend got a guitar from his co-worker and wanted to learn how to play it, but no cable. so i told him he could use one of mine, only problem is i only had one, idk where my other two went. so i got this, fits snugg
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.

2207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Personally it feels allot like my high-flex sure cable. I took both apart and the only thing different is the name molded into the XLR plugs. I can see this cable lasting a really nice amount of time.
6331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The title says it all. This switch is easy to fit into tight spaces -- I keep it next to the piano pedals and use it to electronically turn pages on my iPad. Switchable "polarity" (a misnomer: it's really "contact form") is handy, but I must take off one point because the positions are unlabeled and the unit came with no documentation. That could cause embarrassment in a hurried performance situation. (I stuck on my own NC and NO labels.)
One certain advantage of the SM-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  This mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying PA squeal.  Another advantage of the SM-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  The SM-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  I've seen SM-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet I've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.
Finally, these sticks come from the factory straight, and the pairs seem to be well matched from a weight and balance perspective. I have never had a new pair fail the roll test (roll the sticks on a flat surface to see if they wobble indicating warp or not 100% straight.)
1619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to work with my ION system and my shure mic. Arrived as expected, very solid great fit. It works!!!!
8170	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great picks.
8073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am an acoustic player that used to break strings all of the time with my heavy hand. These pictures are perfect for me. I highly recommend them
Cons -
3547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin strings are of the highest quality. They seem to last longer which is a benefit if you hate changing 12 strings. They are bright and responsive. The price is very reasonable.
7900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always use Martin strings, they're my favorites, and these lights are very easy on my fingers.
3023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is good because of the adjustable holder (the rubber tip is a nice improvement) but it loses a star because it doesn't have a good border around it.
Dig it.
4142	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very flimsy - the goose neck cannot support the weight of the filter if the clamp is located any distance from the microphone.
...I think the drummer from the band Oasis used these on the song Wonderwall (fyi).  Thats what it always sounds like to me, cool song.
5140	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	wind screen is way too big its bulky and to me useless, the screen came out, was thinking of glueing it back in but went to ebay and bought 2 metal mesh pop filters cheaper that is MUCH better...avoid this!!

2326	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	With a brand like Shure, you can't go wrong. I love this microphone! It takes abuse, and it sounds better than my other mics. I have become a loyal buyer of Shure when it comes to microphones.
2706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everything you'd expect from a Shure SM58. Works great, sounds great, feels like it could really take a beating and keep going. Was shipped to me quickly and I haven't had a single problem with it!
7559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These.  Strings.  Have . Changed.  My.  Life!!!!!!!!!!  I am a guitarist/bassist by heart but love all string instruments so I have been working on my folk instrument skills.  These are excellent for the beginner!  Light tensions so it is easier to press the string and also does not add to the bow of the violin neck, which brings the strings closer to the fingerboard.  These have a mellow, smooth tone, definitely not for country but can easily be used for orchestra, in my guitarist opinion of course.  If you are having trouble with the strings cutting into your fingers, these might help prevent that!  Love Daddario!!
8336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No one should ever need more pick than this. What are you doing with all that pick anyway?
9557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best buy for your bass drum
2246	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and inexpensive.

are the best strings I've ever used for slapping and popping.


8229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for acoustic guitar, love em!
2665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mobile DJ.  This is the best mic I've ever owned. I was worried about not having the on/off switch, but this mic doesn't pic up much feedback at all.
These are kind of flexible but I like that and also I can turn the pick and use the edge of the top section where it's rough to get a grindy bite.
6720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as expected!
They use the same guitar body for both.
5326	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I would not recommend this to anyone.
1982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am not an audio or video expert but I found that this mic really worked for me.  I started doing some video reviews on Amazon.com and the first thing that I realized was that I needed a separate mic.  When I used the mic on the camera it sounded as if I was in a cave.
Use them all the time at church and at home
9071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I did some research before buying 2 new humbuckers for my Ibanez S470 and came to the conclusion that the dynamic duo of Seymour Duncan's SH-2 and SH-4 were for me. I found the 2 sold together as a combo pack for a great deal at $110, when otherwise they're $70-$75 each. So I was happy I got what I wanted for much less than I was prepared to pay but enough about that.

102	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter's birthday. Without any prior experience playing a recorder, you may get some squeaks on the lower notes. That's common and easy to correct. Usually, you're blowing too hard or you're not covering the wholes tightly. Also, you can make a note sound sharp or flat by blowing too hard or by blowing weakly. It's a musical instrument. You have to LEARN how to play it. Go to YouTube for help.
9909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome strap. Great value and looks good and works well
3588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly the same as describe here, love the sound and easy to play. great price for excellent sound, highly recommend to everyone.

The fabric is thin, but appears to have a high thread count because it has a tight, silk-like feel. It definitely keeps out dust.
377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am using this Hosa XLR cable on a mic preamp to sound mixer setup.  This distance needs to be kept short and this cable worked out just fine.  The price was most fair and the shipping was very fast, in my case.  Terminal ends seem real solid and the cable itself is of good quality.
5178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. but other than that works as intended.

7276	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Daughter prefers these versus other brands whens shes not using her synthetic reeds.  Durability is just as good as other brands.
Update:  figured I'd post this, maybe it will help others.  I had to file some edges of the fingers that were rubbing against each other.  Then, in order to stop them from 'drifting' back into each other, I had to glue them (fingers not removable anymore!).  No biggie for me, as I don't see doing half Chord Buddy, half fingering anyway.  The biggest fix came in keeping the Chord Buddy from tilting down.  I took a rubber band and looped it over the rounded plastic (by the tightening screw), underneath the neck and hooked to the other side.  This gives it enough tension so as to not continually flop down.
6856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Strings!
3666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful gadget!! My guitar just loves it :)
698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I used this for school.
7384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a 1993 Taylor which is in mint condition. I always use Martin on any acoustic. I bought the Taylor about 6 months ago and have found that the Medium Martin Strings are best for this particular guitar ... every acoustic is different though. They keep in tune. Im a blues guitarist.
4612	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected...fast delivery, thank you.......
6717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use.........perfect for light weight lighting.
1127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good value!
2329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is just one step below professional Shure microphones but great maybe for karoke and small family gatherings where sound quality doesn't matter as long as your voice amplifies. This does a pretty good job on amplifying and convenient price.
6012	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes a great capo. I have a bunch and have given them as gifts. I like the bright colors, because I tend to lose things, and the color appeals to me anyway. I have  2 year old son that also loves capos- not for guitars, but all sorts of things that you might think would ruin it or scratch it, but nothing seems to do any damage. I don't even worry about it any more. And they don't damage the guitars, they're super easy to use, they look good, they keep me from even having to try to think about what I should do when I can't sing as low as a song is written (seriously that's THE BEST part for me), and you can get any color or even a pattern. Excellent product.
it's a little difficult getting the spacers out but these seem well-made
6337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they feel great. except they're clear so they get lost easily but who cares. they're good for bass and guitar
5383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I tried this model a few years ago, and I never had a problem with them (once I got it installed), but I went back to the Schallers I had on my other instruments.  I thought (and this has been mentioned by others) that it makes the strap stick too far out from the instrument, which I thought looked goofy.  I also didn't particularly care for the push button release, and getting the locking part on the end of my thick strap was a challenge; these have a C clamp, not a nut, so there's no allowance for differing thickness. I also felt safer with the Schallers, which hook onto the end of the guitar strap button and didn't depend on a spring loaded button to keep the parts together.  As I said, I had no real problems with them, so if they look like they'd work for you, great.  As with all replacement strap locks/buttons, you have to make sure the screws are secure in the button holes before you start jumping off of drum risers, dropped out of airplane, or what have you.
9642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not .60.

6223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the classic capo I've been using for years. I lost one, so I just grabbed a couple and strategically placed them around the house, and now I'll never be without.

What little I've played both of them, I am very satisfied with the quality and sound.

led my beloved concert and the sawtoothPinapple sound rich mellow and really hold their tunning.
1322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable! It works! And, like all the cables that I try to buy, it can be disassembled and repaired if the connections happen to go bad, which I find to be very necessary as cables are inherently fragile objects.

134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I always loved these Yamaha Classical Guitars. Perfect sound, easy to play and very inspirational. Well constructed, does not buzz, nice neck and body finish, I would change the strings, makes it sound better. It is my main composing guitar at this point, I simply love it. Why the four stars....well because there are way better guitars out there, but for this price, you simply cannot find a better nylon string anywhere. Perfect addition to my collection. Buy One
I wanted to end this on the controversy of the mini-keys. I at first didn't mind the idea, seeing as how, as they say in videos "you use one hand on the keys, the other one twiddling knobs". then as I actually got it and started playing, I realized something better that I haven't seen mentioned yet, though I didn't read all the reviews here, but it's safe to say NO ONE ELSE HAS SAID THIS, so gather round, make some s'mores, get your camo-snuggie on. the smaller keys works wonders for playing EXTENDED chords, so, to try to be clear and helpful, you start on one key, then, say, the next key you hit is 3 away from that one, usually chords only go like another 2 or 3 keys from that one, these little keys let you really stretch and easily make up chords that wouldn't be possible on a full sized keyboard, or if they did, you would have to use both hands, or overdub. does that make sense? trick question, it does, press rewind if I haven't...well you get it.
The instructions when you open the packaging tell you (out of an abundance of caution I hope) to remove the stylus from the cartridge when installing, then reinsert.  This looks easy on paper, but I couldn't get it to separate, and I was applying more than sufficient force to my thinking.  I can see why, you could bump into the needle with one of your fingers while pushing into the tonearm and then game over, but you just hold it by the sides, slide it in, then screw it down, and less than a minute later all is well.  You can't really make adjustments on the P-mount system, so you will get it right and without delay.
2619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
3895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kyser-Banjo-Mandolin-Capo/dp/B0002CZVWS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kyser Banjo/Mandolin Capo</a>
The cover appears to be well-constructed of quality materials. The spandex is very stretchy and forgiving, while at the same time nicely dense and closely woven. The elastic cording is contained in a heavily-serged seam which looks as though it will stand the test of use and time.
The guitar this model is probably closest to, in spirit and purpose, is not the Gibson Les Pauls but, rather, to the old Gibson Melody Maker guitars from the 60s. That said, this is a hell of lot more guitar for the money than any Melody Maker ever was, and adjusted for inflation, relative to what a Melody Maker would have cost you in 1968, for example, it is almost like Epiphone paying you to play it.
4684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best strap locks in
If you need some big fat plastic picks, I can recommend these, but I personally would push the 2.0mm big stubby picks more.
WRONG.  I thought that too at first.  I figured it's just a piece of plastic, how hard can it be to pick one?  I started out with fender pick because they looked pretty conventional and they were moderately priced.  I blindly went through about ten of these due to them all breaking.

Long story short: I have just now restrung all my soprano ukues with these Martin M600s, and THEY ARE FANTASTIC. I have fallen in love with ukulele all over again. Sure, the Aquila is bright, happy, and bouncy sounding that is really good for strumming, I feel like they aren't really suited for the smaller size ukes (soprano and perhaps even concert). One of the things I felt was that my concert sounded more clear and pure, with each string singing beautifully when strummed, and that sopranos sounded muddy in comparison. I thought it was just the difference between the two sizes. HOWEVER, with the M600s, my sopranos sound MUCH better. When strummed you can feel and hear each string contributing to the overarching harmony. It is truly beautiful. Also, these clear nylon strings have made arpeggios and classicals much easier and pleasurable to play. Also they sound better.
4139	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	its really perfect!!
247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	EVERYTHING IS OK.
2. The guitar is BEAUTIFUL! I got the black bodied guitar. There is no pick guard (a piece of plastic that lays directly on the body of the guitar that protects it from scratches from the pick. Is that a con? It can be yes if you play it alot, you will start to see some marks from strumming. Not a deal breaker, this is a starter guitar.

2321	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good mic for not a lot of money . I really like the on off switch 5 star .
I love the size and shape of this pedal, so I made it a little more personalized by cutting a polished diamond plate foot pad to swap out the stock rubber cover that came with it.
1109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect no issue.
I've observed, as have other reviewers, that the cord tangles and snags easily, but it also looks cool, and I'm willing to give it a little slack for being fashionable. But beware if you have cats: not only does a fabric-clad cord feel especially tempting to tiny claws, it's also more difficult to clean than rubber, should you leave it coiled on the floor and should a hairball be ejected onto it. Again, it looks and sounds good, so I'm still happy with it.
2584	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this about 2003, started using this effects processor for Youth Ministry Events--I absolutely love what it does to the voice.  Best Reverb out there!!!  Quality Quality Quality.  Invest in yourself--if you know you're called to be out there, do it RIGHT.  8 years later, this thing is still going strong and shows no sign of stopping.  And I'm still in love with it.  Have recently used it for international recording artists Vicki Yohe<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/I-Just-Want-You/dp/B0000C3I92/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">I Just Want You</a>, Alvin Slaughter&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Overcomer/dp/B0016CP3US/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Overcomer</a>&nbsp;and others.  I'm a college graduate with degrees in Music and other areas.  You cannot go wrong with this investment, GET YOURS TODAY!  This will make the distinction between Professional and Amateur.  I also recommend you sing with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SLX24-Beta87A-Handheld-Wireless-System-J3/dp/B0006GVPY8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SLX24/Beta87A Handheld Wireless System, J3</a>, Vicki Yohe & Alvin Slaughter loves this mic.  Matter fact, it's Alvin's personal choice wireless microphone system.  Or you can go with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SLX24-Beta58-Handheld-Wireless-System-H5/dp/B00068DA9O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SLX24/Beta58 Handheld Wireless System, H5</a>.  Get those two (effects process and wireless mic system) and you will be on your way to the top...  TIP: When singing at a function/gig, don't allow people to use your equipment, if you do, they're liable to break your stuff....or charge them $50!
4622	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Fit !!
The 3/4 and 4/4 violin perlon and synthetic core I usually purchased weren't as hardy when first getting acquainted with the violin.  So I have decided to test the difference on the violin, and so far so good.
8044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fantastic blues harp! luv it.
4294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings. Much brighter, more vibrant tone than nylagut.
6918	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	wonderful case, well worth the price!
9942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit great.  Looked great. and this color matched my free tuning pegs that my son gave me a while back that I placed on my cigarbox that I just built.  I love to play it!  I love shopping on amazon.  Instead of waiting 6 months to a year to get a cheap plastic toy that you got off of a cereal box top and a couple of bucks that broke the first  time you tried to play with it you get to but real quality products through the mail.  And if you get them through Amazon Prime you get them the day after tomorrow when you order them.  Who would have ever thunk this possible!
8314	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these for a long time. They are very stiff and suitable for alternate picking.
4448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just bought this and I can't say anything negative about it. It does it's job. Nice basic product no need to look further
7385	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product came quickly and were well worth the price. I would definitely recommend these for the average guitar player, especially if you need a cheap set of back-up strings.
Its compact size and decent vintage look make it easy to keep out in the house without looking clunky and ugly.
I also don't like where the graple fixture is located for bolting the light to in relation to the clamp's thumb-screw knob. Kind of gets in the way of the light's yoke, especially split yokes.


8895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I only use Big Stubby picks for my bass guitar.  Good sound, ergonomic, great durability, and cool color.  I use both 2.0mm and 3.0mm picks.  The 3.0mm have a better color and are easier to hold, but may be too wide for guitar string spacing.  I recommend 2.0mm or less for guitar and 3.0mm for bass.
8877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT SOUNDING PICKS
These are great strings in the mid-range of string quality and prices.
With this Gator case I like the ABS shell rather than fabric, the metal clip closures rather than zipper and the shoulder strap with its well-designed clips which puts the handle in just the right spot for me to be able to guide the case if necessary. This is not totally lightweight but considerably lighter and more maneuverable than my Gard case which I like but is a tank. I also like that this case is designed with little feet to sit on a flat surface although its body is curved. It will even stand upright on feet, which from experience I know is a good feature at a space-challenged situation. (Note I would stand it upright only when the instrument is not in it, say at a rehearsal, due to the inherent instability of that position. Or I might stand it in upright position if it could be securely wedged or roped to prevent a tumble.)
8791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i like these kind of picks because they have some grip to them, normal picks i use slip out of my fingers some times but these dont.if you hate droping your pick while playing,get these.


1744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Appear to be well made, great price.
1207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
3667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Strings are great!! They keep there tone even if you store it for awhile. The only problem is that is tends to rust pretty quick..... But for sound wise it pours out a very loud and vibrant sound...
4090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These sticks are excellent, great balance and attack.  Only thing about them that's a little on the downside, and very little is how easy they seem to be chewed up by hi hat or heavy cymbal crashing.  They are great sticks, buy em.
4178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only strings I can use on my Neapolitan mandolin. They sound awesome, and stay in tune well.
9535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NOT TO THICK STILL GET A GOOD LOW END PUNCH!
In my opinion, the best things about this pedal are that it's heavy and substantial, and that the size of the pedal surface itself is big enough that it's possible to play with precise control. I've tried Korg and Roland products that have bad action, or felt like they could be kicked around on the floor like a tin can. This is not that pedal.
3377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome sticks!! Used to play Vic Firth 5As, but these just feel so much better and last a bit longer too.
1578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked as expected
9786	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for me. I don't like a pick that is to stiff, and I like the grip. My hands sweat a lot so I really need the grip.
775	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only snake I'll touch.
9976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great little gizmo, love that once you place it it doesnt move even when you stand your kick up and put it in the case, stays right where you put it,  unlike the old furniture pad/blanket/pillow ordeal ive put up with for so long.
7029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	will purchase again, great value.
In laymen's terms, it absorbs some of the sound because it is porous and waves that try to go through bounce so much they lose momentum and die, and the waves that don't go through get broken up by the pyramid shapes and sent back weaker, and spread out.

8902	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I usually play bronze strings, but wanted to try something different. These have good clear tone and I am very pleased. Also, really easy on fingers in the light gauge.
In all, it's an acceptable inexpensive starter set, not worth the "list price" but an OK value at Amazon's discounted price and a bargain at the Gold Box/Lightning Deal price.
Anyone that's had that experience knows what I'm talking about.
it helps you at sliding as well.
The washer/bell part that holds the strap is so fat that even well-worn or special-cut straps can be used.
2958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product as advertised and fast shipping. Thanks
I hesitate a long time to get this pick because I thought it wouldn't be good for strumming. But after using it, it works just fine for strumming and nothing can beat it when it comes to alternate picking.
deep crispy sound
7751	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I keep theses for other drummers in my studio. They sound great and look well built. Perfect for toning things down for late night jams.
Bottom line: do not let the price deter you if you are looking for inexpensive, but reliable and functional instrument or drum mics. This one is built like a tank and does the job.
9512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got exactly what was ordered. This was for my husband and he was happy with the what he saw in the package. So, alls good.
1444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this product i asked a friend about getting and after i received it, it works better than i thought thank you
We haven't watched the DVDs, because the book has been great. It starts with C7 and F, and then adds C and G7, then G and D7. So it's not the C Am F G combo very common on YouTube. The songs are American folk traditionals, so if you've been around a campfire where any singing was involved, you've probably heard them before. There are lots of good instructions available online, including videos, so, really, the book is just a kick-starter to get you going. It's a pretty good book, with a reference section at the back with more chord diagrams than you're likely to need.

9502	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not a white patch like posted it's actually two clear patches if u want whit u gotta get a diffrent one
Industrial Sounds, for example: power tools (very good)

8087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used these picks for years on Mandolin, Mandola, Octave Mandolin, Soprano Mandolin, Mandocello, Guitar and Tiple. Quality product, very consistent, doesn't wear. The only reason I have to buy more is I lose them!
One note - the picture shows a nice metal mini 1/8->1/4 adapter but what is included in the kit is plastic and lacks the screw-on threads to keep it from pulling out.  The cable is fixed to the microphone and not replacable like professional equipment, but again it's not at that price point.
Turns out the two came and were packed so it looked like it was used except... no wear on the mikes (first tip off, mine look like I drove roofing nails with them) plus the knockoffs sounded like junk and I can't hear.
718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These cables are built well and you simply can't beat the value.  A great addition to my home studio.  Highly recommended.
They do feel light and I don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again I am not going to push it.
There is an exercise where you play 880hz (A above middle C) on just
3151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have two main basses- a Warwick corvette $$5 and a late 90s Dean edge5.  These are large basses and this is by FAR the best stand I have ever owned for them.... And ive been playing bass professionally for 17 years.



4510	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	When I received this Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, Vintage Sunburst I discovered there are cracks in the wooden body, under the paint. I can tell that the wood was cracked before it was painted because the paint flows into the crack in one instance on the back, is visible up over the "shoulder" close to the strap peg and can be seen under the paint on the front. In another instance the paint bridges a crack on back below the cutout shoulder and can be seen under the paint in the right light front and back. Is this normal? (There was no sign of shipping damage on either the outer carton or on the inner product box). Regarding playing, the bass strings buzz on the frets when fretted (not my fingers) which probably can be corrected by adjusting the bridge. I was under the impression that Epiphone guitars were ready to use right out of the box. I have contacted Epiphone/Gibson company to advise on the cracks and the buzzing bass strings. I am concerned that the cracks may get worse, and if this is this normal for a guitar in this low price range made in china. I got a reply from Gibson Customer Service which said "We would need to see pictures, but it would be highly unusual if there actually were cracks in the wood. The set up on an instrument can shift during shipping and handling, so a new instrument may need to be set-up." I will probably return this instrument and buy one in person from a music store where I can see and try the product before buying it.
397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is an XLR microphone cable. Works as intended, very happy with the purchase to go with my MXL 770 Condenser mic.
6420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the case.  My guitar fits perfectly.  I do wish it was a bit lighter in weight!  If you've got one like this that lighter, let me know!
Editing and tweaking your own patches is easy enough via the seven knobs and 3 character LED screen, but it tends to be a time-consuming process, especially since there's no visual feedback of your tweaks. If membrane style programming isn't your bag, then you should definitely download the free microKORG Patch Editor, however since the mK lacks USB connectivity, I suggest the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/M-Audio-USB-Midisport-Uno-MIDI-Interface/dp/B00007JRBM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">M-Audio USB Midisport Uno MIDI Interface</a>. Both the MIDI implementation and the editor are a tad wonky, but you will be able to visually access and edit all of the synth's parameters. Adding to the USB/MIDI functionality, once you've made your connection, you can also sequence the mK from your workstation (Ableton, FL Studio, Sonar, etc.) via MIDI out. This of course, opens up a whole new world of possibilities and will really let you unleash the power of the microKORG. Finally, since the synth engine is same one used in the Korg MS-2000, you can import MS-2000 patches into the mK by means of sysex files. You'll need a MIDI utility such as MIDI OX, and from there, it's gets a little complicated, but if you're a true synth-geek and you want your microKORG to sound like an MS-2000, it might be worth it.
1321	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice cable. Works out pretty good
ONE SIZE DOES NOT FIT ALL
9157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this pedal used at a local shop for about twenty bucks and it has been in heavy use ever since. I also own the Boss DS-1 and this pedal seems to have more tonal possibilities with the tone knobs. I have used the pedal with bass guitars by turning the bottom tone up and keeping some lows. It's not meant for a bass ideally and is not near as versatile as a bass fuzz pedal but sounds good.
3635	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Have been playing guitar for many years now and from that experience can't say I was all that impressed with this set of strings. Did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string. Don't expect several of them to hold up for very long... and I change strings fairly regular due to the amount of playing I do.... but, these didn't withstand the usual period. Mostly disappointed with intonation. Prefer D'Addario hands down. With D'Addario I get great intonation and much better longevity, even beyond my typical switch outs.

Somewhere back around the early 80's neo-d was being used in audio magnets to increase the amount of magnetism per unit of weight. In speakers, this would hold the voice coil tighter providing less movement, and this accomplished one major thing. The ability to use rubber surrounds in ported cabinets, allowing the backside of the cones frequencies within the cabinet to escape at a tuned frequency range, unlike the old sealed cabinets. One reason for the sealed cabs was that the air pressure within the cab kept the cone from over extending and now this could be accomplished with a stronger magnet.
3362	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sticks for the money.
The bass guitar had been on my sizable list of "Instruments to try out, eventually..." for some time, but upon starting the anime series Beck (which any rock fan would love, regardless of age or thoughts toward Japanese animation) I realized it was simply time to start.  And I don't think I could have picked a better starter set for the price.  I've only had this thing for a day, but currently I'm 100% satisfied.  Shipping was super-quick, too.  I'll add to this review if anything breaks.
The problem with those is that they use screws to secure that part that is on the strap itself, and the screw will slowly back itself out and you get yourself a disaster. I've decided to try these because they use a "dual" system: you can use the lock on your strap, or just use your "regular" strap without the locking mechanism. I've only been using these for a week, but so far, I like them much better than Fender's. I think I will replace all Fender straplocks with these.
8983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	How a guitar pick "feels", is such a matter of individual preference, that there really doesn't seem to be much point in trying to rate them, as what I like about a particular type of pick, may not be relevant to another player.  Most picks have high ratings, because players who like that particular type, write reviews that rate them highly.  Obviously, the best thing to do is playing with a pick on your own guitar, but that isn't always possible.  With that said, for what they are worth, here are my thoughts regarding Jim Dunlop's purple colored, Big Stubby 3.0mm picks.
5518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pedal real heavy duty its built like a tank easy to use. Use it more for beatboxing easy to use .if  you like use it or getting into to beatboxing check out jaime woon and Reggie watts and you will see why I got to have this

8079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good well constructed capo.

These are a great item for any audio engineer's gear box.
3585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Listen,If you want an inexpensive guitar with great sound and easy playability, buy this one.  Period.
1053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
Prospective buyers should also know that the 1 KW amp in these is Class D. That's not equivalent to 1000 watts in Class A for example. It's more than sufficient though and Class D amps are great for their light weight and power efficiency. I plug mine into a surge protector that powers a bunch of other devices simultaneously and have never had an issue.
8292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What I wanted on time.
1386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. It seems to work well, no issues in the first couple of weeks.
9094	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo.
2525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I bought this mic, it was to replace the first one that I bought from amazon that did not put out enough volume. Then when I plugged this one in which cost $75.00 more than the first, it didn't seem to work any better. What's the deal I thought. Finally found out what was wrong with the both of them. The end of the cable. I switched from a 1/4" male to a XLR Male. What a deal. Both of them work fabulous. What a difference in sound. Who would have known. Make sure if you want volume and clarity, get the right cable the first time. NO 1/4" male ends.
1599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LIKE HOSA CABLES. ALL WORK GREAT

5502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Versatile delay with plenty of starter parameters and memory locations. The looper works just fine, but that's not really my thing. Actually, I just suck at looping.
7691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got these for a suitcase drum kit I've been building, they were just what I needed to lower volume but still be able to have dynamics in my playing. highly Recommend

The YPT-300 senses the position of the mode switch when it is first turned on to determine if switch closed or switch open means sustain.  This means it doesn't matter with the YPT300 that the switch will not be accessible when mounted to the board.  Check your keyboard to verify this function and if it doesn't make this check, be sure the pedal mode switch is in the right position before gluing!
2670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is easily the most popular stage microphone. We use 5 of these at my church. They have great range and are very durable. We haven't had any issues with them. They can be used for a single person or a group microphone as long as everyone is close enough.
Great product.  Annoying package.
* The guitar has a mahogany neck, but a basswood body. Do not let anyone tell you this is a bad thing. Basswood is a completely acceptable wood for musical instruments. It is not worse or better than mahogany or maple. It is just different. Once again, the differences involved will probably be irrelevant when added into all the other things that players do with amps, strings and pedals to create tone and sound from an electric guitar.
Only two stars for lack of coherence for the education/training this thing provides. GuitarPort on-line offers too little for what you get and absolutely zero bass guitar material in terms of tabs and lessons. Bass amp models (and a good number of PODxt models) require add on purchase here. You could easily spend $150 on add-ons before making the GuitarPort a viable studio VST instrument. Overall a decent product ideally that has been very very poorly executed.

 For a higher priced tuner, the Boss TU-12.
Simply put, Nice guitar. After allowing the strings and neck to settle in together, I spent a few hours a week later adjusting string height, intonation, and pick-up distances, and now this LP *ROCKS* !!!
I use headphones mostly for mixing audio, secondarily to listening to music or my laptop.
8617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thin and light.  Exactly what I needed.  These are very flexible so, make sure that is acceptable for your playing style.

6846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Holds all the strings tightly without causing any damage to strings or guitar. Exactly as described. I would definitely recommend
I didn't have any other mikes to test in this side by side experiment, but I did reach some conclusions:
72	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to play and sounds great.
6468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love Kyser capos, they're inexpensive & never loosen, not to mention this one matches my red acoustic...so dirty! It's gorgeous & the shipment was very fast!
9789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clamp works excellently. Yes I would recommend.
2332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	product as advertised, on time
8317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Is what it is...and it works /,,/ :)

7820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ubiquitous capo. Simple & fast, sometimes a little too much tension for electric guitars but for something so simple and inexpensive, it works great.

217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good pedal. Performs how you would expect it to from the looks. Has decent resistance like a real pedal too.
6062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal is a must have for any pedal board. I love the overdriven sound of this pedal in that it has a distortion element but not so distorted single notes are lost in the fray. Thirty some odd years and counting and still one of the best.
504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for connecting multi-vocal effects units.  Well made connectors, quickly shipped and durable.  Purchased several of this size to cut down on excess cable line between units for recording purposes.  Highly recommended.
112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For a cheap recorder they are in tune and sound good.  Give them as gifts to revive music in our culture.
6598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good price, nice bag.
- Detachable 1/4" TRS cable
4765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works as a pop filter should and is a huge upgrade over my make-shift panty hose pop filter. What else is there to say?
200	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	REAL GOOD
9055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this set of guitar strings for $6 for the full set, and at that price am extremely happy with them! They have a nice tone, and look beautiful on the guitar as well.
3376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Work as intended.

1759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to the band...for back up equipment. Good quality and love the fact that they were packed in the case. Great feature. They are clear and easy to set up. Thanks for a great product and a great deal.
8531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great addition for any musician who uses plectrums.  Pick this one!
2860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These headphones have saved my sanity! I have no idea what they sound like from the inside, but from the outside they are Heaven sent. He's teaching himself jazz piano and he's obsessed, which means there is a discordant cacophony going on in my living room for several hours a day! Now... he loves that improv thing and the notes are all over the place, so headphones for him are a must if he is going to survive his learning curve. I can't promise that I won't throw that electric piano out the front door after hours and days of non-stop chaos.
The velcro straps makes it fit perfectly without ever moving.
5442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings! I'll buy it again!

8118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Love the rosewood finish!
Highly recommend for those who like medium thickness picks.
All the pro-line Shure mics are top quality.  The pro line Shures also hold their value well.  If you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on eBay.  I would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  Senneheiser's EVOLUTION mics sound really good too and are worth a look. The SM-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.
308	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased in March 2013, this cord started not working in September of 2013.  It was used 1-2 times a week and was surely not the performance I would have liked from a Fender name.  That being said, we also have one we're using to connect a keyboard and that one is still working fine.  It must be the movement on the guitar that cause the other one to fail...right before a performance too!  :(
12-5-15 Update. Upgraded the stylus on my Shure M97 XE with an after market hyper elliptical - great improvement!  Took the newly "spare"  M97 XE stylus and installed it on the M92E running on a p-mount table. It weighed about 1.25 grams more than the p-mount tracking standard of 1.25 grams. Didn't want to increase the tonearm mass by adding weight behind the pivot point. So, I carefully removed the 97XE's stabilizer brush assembly from the stylus assembly with a utility knife then reinstalled it. However, it now weighed in a bit under 1.25 grams. Added a small blob of Blu Tack on the top of the cart to correct the tracking force weight, molded it to conform then painted it black. What a sonic improvement! Best sounding "M92E" yet!! GEEK OUT!
4865	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does its job, but nothing notable that will make me rave about it

This isn't bad, and the quality isn't much worse than the other unit I purchased though. I would take either cord almost interchangeably, but given the choice I would choose the other cord.
3483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hello Everyone - here is my review of the Les Paul Special Limited Edition 2. 1st, just want to say my daughter got this for me just last Christmas of 2016. I have been drumming and writing music for 25 years, and have always wanted to play guitar. I almost lost my life a few years ago, and for my daughter to get this starter guitar for me as a gift for Christmas has absolutely changed my life! What a gift! I started lessons both on-line, and with a personal coach. Now for the review...I am a newbie, but I will try to stay away from "guitar talk/technical jargon", or at least define the typical terms you might see in a review.
5741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome case
3339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great puts cable out of the way.
5866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I do some guitar repair work and one of my customers needed a LP case. I have bought a lot of stuff here on AZ so looked at this one and had it shipped to him. He says its great so that is my review.
949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.

8869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my second favorite pick, the first being the 1mm/black Dunlap Nylon. I always have a handful of these nearby in case I feel the need to step back a bit in the mix.
Needs a bit of pressure on strings to eliminate all fret buzz
8944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best pick's, they are made with a matte finish and is great because it helps so it won't slip of your fingers and they last
8389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My husband liked these.
Regarding accessories:
7594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not a bad string ...
3962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the orig, still the best! do you like guitar music? chances are good you know the sound this pedal makes. it is the one. my only stand alone outside a multi effects unit
973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and length.
3	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	According to my order history, I bought this this kit towards the end of 2012 as a Black Friday Week Lightning Deal. I'm writing this nearly four years later.
more mellow, easier to bend and tend to give you a "vintage" tone. The Boomers tend to provide

reed provides the easiest and most consistent tone and pitch.

The jacket on the cable has a very pronounced butyl rubber smell, and it really activated my allergies at first. I stored the mic cables in an open cardboard box for a few months before using them, and that seemed to help a lot with the rubber smell. Not everyone has allergies, so this might not be an issue for all folks--but I couldn't use these cables for anything near my face for the first few months.
5236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are good if you have a few of guitars and got a favorite strap.  Buy alot of extra buttons i got allparts.  seems really sturdy and well made.
9416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good spring. Worth the money.
Also, I love the 3.0mm's color.  It's a combination of blue and purple that varies from light blue to a reddish purple color depending on the lighting.

Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
5028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a well made item. It would work well with a variety of mics given the arm is so lengthy. The downside is that the gripper might not fit on every drum rim. I ordered this one as my primary, and I ended up using the back up because the drum rim was a weird size.
5026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	With straplock systems, I'll only consider these and the schallers. That said, I do prefer the Jim Dunlop design a bit more. These are tested to hold 800 pounds in tests performed by the manufacturer. If you're used to the GREAT quality of Dunlop accessories, these are NO exception!!!
385	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The connector on the female end which connects to the Microphone is very loose!  2 out of 2 units I bought are loose like this.  Better off paying a few dollars more for the GLS Audio cables which have a much higher quality connector.  I'm happy with other Hosa cables that don't involve XLR connectors, but I will never buy Hosa XLR products until they switch to a higher quality.
6882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My guitarist likes these.
4836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this guitar since high school, so it's been more than 6 years. I am happy to say, it still works and sounds great. It has been through countless jam sessions, and it has persevered all the abuse. since it was so cheap, I did not care for it much. But having had this guitar for so long, I have come to seriously appreciate it.
The action is extremely easy, fret board has a great feel to it, good width on the neck, not too slinder but not too thick.  It just feels good in your hands.

We are getting ready to change the strings that came with them to Elixir Nano-Web Light Gauge strings. It will be interesting to see how much better they will sound with better strings on them.
6648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Love it!
2607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's incredibly small, it looks swell (in that granny in the '40s Vox way) and it sounds ridiculously good for its size and price (and solid state setup). I wish they'd made this thirty years ago. You could play in a restaurant with it. $930 less than those tasty Swart amps, too. I wish Fender had something comparable. Whatever you're thinking of getting, get this instead.
8557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are red because they make you famous.  They are so subtle in attack but not so subtle shades of gray, so angry with speed and articulate and yet, so NOT MACHO, they feel a bit stiff but that's what makes them round and fat sounding.  If you strive for a subtle pick attack, yet an articulate rendition of 'dueling banjos', this is the pick for you.  It's red with envy like your other friends will be that use blue or black picks.  The color counts big time.
2369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really don't know much about mics to make an opinion, this was recommended for me, I am a newbie to singing and it meets my purpose. I like the on/off switch because if your not singing and you bump the mic with your  instrument it makes a loud undesirable noise, so you can turn it off.
9378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if you loose your picks frequently like me, you need to get this packet right now, these are my favorite tortex picks
9142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these picks on and off for about 5 years now.  I'm not a very good player, and it shows in my lack of knowledge on picks.  Since these picks don't show what their thickness is I guessed and went with the mediums.  Well, they're definitely thinner than the .73mm Dunlop Tortex picks, which I've mostly been using.  I recently went back to this gel pick and found that rhythm sounds much better with these, and the grip is slightly better as well.  I didn't realize how much the material and thickness of a pick impacted my tone, especially on electric guitar.
8834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just plain love these picks. I just can't imagine playing bass or mandolin with anything else. They feel nice and comfortable in the hand thanks to the indent for the thumb. They give a nice, driving, punchy sound with my Thunderbird bass and on mandolin they're great, especially for tremolo picking. They feel big and hefty but comfortable and controllable at the same time.
The only way to prevent this from happening is to stop the sound from ever reaching your walls/floor/ceiling and to keep air from reaching outside. The way studios do this is by building a room completely inside another room, including pouring a new concrete floor separated from the original floor by something akin to hockey pucks. Instead of putting drywall on the studs as in normal home construction, studio builders will leave the inside wall unfinished, build completely new framing, and hang drywall on that. If sealed properly, the inside room will transfer sound to the air between the walls--but the sound won't get much farther than that.
7843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really nice capo.
5182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best cables I own. (In fact, I have 4 or 5 of these in various lengths.) Add in the cool ability to turn it off and on with the circuit breaker switch and you've really got something. I have never had any issues with any of these cables. Hard to say about some of the other brands I've purchased.
I highly recommend these strings.
7190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	classic, standard reeds...you cant go wrong with these.


5766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this!  Have several Kyser products now through Amazon and I'm now a believer. I might have to buy more to get a variety of colors for different occasions. Great prices and fast delivery.
5408	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sticks! I would definately buy them again.
6812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ultex picks sound a bit jangly on my Martin dread so I use something else, but these babies really brought my Gibson jumbo to life like nothing else did. I had tried everything to coax an exciting sound out of that big old box, but these picks finally did it. They were a total revelation: bright, crisp, clean, upfront sound. Easy to hold, fast and slick, they feel good against the strings and boy, do they sing. I use the 73's for flatpicking or digging into blues, and the 60's are great for smoother rhythm playing. Sometimes in a pinch I'll even use a 1.0 on the mandolin, although it's not my first pick, so to speak. Contrary to other reviews citing indestructibility, I have found they do create dust from being shaved against the strings, which is a little strange and a just a tad messy, but it's more than worth it for the sound. My only gripe at this writing: how come the 60's run a buck-fifty more per six pack than the 73's do?  Oh, the injustice.
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
I think I am getting addicted to the Amazon no questions asked return policy! I am now tending to select the Amazon fulfillment option more often, even if the price is a little higher, just because of this policy. :-)
9543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
3022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is very helpful and value priced but I wouldn't go so far to say it's the holy grail! Several reviews I read of this piece said that someone held up a light and blew air through it and the lighter stayed lit... Yea... don't expect that to happen, but it will cut down on some ugly p's and t's when recording!
917	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a freaking awesome cable.  Way better than the one Guitar Center managed to convince me to buy years ago, probably for twice as much.
5909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So BOSS is celebrating their 40th Anniversary this year, and I couldn't justify getting the HIGHLY priced 40th Anniversary box set of the original Traffic Light Series. I saw this, and figured I'd get it instead. BOSS is supposedly only releasing them this year. I believe there was a VERY limited run of these in a black-sparkle finish, but these are just the black ones.
898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable that looks great and functions properly. Connectors are very good and cable appears to be well made.


4834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for over 40 years. I currently own 60 or so guitars. My problem with LP's is they feel like a boat anchor around your neck, I've bought and sold quite a few. Another problem with real LP's, you only get one chance to drop one, just see how many used ones have head-stock repairs. They ARE beautiful guitars but not comfy for me to play. I deal in used guitars, picked up an Epi Special ll along with several other guitars at a resale shop for very cheap. I didn't mess with it until I was ready to set it up for resale. I fully expect to do a fret level on most guitars, even a lot of higher end guitars need it. I found on the Special ll the frets were actually very well done (Chinese version from 2011) and only needed a slight leveling (would have played fine without it but I am very picky). It didn't take much to get it set up, small truss rod adjustment, new set of 10's for strings. little bit of adjustment to the bridge, cut the nut a bit....note it played well the way I got it, just like my stuff perfect. Got it set-up and plugged it in to check the electronics and that's when I started to really become impressed with this guitar. Cheap pickups are supposed to sound muddy with no character, these sounded pretty good, actually very good, nice and bright with a nice tight bottom end. I check sound also by cranking up a backing track to stage level and playing a few tracks. It cut through really well. I noticed while doing this test that the volume had a very nice sweep to it and didn't lose any highs when turned down. The tone knob was also very usable with a good sweep, very nice. I popped off the back cover to check what was in there, full sized pots, maybe not the best quality but much better than expected. I normally upgrade electronics on my personal guitars to get the controls to operate the way I like but no need to fix what's not broken. Yup, I said "on my personal guitars" because I am keeping this one for myself. The neck is very fast and comfy, it's NOT a boat anchor so my shoulder will thank me. The tuners are the lower end trapezoid type but turn smoothly with no backlash and keep the guitar in tune fine, once again if it ain't broke don't fix it. Please note that most tuning problems are from a binding improperly cut nut. I've set-up hundreds of guitars and almost all of them need nut work, doesn't matter what price point you are at. This also has a bolt on neck. A lot of players say you have to have a set (glued) neck. I feel glue actually deadens the sound a bit, I prefer a good solid bolt on to transfer sound, IMO. I have found that the quality level of the low end foreign guitars has become very good. I know that corners have to be cut to get to the price point of these budget guitars but all in all the Special ll is good to go right out of the box with just a little tweaking. My advice is to go try one, my taste may not be the same as yours. There are a lot of good value well made guitars now-a-days, I just found at this price vs quality ratio the Epiphone Special ll really is special. Get one, get it set up for a few bucks if you can't do it yourself, and you will have a good instrument. Oh did I mention this is a very good looking guitar?

I am running the tracking force (at the recommendation of the shop that restored the Dual) close to the upper limit of 1.8 (I'm at 1.75, while the manual states optimal is 1.4).  The anti-staking is just shy of 2, and every so often it seems the right channel has some distortion which may mean I need to make a skating adjustment, but I have no blank vinyl to test it on (yet).
There are better Uke's on the market... those are for pro's. This is a starter unit.
2 x American Dj Pl-1000 Pinspot With Lamp  $20
2558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great synth. The construction feels pretty cheap. Some of the plastic parts bend where they probably shouldn't.
6162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The MicroCube came with new AC Adaptor that supports 110V and 240V. Now I can take it along and use it in Europe/ Asia and USA.

5970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds good and works great.
2256	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did a review of this and some other low cost mics at YouTube. My name there is Featureman. The video was uploaded on December 27, 2013. It is called Mic Comparison Shure Nady Behringer Pyle Low Cost Microphones. I compare them to a Shure SM57 which is a great $99 mic.
9244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite guitar pick. It's exactly the right size, the material is not slippery, long lasting.
I don't think the learning curve is too bad, as I was improving reeds right out of the box, just follow the instructions and enjoy the better quality reeds.
The one area in which the headphone does not excel is isolation, but that is to be expected with an open (they call it semi-open) type cup construction.  On the other hand, it is extremely difficult to attain this level of sonic excellence in a closed-back design.  I've heard none, if they exist, but even if there is one I'm sure it would be much more pricey.  Generally, one just expects to give up the "airy" sound of an open design with a closed headphone, so it depends on the importance of isolation to the listener.  I have a pair of closed-backs to use when needed, but most of the time I'll be using these.
I feel cheated and scammed. I truly hate this product!
  A/ D

1535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great on my 100 watt Amp. Almost compares to a monster cable. And with Its length Its plenty of Room from your Guitar to amp. GOOD PRODUCT!
  A - There's an independent compressor/limiter (that is quite effective) which you can easily turn on and off let alone adjust.
4906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
6312	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love it! The looks and feel is awesome, and the price is right too. I will recommend this product to all my friends.
The AT311EP is better than even other AT cartridges that look cosmetically identical, such as the AT92ECD, which costs a few dollars less.  The others are cheaper but the extra few bucks for the AT311EP is a good investment. The first reason I say the AT311EP is better is the ATN3472SE stylus used on both the AT311EP and AT92ECD is elliptical (also known as bi-radial) and is not conical (also known as spherical.)  This particular stylus is very narrow so it goes deeper into the groove than other elliptical styli in the cartridge's price range. The difference seems to matter less sound wise with a 45, but with a 33 microgroove album in excellent condition the difference in higher frequencies is obvious.  The AT92ECD cartridge has nearly identical specs to the AT311EP in all regards except for a 30% lower output voltage of 3.5 mv instead of the robust 5.0 mv output on this AT311EP.  The higher output of the AT311EP translates to a stronger signal for an improved signal to noise ratio.  To me the significantly higher output voltage from the AT311EP is more than worth the few dollars difference.
7854	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I took Violin reviewers' advice and ordered these when I ordered a violin.  I put them on a brand new violin before even trying out the original ones.  They fit fine and sound fine.  Get them.
8881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son to clean his guitar with. He really likes it a lot. It works very well if you use it with a microfiber cloth. I would buy this product again!
3158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. Simple.
1894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These pedal cables are of superior quality at a reasonable price. Well-designed and reliable, I highly recommend these. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product.


4769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use Dunlop Straploks on all my guitars and basses (let's just say I have a LOT)....  Been using them for 20 years I guess, without a single mishap, without any disappointment.
7300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Vandoren Java's for a number of years now, and rarely use anything else. I bought these to use with a Peter Ponzol  mouthpiece that's pretty open. These reeds work for me. You have to find what works for you.
5711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo.
3842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	But I feel very much like a black rock god when playing on this pedal. It's that cool.
2031	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I've had this mic for almost two years.  In that time it has only left my home occasionally.  It always sits attached to my camera mount because I use it to make how-to videos at home.  It's never been abused in any way.  Today I went to use it and it was simply dead.  I tried a fresh battery and nothing.  It isn't a bad connection or a loose wire, it's just that some component on this thing's circuit card pooped out.  I have never in all my years of music and video production had a mic die this way.  Shame on Audio Technica for putting this piece of junk on the market.  BTW, I have another AT mic that I've had since 1981 and it still works.  My how times have changed.  It gets two stars simply because it sounded good when it did work.
4348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	100%
They last a lot longer than celluloid.
1100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa makes great cable products - very happy with the male and female splitters I bought from them
739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well made. Works as it should. However, seem to be getting a little bit of noise from a shotgun mic straight into a D800. (more than the usual expected)
6679	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No Problems.
863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like this beautiful cable. Great price /performance relationship. Compared with other cables that I owned it has a low tendency to twist.
---- Lessons with a pro - $15-$25 in my area of the Midwest.  Assuming 6 months of lessons - every week - $315- $525.  A pro will teach you things like proper posture, hand positions, where to hammer the fret, whether or not the pick is your friend, and whether you might be better off playing tambourine.  Committing to lessons will also likely get you to practice more - cuz you really don't want to play the tambourine, right?
7618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They sound good, they were easy to put on, and they hold tune
  Exterior Length: 49.00 "

3795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Okay, I didn't buy my set online, but I wanted to write a review to cast an doubt aside. I have been a guitarist for years, but had only used Ernie Ball's and Dunlop strings. Recently I have started increasing my gouge sizes which made me turn to try these. I got the 11-50 set (had only used 9s and 10s-46 in the past except for recently trying the Heavier Ernie Ball sets). I had always heard minimal differences in the strings I had used. Always thought to just find what was comfortable to you and sound wouldn't change... As soon as I put these on my Zakk Wylde Bullseye, and hit my first couple of chords on the clean channel. It sounded brighter. I liked it, but just a minimal difference as I had mentioned before... But the moment I switched to the dirty channel and kicked on my overdrive pedal, it sounded like there was a monster roaring in my amp! For whatever I played on the dirty channel, whether it was very light gain to play CCR, or the gain turned to 11 for BLS, the tone was unbelievable and a super great variety. Other strings keep the same basic response whatever your settings are changed to. If you are set to high bass, and low treble, they still have insane treblet, low bass and vice versa. But not these strings. These change response to match what your amp/pedal is set to! Need high treble and low bass? They will give you that. Need 10 bass and 4 treble? They give you that, but still with unbelievable clarity! Very versatile. I know this is a long review, but I am blown away by these strings. If you are like I was and thought strings didn't make much a difference, try these!
7834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These strings are fine for the price. The sound volume and quality are good for a 1/2 size violin, except that the A and E strings sound a bit muted. They don't produce enough resonance as the other two strings do. This could be issues with my violin too. Another problem is that only E and G strings have this tiny plastic "sleeve" on them which stays between the strings and the bridge to prevent the strings from cutting into the bridge. A and D strings don't have this. This is a bit strange. I have sets that have all the strings with this sleeve on, or only on E string, or not at all. Expensive strings won't have this kind of problem.
9322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!
8143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am still learning and play only for myself,but I reall enjoy this harp,it has a beutiful sound and mine has very tough,it gets alot of unintentional abuse.
Overall this is the case for the Epiphone Les Paul. I saw the Gibson case and I just don't see them as superior enough to justify paying more. I am satisfied with my purchase and I think most people would be. Five stars for now. I will edit in the future if necessary.

1356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for the application. Great price and fast shipping. Use this between my drum machine and the amp. Should last a long time.
I've had 4 Vox amps, in order of favorite:
7828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played these sticks on stage and they work great. However, make sure you're ready for them. If you're too much of a hard hitter and aren't used to being a soft player, these can last you probably a couple months. Maybe less. This is more-so for players who know how to use them!
7514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter likes Vandoren reeds the best and her music teacher recommends them.  She is a top Jazz student.

9379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very thin and flexible which provides a softer sound on my acoustic guitar. Only ones I use now!
434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like Hosa and Rapco cables.  Never have any complaints on the quality and reliability.  Will definitely purchase more as needed.
2005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this very well made microphone based o customer reviews. It is a very clean, crisp, high output microphone that can be used for any application. I use mine to make announcements in a radio studio and it sounds great! E835 alot of microphone for t a few bucks.
2348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well
I've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz.  I must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig.  Within 10 minutes I was pleased with the MT-2.  I used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.
8177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the best and if you don't agree YOURE WRONG
9421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	offers a whole new level of ear thumping purgatory every time my son plays, which is almost every evening. at least the sound is pure and vibrant compared to his old set of heads. i highly recommend this item for anyone looking for one of the best drum heads and at an affordable price.
2861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Given that the "Semi-Open" headphones sounded like a weird sales pitch, i think its pretty accurate.
5905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works great!
1243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfecto
5186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I've used the Dunlop Straploks system.  I've always used the competition.  These work just as well.  I guess you just have to make sure you lube the little ball bearings once in a while.
7007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great. I own 5 different gauges. I like the gripping surface. .90 is my favorite gauge and the rounded tip is super fast.
9427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks!!
3518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my husband. he loves it, he has a few Boss pedals and they have all lasted the test of time
2277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	6 months of usage, shure sm58 is worth every penny.
2934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My pianist/vocalist has been using this mic for the past year and it has held up to the rigors of twenty plus gigs a month. We have run it through a variety of PA systems as well as a Roland KC-110 keyboard amp and the sound quality is consistently superb.
3354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	definitely helps by not letting the sticks fly out of my hands. It also absorbs some of the shock so that my hands don't hurt as much after playing.
6473	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its interesting to know that oak  sticks have a very long life. The sound gives, I think, a hight pitch that  helps to  make a cleanest performance. It's good to think when and where to use them, I mean special moments.

The sound is perfect, and they last a good long time.

9829	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Guitar for the money! Sounds clear and bright. I did a little adjustment of the neck and is feels awesome when you play.
2113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	8va g-d-f !!! Great overtones as the chimes ring out  !  I am using it for a doorbell. Drilled a tiny hole in the striker and stuck a safety pin through it with a shoe lace attached to the mounted wooded chassis . I hated these electric battery operated  door bells that sound like an Atari alarm clock. Batteries erode all the time. The chimes come with a counter-sunk hanging spot just for a person who has instinct and vision to delight his guests with a musical calming chime.. Mounts with your choice of screws. (not included) 5 freakin' stars . Beautifully hand -made.
1867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great cables. The only con I could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. Most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down.
I have now used this on a Project Carbon (former 2m Red), MusicHall MMF 7.1 and Technics 1210M5G all with great success.
75	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LUV IT, great sound, came still tuned nice accessories, easy to play with cards
5972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had like 3 of these over the past 10 years, I've loved BOSS products for a long time.
4027	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...
834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, matches my amp, no extra noise, and the right angle makes it so the cable doesn't stick out.
I was really bad to leave keys at shows or laying around at different places. This solved that issue.
2569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got my Micro after the first year they came out. I played with it every time I walked into guitar center and knew I had to get one. It really looks and feels like a little toy. It reminds me of the old kiddy casio's they would sell at radioshack.
5467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this and uses it to record and or make music. It is worth its weight in gold!
3178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it, the stand is much better than i thought it was going to be.  it is much stronger and has a lock and un-locking knob on the bottom. the quality of the rubber parts are good too. i thought it was going to be some kind of plastic. i will order more.

9846	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The high E began buzzing a week after I bought it. Slowly all the high strings began buzzing. I guess the neck warped. It's a great looking guitar though so I just hung it on my wall for looks. I got pissed off one day and smashed it over my computer desk. It splinter wonderfully and made a heck of a sound. Highly recommended if you plan on smashing something. Not so much for making music.
I then plugged in a Radio Shack mike that was a spare backup, not even taken out for practice. The model number is 33-3001, probably also discontinued. This was an excellent sounding mike, with good volume, presence and tone.

2483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everything was OK. Recommended seller!
It allows for easy switching of frets and opens smoother than others I've tried.


8719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great for quick key changes.
This reed has been the most consistent, reed to reed, and the easiest

string like these GHS Boomers would be a good choice. Again, if that is what you are looking for in
5772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I keep a capo in each instrument nothing wore than showing up without one. I am using this on my Martin 12-string. The spring holds tight but can easily be adjusted with one hand.
1311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a cable.  Worked out of the box.
These suckers are wonderfully reliable.
7769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These rods are great to use in place of the traditional wooden drum sticks when you need to play a little quieter and not overpower the rest of the band.  My only complaint is that they tend to break down and splinter too quickly.

One issue I did have with this stand previously: the pin that holds the release lever in place tends to work its way out to one side. No biggie - just get some solid object (like a coin or a pocket knife) and work it back to the center occasionally.
7646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very happy...best capo for the $ in my opinion.
4167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	item received on time and as described
1873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say... it is exactly what it is supposed to be. Good quality and no surprises. Good price.

8238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser Capos are great! I've been using this for a few months now and it works perfectly. Easy on/off. Acts as a new nut on the guitar neck. I chose pink because my pink gear never gets confused for other people's gear and accidentally walks away. If someone picks up the pink one by mistake, they hand it right back. :)
1602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has come in handy many times in my studio Z108.net. We love having it around. Good quality affordable price.


6728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This things works very good ...i like it.
4567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my go-to strings for my acoustic. Love, love, love!
1916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the sound quality that comes through this microphone. It is clear and crisp. I tested it indoors without uch noise. I am unsure how it will sound with extreme noise in the background. I don't plan to use it for extremely noisy areas, so it works for my needs. Only drawback is the sound is not loud on playback. It sounds much louder when recording, but I had to increase the volume during playback as high as possible to hear what was recorded.
7976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	After researching and reading the multitude of reviews extolling the virtues of risers for subwoofers I decided to take the plunge and buy 2 of these units for my newly acquired SVS PB10-NSD's. And as many of the other reviewers state, there is a marked improvement in the tightness and depth of sound once the risers are in place. The Auralex Grammas almost match the dimensions of my subs exactly. The fit and finish of the risers are first rate (if a little rugged looking). I do however think they may be a bit overpriced considering the materials used in the construction. Overall I believe these are a must have for anyone owning a subwoofer. Your neighbors will appreciate that you got them (almost as much as you will).
9276	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far I like them...still deciding.
1626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fast ship and good connections
What i like the most is that it is a quick one. Period. It is metallic and strong enough to keep your strings in the fret.
907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to hook up a camera to an older mixer that only has 1/4 outputs.  Works well and didn't break the bank- it's all I can ask for nowadays.
My reasoning is, EVERY kid who wants to play guitar also wants to modify it. I've been teaching for over 40 years. In all that time, almost every youngster or teenager puts stickers on his-her guitars, draws on them, tattoos them, refinishes or carves them! You wouldn't want them to do that to a fancy expensive instrument.
746	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used this to hook up my SM58 mic to both my NEX-7 and my NEX-VG10 and in both cases it worked great.
6860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought this for my guitar and it worked very well for that, so I tried it out on my 4 string uke and it works just as great. It's so much better than the elastic capos. So, it's doing double duty and going strong.
5. It arrived very well packaged, they really protect the guitar, absolutely no damage. I have been so happy since getting this gift, and knew it was a good enough guitar to start lessons with an instructor. Definitely worth the money. If you are on the fence, take the leap, you will not be disappointed, especially for someone who is just starting out on the guitar journey.
8816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice professional stage view.  Good invention.  So far its holding up pretty good.
4563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	While I've been using Ernie Ball Earthwood strings for a while now, I have to say this is the first time I've tried the 12 string version. The Ernie Ball brand is certainly no stranger to those of us who've been playing guitar for a while and like their infamous "Slinky's", the Earthwood strings certainly deliver the goods.  Having used the Earthwood's almost exclusively on my 6 string acoustics (when I can find them locally at least), I was curious as to how these would sound on my Ovation Standard Balladeer (which until recently has been getting Martins).
9763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good ones. They work great. If you use thin picks, get them.
9582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my favorite pick to use of all time
7225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	IT WAS JUST WHAT I NEEDED TO MAKE MY STEEL GUITAL MOAN AND SOUND LIKE THE PROS. I REALLY LIKE THE SLIDE.
4261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great and sounds better than my old ghetto rigged "hanky draped over the mic" solution.
8020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice and crisp for acoustic guitar tracking.
2178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sounds really good & stays in tune
544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is what you need to connect an XLR mic to most DSLR cameras for video use. I already had one, but got another for a two-camera setup. The Hosa is well made and my current one has lasted years and looks new.

Even though this AT311EP, the Shure M92E plus other AT cartridges are touted as "Universal Mount" and come with components included to adapt them to a traditional half-inch headshell mount, I would never suggest any P-Mount (T4P) cartridge for anything but a P-Mount tonearm.  There are better half-inch cartridges available for around the same money or just a bit more that are easier to setup on a half-inch mount headshell. The adapter components included with the "universal" cartridges add weight that frequently is hard to compensate for to get the tracking down to the 1.5 gram maximum and also add height that can cause setup complications such as an off tracking angle requiring shimming of the front mounting of the cartridge plus there can be azimuth angle compensation issues.  Mounting a half-inch cartridge is hard enough, don't make it harder by using a "universal" mount cartridge.
2363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	cheap mic, good frequency response, maxes out and is a feedback trap on a loud stage, worth the money to get better, not for live loud bands.
7079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried every guitar pick out there and these are THE BEST! They stick to your fingers like nothing else, so you don't have to keep re-gripping. High quality picks in a class all their own. You won't be disappointed.
4575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Unbreakable and inexpensive Capo.  Enjoy!
8151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great strap!  very solid construction and attractive designs.  Bought 2 of these and will be getting more for my other guitars.
1971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A very simply balance beam scale that allows you to properly set your cartridge tracking force.
8204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For a bass player with a heavy instrument, this makes a world of difference! The padding and width spread the weight so nicely that I barely notice it.
5702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo is fantastic for the price. It holds the strings down tightly without any buzz. I find it a little finicky to move sometimes due to thequick change style release but it's still excellent.
1707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cabling/insulation could be a little thicker in my opinion but over all these are great and sound perfect.

I would order again, they are easy to play.
If your young guitar enthusiast wants to learn re-fretting, that's much easier to do on a bolt on neck with no binding like this. Want to hear the difference between pro-pickups and these inexpensive imports? Swapping pickups is an inexpensive upgrade. Even less expensive is trying different capacitors or potentiometers. Your fledgling guitarists may become a computer whiz kid in the future. Some electronic knowledge and basic soldering skills will give him a "leg-up."
2814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every headphone has a sound, as an imperfect medium compared to our ears.  And this one can pull apart the tendrils of classical music well.  The lack of bass is really a perception, as most headphones I've heard like to warm up the lower-mid's to thicken the sauce of the music, but that of course can muddy music that needs some clarity.  I suppose with the 'neutral' bass, though, it is a little less engaging than other 'phones.  Like when I listen to a jazz combo, it's clean but the upright bass has lost its kick--again, compared to other headphones.  This gets so close to the pair of Stax headphones I have, which are so good.. and $700.  just a little less engaged than the stax, which I guess does make a difference over time.  whereas I would listen to the stax for hours, this maybe 30-45 min.  I am using it to monitor my keyboard work, where I have to hear differences between various historical models of piano on my laptop; each note comes off the way it should, not warmed up as I mentioned.  the Fidelio x2's were more of a fun headphone that I still found clear-sounding, but they are double the price.  and the hifiman or course is good, but double again the price.  whew!

2581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The seeming simplicity of this amp is very deceiving. As is the price. Don't let either of these things fool you. This is the best small "practice" amp I have played. It has a tube-like controls and sound. The variety of tones you can coax out of it is amazing. Sound good clean too.
9191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo! Great price, does what it needs to. Came in a timely manner! Thank you :)
In Summation
4220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We've purchased 2 of these.  The band directors ask for them and we've had no issues with them.  A little pricy but not taking a star off since the quality seems to match the price.
- The canvas-like material is thick.

702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had good luck with Hosa cables. Midi, patch, etc. Haven't encountered a bad one so far. It seems to be a safe brand, I just wish they came in colors.
2047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Caig is the only stuff to buy for cleaning electronics equipment!!!
2799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ive benn playing this bass for 2 years everyday its a great bass for beginners but out of the box its not set up right  but what cheap bass is set up right out of the box. but after 2 years of changing stuff its a great bass even played a show with it
9431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
They are so affordable you can get both and still have money left over for gig bags.
2947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No battery or phantom power at 48 Volts It works great use the HOSA MICROPHONE ON/OFF SWITCH XLR(F) - XLR(M) and your or in control Yes your wired but you do not need to stand still to sing and play a guitar or what ever.
7912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	listening to the tunes right now
7711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product fast shipping
7706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best I have used. Ordered another pair.
9129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works great and fit my wireless microphones perfectly.
1491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there. I've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so. I use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet.
6438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Of all the capos I have tried, Kyser capos are my enduring favorites. They are very sturdy, are easy to use, and really live up to the "quick change" moniker. This capo fits my 6-string guitars perfectly, and is very powerful, yet quick to reposition (be sure to unclamp it rather than sliding it on the fretboard.) I find all capos to be slightly intrusive, but this one has the least interference of any I have personally used.


Otherwise we are extremely happy with the sound this speaker has given us, and at this price point I would buy this again when we decide to add another sub.
2895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome headphones, enough said!

3593	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This Epi Les Paul Special ll was supposed to be upgraded w/ better pick ups and circuitry but a guitar tech found the frets on the neck where it's bolted to the body were uneven heights.  Cost for the fret dressing would have exceeded the price of the guitar.  While Epiphone is definitely an alternative to high end guitars, its Chinese guitars in this price range need better quality control.

1216	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable at a great price
9048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey!  A lot of picks for a little price
8003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do rock and blues harp...and THIS is the instrument for YOU.
The Viola is also of the hollow body design. Though the electronics on the Viola are radically different from a Hofner, with the two humbucking pickups, a set of tape wrapped Hofner style strings, and amp modeling, you are right there back in Liverpool's Cavern Club.

7408	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am happy I bought these strings for my son.  He seemed to be very happy with them.  I got them for him for Christmas along with another kind.  He was pleased with both of them.
4218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mouthpiece is amazing, enough said, I have been playing clarinet for 3 years and in my third year my band teacher gave this mouth piece for me to try out, I immediatly fell in love because it creates a fuller sound, the only snag is I hate vandoren reeds (if you want some reeds that are easier to play on go for mitchel lurie, just saying) and when you use any other reed other then vandoren, spit seeps out the sides of the reed all over your face while your playing. This isn't a terrible thing though and i thought it was just me until my friend got the mouthpeice and she had the same problem, so if you want a fuller sound and no spit, get use to vandoren reeds, if you don't mind a little spit then i totally suggest mitchel lurie (cheeper and fuller sound and easier to play on) other then the spit, this mouthpeice really helped me win a lot of compitions too :) amazing mouthpiece
WOOOOOSH!
2872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These headphones were specifically recommended to me by my audio engineering professor- they have great frequency response, are comfortable for long periods of time, and sound just as good as the more expensive studio model. They're great. They are semi-open back, so they aren't great for loud environments, but for studio settings, they're fantastic. I've mixed several films using them, and I'm more than satisfied.
2957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great to have extra screws for my guitar rack, just in case!
9660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks! good grip texture and awesome for strumming !
8277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ordering online rules. thank you for a great product works just as good as any tom head ive bought. thanks!
we'll se about durability.
Here's one MD player recorder that I know has the microphone jack and works great with this microphone:
7847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A few years ago, InCase came out with the Slim Bag. It was the best guitar case ever made--a gig bag with hard interior walls that protects like a hardshell case. Then, for no apparent reason, it was discontinued. SuXX0rZ. Maybe because it cost over $200. I came upon the Protec Contego in an online search. It looked like a knockoff of my beloved Slim Bag, but at 1/3 the price. I took a chance and ordered one.
3093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love It!
'Sony MZ-NE410 High Speed Net MD Walkman Recorder'

2225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cable in order to be able to run longer cable runs on stage. It works for that. It's a narrower gauge of wire than some of my other cables, and that makes me a little cagy about its durability. I tend to use it for cable runs where I don't expect a lot of movement (e.g., running a cable to a mic stand) and save my better cables for the belt pack mics.
5496	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is probably the most popular of Harmonicas and I am very happy with. Great tone and well built. Never fails though kids love harmonicas and hard to keep it from them. (Gonna have to buy some more)
I'm a re-entry guitarist, meaning I played a bit in junior high but never seriously got into guitar. I didn't learn an F or B chord until I bought a guitar a little over two years ago here on Amazon (a Jameson thinline acoustic electric, thank you for asking), and started playing again. At first I used my fingers, which was okay but a little painful and almost no projection.
5131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Grips very well and bridges perfectly.

Cons:
6666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used the kyser capos for some time now. I have used them on curved bridge 12 strings and flat neck 6's and they always work always last.
2373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For those folks out there that just want a decent mic that sounds pretty darn good without breaking the bank, I don't see how you can go wrong with this mic.  For $40 don't expect recording quality but don't be afraid to buy this mic if you are just starting out and playing small gigs with a small budget. This mic is  professional quality compared to some I've used to sing through in the past. I'm using it now as a vocal mic in a small jam band playing in senior citizens centers and nursing homes.  Heck, I'm an old guy that doesn't play the joints anymore, playing with some other guys in the same situation, so I've been through a lot of mics in my experience.  I really like this mic, it's well made and does a fine job in the setting I'm using it.  I am using it through a small Fender amp(20 watt) with a tiny bit of gain cranked in if that helps in any way.
5997	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Skip this intro pedal and go to something a bit better for maybe a little more. An mxr overdrive/distortion, a used Ibanez overdrive, a pro co rat, even a digitech hot head or hot rod. This is one of those pedals that sounds ok but is know for the Boss "ice pick" trebly sound. This is one of those pedals everybody has had but has moved on.
2491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+
The design of these mics goes back about 40 years. But a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time. These models may have been very good decades ago, but they are really showing their age. The most prominent problem with them is the sound quality... they are quite "honky," making vocalists sound much more nasal than they really are. There are some situations where that might be okay (such as miking a guitar cabinet that lacks upper mid-range), but these models do not make good vocal mics.
4110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I first got this pop filter for my Blue Snowball microphone and it fits perfectly. I later got the Audio Technica 2020 microphone but had to get an additional desk stand to attach this pop filter for the mic and it helps protect against the popping sounds which does its job.

1860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.
634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine just as I expected is okay quality Hosa brand is always good so this meets my expectations as I thought it would.
So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.
Putting M600 on my Pono also took care of some weird issues I had with tuning and buzzing. Now the friction tuners work wonderfully and I actually love them now (before the M600s, I was ready to swear off of friction tuner ukes for the rest of my life). The pono now strums and picks beautifully, sounding sweet and clear as ever.
7360	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has become my number one cable for my Carvin bass. I gig with it a couple times per week and it has been rock solid. I only use something different if I need a longer reach. And I love the tweed cover. Very satisfied with this one.
1303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well, Good Deal Thank you
6047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo is works well with my guitars. Nice color. Bought older Kyser capos. Have never had a problem with them.
9777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop nylon standard picks are the absolute best guitar picks for acoustic guitar and electric guitar. I have 100 or more on hand at any given time.
7555	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
Pono Mahogany Soprano:
1218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice and cheap

Anyway, back to the needle. This fit in perfectly to my RX3P cartridge. As soon as it was installed, I went thumbing thru my record bins to figure out what to play, and decided on a couple Moody Blues LPs. They sounded fantastic. I'm so glad I can play my records again.
5983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You simply can't go wrong with a Kyser capo, period. The colors look great, it really stands out from other boring capos :-)
6225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best feel of any pick that I have used.
5195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use the fiberglass/plastic reeds exclusively because the cane reeds burn out too fast and if I buy a box of 10 I might only get four that are any good at all.  But recently I decided I wanted to try a few different cut styles and weights of reeds to see if maybe one is better for jazz and another is better for bright pieces or whatever.  This lets me keep my reeds organized.  The slots have embossed number labels (1 - 12) so you can easily see which slot your reed is in.  So as long as you remember which reed goes in which slot, or maybe write it on an index card and keep the card inside the case, this is a nice little reed case.  It will fit Legere plastic reeds.  It will also fit any standard-size cane reed.
5311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift to my cousin who is a music major in college. She's loving it. It has a classy design that sets it out of the regular ones. It feels a little bit heavier than the regular capos, which indicates more sturdiness, durability, and more importantly, firmness. It holds on the guitar neck strongly and firmly. It gives the feel of professionalism. I am going to buy one for myself.
7070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings!! Reasonable price.  They sound wonderful and hold up well. No reason to look further in my opinion.
5839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good product, but could be better in durability... besides that, it does its job perfectly
4096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the sound of wood tip sticks on cymbals. My other sticks were 5B, which is rather light, makes it difficult to get a good snap on the snare and toms. Also, have to ping the ride pretty solid.
3329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. The SM58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the Beta 58A is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. The SM58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the Beta58A is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. If you're used to the SM58, then the Beta58A can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.

8802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
Again, the more experienced guitar players may not like those thin picks, but they are good to start with.
Who is this harmonica best for? Maybe not the beginner (consider one of the other 2 models like the Golden Melody or Special 20 which both have a plastic comb). When you get this harmonica, you will want to baby it. Slowly break it in playing softly for a week or two. Keep it in its case at all times to keep the scratches off the covers. Never try to rinse out the comb. Knock out any moisture after every playing session. This is good for the intermediate/advanced player who has learned to appreciate their instrument and takes the effort to do things like rinse/brush their teeth before playing.
BUT - I ordered the standard, rounder tip and they sent me the sharp, pointier tip.  I still gave the product a 5 - because the product is great. (not the sharp pointy one in my opinion - but if you know which you want,order what you want and get what you want - I think you'll find it's a 5.)
5848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yeah you can put music in it.  I do.  But you can also put other types of paperwork in it.  Whatever.  It has two diagonally-oriented elastic straps to keep it shut so your papers don't go all over the floor.  I LOVE those.  They work great.  It is black but not shiny like typical vinyl, so it's good for concert use.  It's thick and sturdy and not likely to fall apart as easily as some of the folders I've owned.
4254	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	too cumbersome for me
8221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AWEsome!!!
6311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm very impressed with the recorder.  I learned on a plastic model, and this sounds many times better.  Highly recommended.
**********

8343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks, I've been using them for almost 20 years.  I've used this particular kind in varying thicknesses but do prefer the .88s the best.  The grip, though, is my reason for buying them.  It's enough to make sure you don't slip holding the back, but not so much as to be annoying or irritating to your fingers.  I love these picks and would recommend them to everyone.
7015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they feel great. except they're clear so they get lost easily but who cares. they're good for bass and guitar

4981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My opinion of these strings are that they are very comfortable,bright pitch,nice warm tones and for all of you guitarists that love to bend,hammer on's,pull off's,finger vibrato's (finger shaking string) these strings are ideal.although I am mentioning this last it is actually the most important fact about these strings,is that they stay in tune forever,even after bending and pulling off notes while doing solo after solo. GHS BOOMERS are my strings of choice and believe me I have tried all of the strings that were available over the last 35 years. This is my opinion and my opinion only. I understand that all guitarists will feel comfortable with some other companies strings depending on what type of music or style of playing they are into. Just like everything else in life we all have different opinions about things but,the GHS BOOMERS are an all around excellent set of guitar strings and very afforable. Mario
7382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Sure green Dynamic Harmonica mic for several years now and I would rate them very highly. I had previously bought a Hohner Roadhouse Harmonica mic which was nothing but problems with feedback and shorting out then I bought the Sure Green Bullet Dynamic Harmonica mic and here several years later the Sure mic still works just fine.
8157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are such great value picks. Comes individually packed and are VERY durable. I bought these almost 2 years ago and I barely used up 1 pack of them. Very very great quality picks for someone who likes thin picks, they'll last a lifetime.
7613	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	capo still works like a dream. I purchased a second one as a gift
can listen all day without fatigue.  These have a mini plug, my video cameras need them. I hate most adaptors.  Mini has become more standard.  Zoom uses it.  So I got my order yesturday and tired them. A/Bed them to the older headphones.  Much more dynamic range.  I was surprized.  Spent about twenty minutes comparing, then packed away the 92 versions.
8769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	JUST A GREAT DRUM HEAD1
3454	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	By far, the best nylon strings I've found for my 3/4 classical guitar!
The guitar model is now on my Gibson Explorer. I do love it, but the "spreading strings" on the headstock makes it less secure than is perfect. So, still highly recommended if your headstock has a "straight through" design, not so much if you have a jackson or other radically angled headstock. (They should make a Metal Edition for that. :) )
8753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you have trouble holding on to a pick like I do from time to time this might be what you need. It is very handy and does not get in the way.

7507	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you break these, and you probably will eventually, you need to chill out on your attack. I love playing with these, they really help me focus on my feel.
3757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
4288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	OK
577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable for the job.
740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable is of a surprisingly good quality for this price and is actually much heavier duty than I expected.
1213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
When I plugged this into a male jack then removed it I found that one of the two gender-benders I'd ordered had a female pin that would not stay in the connector shell.
5347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really Great Product, soildly built, More than happy with perfomance, and I would ecomend this product to everyone who has a need....Its all Good!
Action was exactly the way I like it
2260	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This is an alright mic for the price, it "feels durable" and does it job........ but it won't last long. Mine worked for a few months as i was starting my mobile DJ business, needless to say plugging it in over and over messed up the bottom of the 3 prong connector on the mic. NOW i am not saying that this will happen with all the MICs, but i am sure something will go wrong with this unit. You get what you pay for... less than 20 bucks for a professional microphone ..... ill just leave it at that
2732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good value but average quality.  Don't know how long it will last.
1589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was an interim solution until my custom insert cables arrived from the supplier.  It works great for connecting my microphone to the line level insert on my mixer and I haven't noticed any distortion or popping sounds as a result of this device.  For the price you can't possibly go wrong and it's always handy to have one of these in your studio MacGyver kit.  Highly recommended!
5775	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The pencil holder has no bottom piece so the pencil slips out.  The pockets holding the music are too small for full size scores.  Don't like it.
9927	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
3326	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Why drive a Pinto when you can drive a Cadillac? This is the industries best mic as far as I am concerned. I had a Shure SM 58 like everyone else owned but there is no comparison between this mic and a SM58. SM 58 is garbage compared to the Beta 58A. Spring for the extra bucks and be happy. That's what I always say.
This mic also shines on upright bass- you have to use a LOT of gain, but with a nice preamp and some compression (I use a UA LA610) you can get a killer tone by placing the DM80 just to the right (facing the bass) of the bridge at the very top of the F-hole, and close in to the body. This is very nice for recording upright live in a room with other instruments because the null of the dynamic DM80 rejects outside noise nicely, and the lack of proximity boominess allows the mic to capture the "wood" tones of the bass without too much mud.
9746	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are quality picks. They ended up being too thick for my light gauge strings, but solid purchase.
8119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Hohner Blues Harp is my favorite model and the Key of C version is very useful for Folk/Gospel.
Dunlop even includes a little leaflet with slide facts and a couple alternate tuning suggestions.
5337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for well over 20 years .... never had a problem... works as advertised. Haven't dropped a guitar yet !!!!!
4521	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these strings are the only strings I use. long wear and sound .
1036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No issues here.
Because it was such a winner as a gift and is pretty well made if not all that plush I think it is worthy of 5 stars.
829	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased one several months ago to use between my bass and pedal board. I liked it so much, I bought another just like it to run from my pedal board to the amp. Great retro style. A quality cable that if it ever fails I can easily repair it.
4912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install and easy to use.  While I wouldn't call this a required item for an electric guitar, it does hold straps securely in place by means of ball bearings which securely slide into a groove in the mounting pin.  I feel much more secure with this system that an eyelet of my guitar strap will not suddenly slip from one of the mounts on the instrument.

8000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the grippy cat tongue picks for my sweaty hands. Cant drop one of these easily.
7118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine and the cost was reasonable. I may want to also purchase some other ones of different weights and shapes to experiment with as well on my new 6-string lap steel guitar.
* The guitar comes with very light bendy strings. This is probably due to market data that tells Epiphone that the bulk of buyers for this guitar are teen Guitar Heros who think that string bending every note is an essential aspect of shredding and wailing. If you plan to put heavier strings on the guitar (like 12-51s for example) for jazz or other styles of music then you will probably need a truss rod adjustment to compensate for the added tension. If you don't know how to do this, ask someone who does. You can ruin a guitar, permanently, by being too aggressive with a truss rod adjustment.
4905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought as gift. As expected and arrived on time.
7164	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Quite shrill initial sound and then completely dead within a couple of days. I also found them very stiff given the gauge.
4338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time. Item as described and shown.
132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bass note are vibrant on this. The trade off is the higher notes are a little less audible than I am used to on different wood types. A welcome change though, and easily rectified by adjusting the pressure used when playing higher notes. Overall, nice instrument. VERY LIGHT.
1136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good
7686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my son is in marching band at his high school and the Vandoren reed was recommended to him by his band teacher and he is very satisfied with them. he had used another brand prior to purchasing these and found the Vandoren to be very much better.

5650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful!!!
6465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This clamp is a no brainier! Instead of having a collection of different size clamps, or clamps that scratch and dent the pipe. This clamp fits three different sizes of pipe, and doesn't scratch or dent the pipe. You can't beat it for the price!!!
6217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality product that is tough, beautiful and does a great job used with one hand clip to fret and store clipped on head stock. Flat low profile will stow easy in case!
6139	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This product was received as expected and works as advertised. My research surrounding competing products was well worth the time. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for this exact solution.
Drums, Cymbals (below par)


8090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have recently been experimenting with different capos, though I have used a Shubb for years and recently purchased one with an updated design. Nevertheless, I'm pleasantly surprised with this capp. I have another, what I would call a "lever-action" capo, that I got for about the same price. I have been reasonably happy with that one, but this particular capo exerts more pressure than the G7th capo I bought for easily twice the price. In fact, I find this one to be a better capo than the G7th. MOre than likely, I will robably alternate between my new Shubb and this capo, so I am very happy with it.
Rated at 4 ohms, in my setup they are powered by a Luxman 50 watt per channel receiver, a clean amp which while not that powerful, drives them just fine at low to middling high volume.
3502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just the quality you can always expect out of Martin. Nice playability and fantastic tone.
1780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This splitter is perfect! When using this splitter, you don't lose quality and it's great for doing any job!
If you have a good stereo with a decent P-Mount turntable that tracks at 1.5 grams down to 1.0 gram with a record collection in above average shape this AT is possibly the best and brightest P-Mount elliptical cartridge left at under $70 for you.  If you have a system that doesn't pass much over 15k Hertz or records in less than ideal shape the Shure would be fine because you probably would not hear anything over 18k Hertz from your system anyway.
7116	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!

4694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven I use them all the time
1293	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love my Shure SM-57 and my AKG C214, but hate that they don't have power switches.  This was just what I needed, and surprisingly there aren't many options out there.
762	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for studio use.  As far as quality goes.......so far, so good.
9247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My second gator case, and again provides the right amount of protection for light mobile use. I think a good $30 investment to protect about $400 worth of mics of the SM 57 and SM 58 (wired) variety. I can only get the 4 mics and their 4 mic clips to fit in the case, the latter in the zippered pouch in front. Not sure what I will use the internal square cut out for, it could hold another mic.
1219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality adapter.
1737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the money they aren't bad but that doesn't mean they are good. Loud highs and lows get fuzzy and the over all doesn't sound great but for a small gig band or a backup Mics these are great! The only prob I have with them is that the mic mount doesn't fit on like any mic stand I have AND BUY A CHEEP POP FILTER FOR THIS MIC OR YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!
5655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can get use to this one and it really spoils you.  Does not damage or mark the guitar.
6) a step-reference users chart inconveniently affixed underneath the SR16 instead of printed in the Reference Guide or as a separate card
4799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this! I was recommended this by our bassist, who has used the Dunlop Straploks for many decades and I'm thankful that he suggested I buy a set. I installed it on my MIM Strat (~'98) without having to pre-drill because the screw that comes with the set is a bit longer than the stock screws that comes with the Strats. However, when I was about to make the last 2~3 turns with the screwdriver, it was pretty tight so please drill out at least 1/2" more before you install these.
So, when I was going to install it on my banjo, a surprise: it's missing the blue steel shim. And I don't live in the USA, so I'll have to figure out a way to get a new one or improvise.
4732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this tremolo pedal
Serious headphone users will find they need several pair but one pair should be these.
2657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The greatest mic of all time, buy the SM-58!

8258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great product as always .. new heads are a must for a drummer jamming frequently.. get yourself a new drum head today these sound great.

9135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these picks are hard plastic and like a good tool don't flex at all.  they also have little grips on them so they won't slip between your fingers.  very bright sound.  they might be a little noisy (picking sounds) on an acoustic, but clean electric is just bright and chimey.
8001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my husband loves the blues harps.

9686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Only picks I buy.
Update: After less than a year, handle fell off, and latch failed. Granted, a teenager was using this. So, I would most likely still recommend this item. It just may not last as long as one would like.
9433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Protects the kick. Very reliable.
The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nady-DM70-Drum-and-Instrument-Microphone/dp/B0002CZQOQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone</a>&nbsp;is perfectly suited for snare drums, toms and cymbals as advertised, but I have found that they work well with other instruments. Specifically, they do an excellent job with alto and tenor saxophones, trumpets and other brass. They also work well for micing amplifiers such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fender-Champion-600-Electric-Guitar-Amplifier/dp/B0030LIRDS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fender Champion 600 Electric Guitar Amplifier</a>.  Specs: these have a frequency response of 70~16,000 Hz and sensitivity of -73dB, +/- 3dB (@ 1KHz, 74dB SPL. For horn instruments using these attached to a mic stand works perfectly:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-Stage-MY550-Microphone-Extension-Attachment-Bar/dp/B0002ZO3LK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On Stage MY550 Microphone Extension Attachment Bar</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-Stage-Microphone-13-inch-Gooseneck-Black/dp/B00080LUJW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Black</a>.
1069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
7402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I just engineered a recording using a 520dx for vocals and it came out great.
to a supercardiod mic than a cardioid--Sometimes, almost, or maybe even lightly, touching the mic.

8407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Stays in place and works as expected
5699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great capo and works for all of your needs as long as you're willing to pay $12 for it. It has a great, rubbery, padded clamp and clamps with a death grip for no buzz... Which is a good thing :). It's an all pro item, except for one thing... One con. I would suggest for you to buy the "Live For Music, Acoustic Guitar Capo" on Amazon.
2654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this microphone for almost 4 years now, and not surprisingly, it has lasted and reproduces the vocals sung into it as good as it did when I first bought it. This is an industry standard, and with good reason. I have a friend with 3 of these, and they have lasted over a decade... so far. Can not recommend enough!

6982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I started out playing orchestral bass, so I am accustomed to large strings.  Following my bass-playing years, I began playing on a nylon 6-string classical guitar with a wide fret base; this made it a comfortable transition given the thickness of the fret board.  Once I began using the smaller Yamaha acoustic I found those little tiny, thin strings in addition to the little tiny fret board made it super hard for me to play.  These medium tension strings are nice as I can focus my efforts better without hitting every other string in sight.  I've taken to the jumbo guitar style with these strings for quite some time now; seems to be the best pairing for me to be able to use the hand strength and still be able to amply finger pick.
3174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For me, the best style of stand to keep my axes secure when out of the case. As long as the the leg lock is firmly in place and you test to make sure, it will never let you down.  Height adjusts easily to accommodate guitars, bases - probably anything with a tapering headstock.
4120	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great pedal for anyone that enjoys playing rock music. You can get a pretty decent amount of tone with this pedal. I mostly use Turbo I setting (like the old DS-1 from the early 80's), and sometimes use Turbo II.
1802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Audio cables are pretty much the same these days, so I am always looking for price and delivery advantages.  This cable was what I needed for a project and available via Amazon Prime.  No brainer!
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Joyo-JF-03-Crunch-Distortion/dp/B005LYIW3W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion</a>:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!
On acoustic as well, the notes are extremely defined.
3844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GHS srings seem to be pretty good.  I'm new to them.  I will keep buying them if I can catch them on sale.  AAA+++
9878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best out there
9388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect. protects the head without sacrificing any tone
4478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sure this slide will flop around on your pinky since it's not designed to be worn there.  It's for your ring or middle finger.  This slide has a nice heft to it, and is smooth like glass but a little warmer sounding.  It's one of my favorite slides and works well with electrics and acoustics.
I use this software on a PC running XP media center. I never had any problems installing, running, or updating the software. The only issue I've ever had with the software was a few years ago. I would plug in to play and all I would get was pure digital distortion every time I strummed my guitar strings. I did some research and discovered that there is a common issue with Guitar Port and my pc xbox 360 game controller working together. For some reason the software from the xbox controller interfered with the software from the guitar port. Before I installed the xbox controller the guitar port worked fine. So I uninstalled the xbox controller and now everything works fine again. This was about two years ago and I haven't looked to see if Line 6 or Microsoft ever resolved the issue, but I leave the game playing to my xbox 360 now and the recording, mixing, and editing to my pc.
4426	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Seriously - it has a hard time holding it's own weight / shape. I thought it'd be a lot stronger.
3631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sounding for my 12 strings. Nice chimey sound.

9747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great grip. Last much longer than fender from what I'm seeing. Love them.
4963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've had this for about 11 years now. Even with some of the newer metal pedals on the market, this pedal still sells well. Not to mention, it's probably also one of the most modded pieces out there. Any number of mods can be found online to change the sound. They're usually on the side of improving the stock tone, which I'm happy with.
7199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this to use with the Behringer compressor I ordered with this. They are not indicated as compatible but it worked great! Price was right. I already own two and had no problems. Quiet. No hummmmm. Buy it if you need a wall wart.
1330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	"Just works"
a sound. Search any guitar forum and up will rise from the thread-graveyard a ton of threads on
6865	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best feel of any pick that I have used.
All good things must come to an end.  Kyser no longer donates money to the Komen foundation, the lifetime warranty has been shortened to a 1 year warranty, Kyser's latest products do not say, "Made in USA" on them, and all that good mojo has pretty much been sold up the river trying to squeeze a couple more pennies out of their customers...

6397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is a reason that all the professional musicians use this capo, as you can see in many of their videos. It's relatively cheap, looks good, clamps strong, and doesn't hurt the guitar.
3176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent guitar stand! It will fit any guitar and folds up in nice compact package when I travel with it.
737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made, XLR 3 pin adaptor to mini.  Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job.
My LP Studio had it's pickups replaced with the Zakk Wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. Imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. Considering this thing is almost the same prices a Bullet Squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. You literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the Special 2.....
8240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my guitarist husband. Works great, grips the strings tightly and he uses the curl at the top to hold his cigarette. Great for changing keys mid-gig without having to retune a guitar and great to match my key as a singer. Bought one for a friend in a different color and have several friends who want me to order more like this for them.
3567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Purchased primarily for Rocksmith and it works very well for that.  Still learning how to play, but like the feel of this guitar.  Looks great and plays great.  Was packaged very well.  Only needed minor setup adjustments. I would recommend getting strap locks.
I am very happy with this Epiphone Les Paul and will proudly play and OWN it.  I am amazed they can make this thing for the money they charge.  I may purchase another one and put it away as I'm sure the price won't stay this low.  PLUS, I'll get another one in a different color!!  You can never have too many guitars..  I am going to an a pickguard to this one.  The finish on it is outstanding and I'd like to keep it that way.
8112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The design and colors on this guitar strap are incredible. I'd go as far to say the picture doesn't do the product justice. The yellow looking parts in the image are actually shiny gold leaf. No telling how durable, but it's got great pop and would be fantastic on stage.
661	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is 5 feet long.  It is a Midi cable.  It is inexpensive.  There's not much else to say about it!
I considered other lengths but I'm so glad I went with 10 foot, which is perfect for practicing on my own. Anything shorter would almost require me to have the amp close to me on the right at all times and anything longer would have too much slack.

1048	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	i do not like it
These  picks have a indentation so U know where put UR thumb and index finger
9238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo.  This is my primary one I use for gigging.  No will ever walk away with these capo because of the color.

4336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A Les-Paul Special II for around a hundred bucks? (Update: the price has gone up and down since I purchased it for 159) And there are people actually complaining??? I don't care if it is an Epiphone and not a full blown Gibson, this sounds like a Les Paul Special, it certainly plays like one. The only thing is, I paid about a buck for it, not several hundred. It came setup just fine, with manual, an alin wrench for the kneck, which I checked, and needed no adjustment. There were only a couple of legitimate complaints about the guitar, the rest were people who ordered the package deal and had problems with the crappy amp. One: A user received his paint chipped, body blemishes, etc. Weird, obvious anomaly. Two: A user plugged into the amp with another guitar and it worked, so the problem lied with the electronics in the git.
4243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just what I needed


3556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Guitar with great sound!
8263	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a friend of ours who likes purple and didn't want others stealing his capo. He uses the curve at the top to hold his cigarette. I've bought this kind for my husband before as well in black. They work great for changing keys without having to completely retune the guitars to another key in the middle of a gig. I have several musician friends wanting me to order this capo for them in different colors now. The seller sent the exact item pictured and the shipping was quick. The price was pretty good too considering how much our local music store charges for a capo that doesn't stay. This one grips the strings tight enough not to shift while playing. Easy to put on and move as well. Would definitely purchase again.
These guitar cords are actually quite nice, they feel good (gooey soft rubber jacket like Mogami), they sound good and so far they are working reliably, the rubber jacket is about .25" in diameter (by eye) and there is a short heat shrink overwrap to add strength where the wire enters the plug.
3577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a "Starter"" guitar or as a legit back-up it's hard to beat the LP-100 for the price.  I was a complete newb when I bought this model 5 months ago - took it to a friend who's been playing for 30 years and he was really impressed with everything about it.  As a result of having such a good time learning on this one I upgraded 3 weeks ago to an Epiphone Les Paul Standard Red Royale Model.  I got the LP-100 back out last night for the heck of it and am Still impressed with it. Had thought about selling it when I got the new Epi LP but I think now I will hold on to it awhile!!  I purchased Black with cream colored trim then swapped out some of the trim for black and blue
6802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks. I've never broken one.
670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this to see if it would work with my Korg R3's mike cause the mic as it is just doesnt sit right.  Also got a stand together I can put this vocoder any where I want.
3216	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing is the absolute perfect stand for gigging...fits all of my basses, even the large body/neck 6+ string ones.  So easy to transport...it rules.
To conclude my ranty review; you cannot go wrong with an Epiphone Les Paul 100. If you're a beginner, you will love it. If you're more experienced, it will be a nice addition to your collection and put some variety in your sonic arsenal.
4395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these strings are one of the best feeling strings that I have played in a long time. glad I decided to give them a go. light strings, crisp sound. good purchase
9640	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very flimsy but if thats what you're looking for this is great. I prefer a stiff guitar pic
6974	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected from Martin strings.
6825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it's a clamp, what can you say, it holds the light. it is metal and not plastic. A huge plus in my eyes. good and sturdy.
8724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cool gadget!!

Glad to have this when I'm jamming...not so sure the neighbors are happy about all the loud music but I'm sure they would agree the cable works as advertised!

4480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Had to get strap locks for my LP.  I ordered the gold. They do the job and the gold really pops!
3938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thank you
925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ends come loose easily, but it works perfectly after 8 months.
They last forever and do not lose the strong holds.
1959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works, but you fumble getting the weights to stay while you fumble with the arm counter weight.  It gets a 4 star because it is very accurate.
6008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Some of the reviews I read are negative, which is surprising but, at the same time, something I do respect. IMHO, when it comes to sound there is nothing set on stone; it all comes down to personal taste. My very fist guitar pedal was a BOSS (actually it was a distortion pedal, but not this one), and I still have it and use it. BOSS builds quality lasting products. This company is owned now by Roland, which is mainly known for their keyboard line. I don't see any compromise in quality, though, and the tone (which is the most important aspect of getting a guitar pedal), is top notch. Again, this is for my personal taste. If you like other pedals, it's great, but trashing this product just because you don't like it, it's kind of not fair.
1723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	excellent, both stereo channels to power amp and no power loss
2255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We bought this Mic and a spare for our son's guitar amp set-up for his mixer. It seems to work fine, and comes with the Mic cord, We decided to go for the model with the on=off switch based on other reviews, and haven't yet been disappointed.
3670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I haven't put them on my 69 Ovation 12-string yet, but  do have the utmost trust in any Martin Product.

1945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME MIC. the best one for the go pro hands down. It does an amazing, almost too good of a job filtering out massive amounts of BASS. Kind of wish it retained just a little bit of it, but it deff captures audio great.
7964	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great addition to your rig! I have an aguilar 410 and 115. Most of the time I end up using the 410 by itself, placing it on top of a road case. I no longer have to run my cords through the handles to keep them from buzzing! I placed the great gramma between the cab and the box and wow, no noise! It does a great job of tightening up your bottom end! One of the best purchases I have made for my tone! A must have!
433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to go from my board to the amp. We use them for a mobile church so they take a beating. They are still going strong.
4343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality, reasonable price and prompt delivery.
2859	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	mine broke after 1 week - lost the center part of the stereo image.  Will be returning.  Sounded great until then tho!
9955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks! the years pass and I'm still use them!

7776	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great construction and easy to use! Should last a very long time!
5616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Locking Hinges missing Pins,  the are falling off.
Bass Guitar (okay)
9759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hydraulic and Evans always delivers! Haven't ran these in years but tried them again for a special live situation and they delivered again as always.  They get better with age too because the mylar softens as you play them and the attack gets softer which is especially useful with internal mics!  Shipping from this supplier was REALLY SLOW!
1411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exceptionally high quality.  Great value and works perfectly.
6075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS COLOR! AHHHHHH :D :D :D
3968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These, in the right weights, are a standard and will work in just about any music genre. The trick is to find a pair in weights that match your application.
8290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this capo.  I love the color as it seems to blend a little better than my black one.  It does the job quickly with little effort and is strong enough to hold firm without damaging the neck of my guitar.  That's a good thing.  Will buy this brand again in the future and recommend them to anyone.
3808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use and just amazing sounds.  After setting it up with my rig, I spend a couple hours just monkeying around with it.  I'm not Hendrix, but this pedal gives some hope.  Both my kids came in the room and watched me play, mesmerized at the goofy things I was trying.  The wife came, stood in the doorway, sighed and shook her head.  This is awesome and so much fun.
5433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The mallet balls are a little harder than I expected but over all they are good...
3869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Same old classic cry-baby. Metal-heads would probably check somewhere else or try a little mod on this.
2271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say. The audio cord is good quality. I like that style of the xlr plug. well built. Work's with my mic just fine.

Seriously, anyone wanting a great pickup for rock, blues, metal...  give this one a look!
888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this cable is awesome thick cord really high quality jacks highly recommend this better then any plastic coated cable I don't have problems with it tangling like I saw on one review
9611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hello, this Pedal Path is good for the thickness of the design, and takes read hard punch strike's from the pedal "Hammers".
I used 8 memory foam earplugs stuffed under the earpads (4 per ear side, top, bottom, left/right under the pads.) Best part is cotton doesn't reshape, where memory foam does...and pulling in or pushing them out a bit makes for easy adjustments.
8942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recommend this Evans head series (G2 Coated) to any drummer. Professional or not. I've only been drumming for about a year now and I've had my own set for about 9-10 months. I got these heads about two months ago and they're still strong. The sound is amazing.. The first time I put them on, I fell in love with the sound. It gives you that nice deep sound on the toms and bass and a nice pop for the snare. These are my first heads after the regular stock heads my set brought (4-Piece Sound Percussion Drum set), I can't really say they are the BEST heads out there simply because I haven't tried any other heads. But I am 100% satisfied with these heads. They get the job done. Well recommended!
Likes:
Update: Now that a few years have gone by the case is still in good shape. The fabric wrinkles are still there and it takes effort to close the buckles because of warpage but nothing has gotten worse. The case is very heavy and that is a drawback. It has protected my Hummingbird however. For those that wonder if the Gibson Hummingbird will fit in this case yes it does. The size of the gibson and epi versions of the Hummingbird are virtually the same size.
6286	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using for tap tempo for my boss delay. Exactly what i needed.
7982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fair price, good deal.  I like these picks. I have used them forever.
5191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not much to say ither than it also worked fine on my nektar panorama 49 key.  just pulled the drawstring tighter and it fit snug at the corners.  the rest looked a little losse since this is made for a larger leyboard, but it was mot so loose that it looked bad.  looked perfectly fine to me. most importantly im keeping the dust out and i get plenty of it (need to replace my carpets).  great cover. nice feel. didn't feel like it would pierce easily to me under normal use.
9432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Nothing else to say really!

9667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if your that kind of person who just can't resist on banging the kick drum or just needs that extra umpf!!!! then this product is for you! step up your sound on the drum with these. will increase the sharpness of the sound and will also protect your kick drum head.
6334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Got what I needed - a basic capo for a good price.  The tension is a little tighter than I'd like, but works for me.  Covers all strings, and depresses them fully.  I don't use it often, so I can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

8888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good value for the money. With the cost of shipping it is still a very good deal. My only advice is to order two,with the cost of shipping it is a very good deal. My guitars all look brand new. Also good for the guitar.

The main drawback of the Kyser is the lack of adjustable tension.  Because it's designed to work across the fretboard, it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets, causing frets to wear faster over time.  Because of this I prefer to use the Kyser on my less expensive guitar and the Shubbs on the guitar I baby.
6015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like it. Good buy worth the money
2135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PRISTINE SOUND. One of them came with the plastic semi broken but the return was not a hassle.
Not all pure nickel strings are this good.  The hex core construction of these is a big advantage, keeps the windings from shifting and solidifies the tone.
9057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	stores my four wired microphones and no worries that any of them will ever be damaged while traveling.
2640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing is a workhorse
7524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What's there to say, they are drumsticks

3591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played string instruments for the better part of 55 years... Starting with a cheap Tijuana Wood box as a 5 year old, progressing to Martin 6 and 12 string Acoustic guitars, and a few electric Fender and Gibson units.... All good in their own respect.
This microphone is very compatible with many different devices.  MD is the best though.
Do your research before purchasing any MD player.  All in all, this is a good value and pretty good quality for a digital microphone.
5821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits my Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul perfectly. Well made. Good price. Highly recommended.
152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. The lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. Simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.
8251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	What do you want from me? I am the bottom head on a small tom,,,I know my job and I damn know how to do it.


2501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.
8495	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sturdy pick!
3580	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a Les Paul type humbucker sound at a reasonable price to compliment my 1973 Fender Stratocaster single coil sound. This filled my tonal needs perfectly at a ridiculously low price. I gave it a full setup and tightened the tuner hardware. This guitar has to be one of the great buys in the history of guitardom. I can't believe it only cost $250.00! I contemplated upgrading the tuners and the bridge hardware, but I don't think I will have to. It plays smoothly and sounds excellent as is. It looks beautiful too. Is it as nice as a $2500.00 Les Paul Custom? No, but it is 250 bucks!
4715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Definetly need to get some new strings and humbuckers. But it looks good, sounds good, hopefully it gets more of that les paul sound after the new strings are on it and humbuckers
7277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive been trying different strings for years!!!  Ive been stuck on elixirs for some time now and wanted a change.  These are very bright and clean!!!!  very playable!!!
9292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure what else to say. The picks work well and they don't wear out easily. I like these because they have a nice grip and when my fingers get sweaty they don't slide out.
I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.
6516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Better than I expected for the price
2497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	:)
3254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT RACK!
6082	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo I've ever had.
1620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice and fast deliver
The rubber strain-relief at the back of the XLR housing fell out immediately and dangles along the cable, earning the one-star deduction for QC.  But that gives an extra 3/4" of length if you don't kink it too much.
9429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks if they fit your playing style. Love them and consider them my standard. Just the right attack on the strings and soft enough for a mellow tone.
pickups and, of course, your playing style. Most serious musicians know that Jimi's, Jimmy's, and
Hope this helps someone!

9209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First gel pick. I like it. Very quiet.
They're cheap and they work fine. I haven't noticed any sound issues at all.
7676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent workmanship.
8867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PROS:
310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fender cords look great and work just as well. By adding the word California to the description I'm sure to sound like the Beach Boys...

4105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop filter does its job well. It attaches to pretty much any stand I've used it on!

The Kyser is made from durable aluminum.
5933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good, nirvana  pedel
5356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These harps are constantly breaking on me but I keep on buying them because they sound great while they last. I guess I'm bending too hard and the reeds are blowing out. Their cheap enough for me to just keep on buying a new one when they break. I think my reeds blowing out is probably just an operator error so I can't knock too many stars off for that. I love the wooden comb on here. So much more better than a plastic comb on most harmonicas.
7332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thank you for the high quality Vandoren reeds.
5188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop is the original Straplok.  The Dual Design ones are great for those times when you need to change straps, or let a buddy borrow your axe and he doesn't have straploks.  Just handy.

8419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Jim Dunlop Jazz III Red combined with a "reverse" picking angle (ala George Benson and Shawn Lane), lead to tonal and physical playing bliss. Try the combination, you won't regret it!
I decided the best way to solve this problem and to avoid having to buy new headphones every couple of years (at $60 per headphone, too!) was to separate the microphone from the headset (get a headset with no internal mic) and focus on headsets that promote removable cords (as at that point replacement cords can be had cheaply, rather than replacing the whole setup).
* Fingerboard: Rosewood
5463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use the FS-5L with my AC-60 and previously used it with my BC-60 Bluescube. The red LED light is great for confirming channel switching and there is a polarity switch to ensure that the light comes on for the appropriate channel.  In the case of my AC-60 I use it to signal that the amp is audible (mute is off).  It uses two AA batteries to power it (the newer model uses 2 AAA batteries).  The batteries last a long time, but I have noticed that when they run low the switch begins to respond intermittently.  The pedal is designed to interlock with other FS series pedals, such as the FS-5U, which helps with the AC-60 because the effect switching uses an unlatched switch.  The downside to this switch is the price and the sharp aluminum corners. If you put this in your gig bag it will be torn to shreds.  The plastic pedal itself can be slippery and is a relatively small surface that gives very little tactile feedback (but it does have the light).

7965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A quick delivery, and the materials are all there, nothing damaged. Now I've Just got to figure out how to place it correctly with the right foam or other material, then I'm golden!
7329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is essentially the same review as for the Spectraflex 14 foot cable.  I did my homework and picked this out for quality and value.  I've long believed in solid core audiophile cables, and this guitar cable has the same qualities I love in stereo cables.  It may not fit everyone's tastes, but for me, it's a solid performer with a delicate and dependable sound.  It has luscious, creamy mid's and highs that sound vacuum tube-like on their own. Of course they don't replace a good tube (valve for you Euro's) amp.  That's all folks.

These sound sweet on medium-heavy, heavy rides as sticking, and bells stand out nicely!
The bag is pretty useless. It's thin and crinkly with no protective qualities, really. I suppose it would protect from sunlight and dust.  The cd and DVD are good, but I have gotten much more use out of youtube tutorials!  However, having the chords there in the book are nice, and does provide some basic musical notation info.
8146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great one handed capo. This my 2nd for guitar, one for home and one on guitar for travel, etc.
If you consider this guitar you are shopping in the lowest end for cheap instrument. Well do not do it! Because I doubt you will learn it ever.


9405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat the fast shipping and good price!
My current setup is an Epiphone SG Pro with a VOX Stomplab IIG and now the Pathfinder.
7328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice cord.  Right angle on guitar end is a must.
1439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hard to day too much, but it works great. No issues to speak of. It does the job perfectly well
9659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks
Sturdy nylon material with good stitching.
9092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these Martin M130 Silk & Steel Folk Guitar Strings to replace an ancient pair on a guitar. I am very pleased with the quality and tone of the new strings. I would definitely make the purchase again.
4107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This stick is incredibly well balanced, especially for folks like myself who play traditional grip. The taper is the key to the way this stick performs. Regardless of grip, if you use the Moeller technique this stick's taper will aid in getting that whip motion going.
945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Guitar Cable.  Nothing Fancy but does what it said it would do for a price that doesn't break the bank...
6483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price you aren't going to find a better padded gig bag for an inexpensive or mid-range SG/LesPaul copy. Would I store my investment grade Gibson Les Paul in this bag? No, but these have more than enough padding for protection to an from a passenger vehicle, and then to and from a gig.
Soooo much better than any other mini-harp out there.
1426	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Already broke? within a month of having this cable? maybe I got a lemon, but it seems like these things are not durable. The cable didn't break in half, but there's static and the signal is not going through. Worked in the beginning though. Bummer to post a bad review but that's what happened.
6970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case is so nice both internally and externally, that I now need a case to protect this case! The only negative is also a positive- it has about three more latches than most cases, including a couple on the hinge side!
I wanted the short scale and the dot position markers more than I cared about the second pickup on the EB-3. The EQ on my amp gives me all the tonal variation I need and I just think the single pickup looks so much cooler. I was pleasantly surprised at the sheer weight of this thing. I have a Epi SG copy that superficially looks like the same body, but the guitar clearly weighs less than 2/3 if not 1/2 of the bass. Materials and workmanship are excellent for the price (and would still be at double the price).
7556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
Its light and comfortable. I didn't even know it was on most of the time. I even had lunch with it on. LOL.
Fully customizable drum kits.  You can either edit a factory kit or start fresh by choosing from an awesome selection of basic samples and then tweaking volume, pitch, panning, envelope and other parameters to taste.  Super flexible.
3475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	d
719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa makes great cable products
I really like the fact that because it is made for a specific model guitar, the Epiphone Les Paul case is no bigger than it has to be. You'll be surprised at how compact it is. Not only will this easily fit in the 'way back' of my SUV, but it will also easily fit in my convertible which I can't say for my large ABS cases that I keep my Telecaster & Stratocasters in. Granted the large ABS cases have lots of bins for storage inside, they are also heavy & more difficult to carry around, where this case is much easier to carry & has enough storage for just what you need to take along with your Les Paul Guitar.
186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my Yamaha keyboard; like the heavy weight & feel.
Kirk Hammett Signature (unsure of thickness)
8908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a good warm attack sound, this is your new batter head. I feel like when I use coated heads I don't need to worry about sustain lasting too long, but it's definitely still there. It's a great balance. Especially for 12-13" toms that are easy to let ring for too long. I put these heads on my 13" and 16" toms last week, tuned them up, used ZERO moongel or tape and the sound guy at my 2,000 people event was like, "Dude! Good job! You did your homework!" Because he loved the amount of sustain and tone and everything from them.
---------- High end Harmonicas:
6930	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Picks a very much a matter of individual taste, so you really have to try them for yourself, but here are the good things. There are durable, don't seem to chip, and are smooth on the strings. I sometimes play quite fast, and the glide is important to me. Very much worth a try.
1251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine. As advertised. Solved my problem.
--(**___ overall) Hohner Big River: Nothing memorable. It's perfectly fine but there's no reason to buy it over the Special 20 (the $ savings is minimal). Unlike the Special 20 it has a wood comb, but if you want a wood comb buy a Marine Band.
5847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At first it look small for my guitar but it fits perfectly with my Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul Electric Guitar
Now as far as the rest of the Capo goes it is of course very easy to take on and off, attached to the end of the headstock if you wish, to get enough tension on just about any acoustic 6 string guitar that you're using it on. I don't believe that weight is really that significant for CatOS in this day in age, but to be thorough it is obviously a very light unobtrusive object to keep on the neck. It doesn't make the neck heavier and does not seem to alter the way the guitar feels feels in any way shape or form. It opens and closes snugly but you should be able to get used to that rather quickly. It is made like a truck so I don't believe you will have any problems in a year or 30 years. And I believe that the parts are replaceable where there is were possible. As stated before because of the great white shark like tension on this item you will not have a problem with string buzzing because of lack of tension.
An excellent value for the money.
5543	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Went to local place to check out hands-on.  I was not impressed at all.  The thing just felt cheap.  I could not imagine playing it for long.  It was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy.
2983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	their rack screws, they screw in like their supposed and unscrew as well. What I needed them to do.
6649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	WORKS VERY WELL.  A SECURE WAY TO ADD ADDITIONAL SMALLER LIGHT FIXTURES TO MY MINI SYSTEM
I can blow on it directly (not quite as hard as blowing out a cake full of candles) and I feel nothing on the other side and hear no wind rumble in my mic.
7180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice strings


2599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great little Amp. There's a lot of sound here.


7946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Actually , I use this with my television . I have the only LED television in the known universe that doesn't offer any sort of tone control . This wonderful support eliminates the inherent boominess of my Bose Solo sound bar . I have another one of these that I use to isolate my guitar amp (I live in an apartment) .
8651	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I think these are a little too thin.  I'd say its my fault foe getting them.  I bought some more that at .48 and like them better.

5075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
People listen to music, not guitars. Music is made by players, not by pickups and electronics. If you're on a budget, this is an outstanding choice. If you're not on a budget, it's still a very good basic instrument. RECOMMENDED.
2472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mic'ing my guitar amps with one of these in the center using a Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 and Reaper.  It works and sounds great!  I realize the right way is to mic the cab flush to the speaker.  Even a few inches away from the cab, in the center between my two amps, this thing works great.
Ultimately, I think it's a matter of preference. Clear and coated heads have different sounds. Coated is warmer, clear is clearer. That's the best way I can describe them. Two ply is always my go-to for batter heads. You may like the thinner sound of G1s, but it is not my preference.
39	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	did not like..sent back for refund
7449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
1910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, I am very sastifecho with him. I recommend it to anyone interested. It is very use full for every one
5400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and received super fast!
3251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid, rolls well, fit good. Doors are tricky to get off until you discover which way is up...you have to flip it 90 degrees from the rolling position to put the case in the functional position. Not an issue, and makes the unit more stable than leaving it on it's wheels. Awesome case for the price. Rails in front and back.

- The reed plates - these are thicker than on any other harmonica I've owned - they only need 2 screws plus the 2 cover plate screws to keep these in place (compared with 5 or more screws commonly seen on lighter weight plates). That shows how solid/thick these plates are.
1249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and assemble!
9904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It`s good for the money
Can only hold two picks so it's not gonna keep your whole collection or even get you through a whole show.  But for that time you drop a pick in the middle of a song it's exactly what the doctor ordered.  GENIUS!
1727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	light and plastic but works well enough. using them for amp micing. decent.
The low E string is exceptionally big. I didn't know a star off, because this is probably the fault of my guitar's setup, but I find it harder to get a good ring out of the low E string now. It's so fat that it has a tendency to hit the frets and lose its energy very quickly.
1774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We were having trouble coming out of a mac and into our soundboard, the cable we were using was mono and created some weird video distortion (on pro presenter app) even though its just a audio cable. Weird I know but it happened. Anyway the stereo cable cleared it right up.

9182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As Promised
4982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used these strings in either 010 or 011 for years now. They last a long time, hold tuning well once broken-in and sound great for hard rock distorted tones as well as clean sounds.
1587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good for price
1624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
5047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this cable for five years. Works just as good as the day I bought it. For gigs, practicing, and rehearsing the ability to completely mute my base/guitar is indispensable. If you want to leave the amp on while changing instruments, you can use it to prevent the "pop" when you change on a normal 1/4" cable. Other times, I just want to go acoustic for tuning or working out a fingering without interrupting another player. If you need to put your instrument down, you don't need to touch the amp to kill the feedback/hum. My only regret was buying the 90 degree end. It does not go into my telecaster's recessed jack. Perfect for my bass, though. Sometimes I will put one between the pedal board and my amp, allowing me to move pedals around without needing to turn off the amp.  And because of the design, you can shorten it/cut out a damaged section and just reattach the end pieces where you need them. With how well this thing has aged, I don't think I'll ever need to buy another.
I have some "better" guitars in my collection such as a Fender Telecaster and an Epiphone Sheraton 2 but I keep coming back to this LP-100. I like the way it feels, the tone, the presence that it has overall. My only complaint with this guitar is the stock tuners/tuning pegs. It doesn't hold D or C tunings for as long as I would like but that is minor when considering the overall quality of this great guitar. If you buy this stellar Les Paul and keep it around, plan on upgrading the tuners to Grover tuners for around $20-$30 and an hour of your time.
5. The DVD's and CD's: I have not tried the DVD and CD's yet but the DVD's I believe will have the lesson and the CD will have the songs on the books so you can listen to it and have an idea on how to play the songs on the book. I will come back and edit this item once I get the chance to watch the DVD and listen to the CD.
4136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My only complaint is that I wish they had a bigger version that can hold 10+ pedals with 2 rows.
and volume of the kick.
3719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I dig the placement of this pick holder. I like it there, i don't drop picks very often but its nice to have mulitple picks handy.


868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it works great
2533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If there's a workaday mic in the world, used by every studio in existence as well as on just about every stage, it's the SM57.  Generally regarded as about the best general-purpose amp mic there is, it's also used for instruments, vocals (yes, vocals), ambience, drums, and anything else you can think of.  No mic fits every circumstance, voice, or instrument, but I guarantee you, the SM57 is right in the top dozen or so on the list when it comes to trying to fit a mic to a given situation.  It's indestructible, sounds good, and is inexpensive.  You really don't have a complete mic kit unless you have a few.  I have several, and use them all the time.  Look for deals and buy them when they go on special.
2442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shure never disappoints. Buy new, get the real deal instead of a counterfeit off craigslist. These are fantastic microphones, as are SM58's.

1902	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say about patches...they haven't given me ANY trouble, which is as good as it gets with cables!
6933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're not feel so rigid as they are, but they impressed me. Ultex are, definitely, much more resistant than Tortex picks (my previous choice). If you are a hard picker, if your picks worn a lot, and if you want a extremely bright pick (like Tusq or Chicken Pickin'), try this one or the Ultex Primetone.
3087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a mic for Irish Low D whistle and the Beta 57a performs great.  Works for my high whistles too.  The directional qualities also help prevent feedback when performing on stage close to speakers.
3772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the real deal. No bells and whistles. You can get a cool "wah" out of it or just move it to a certain position to get a great effect (there's a name for that, I just can't remember it).  Also lots of fun just to screw around with and drive your wife crazy. Built like a brick .... house.  Highly recommended.
Installation was not without some work, as one of the mounting pins would not adequately secure itself as the screw chewed through the wood.  Wood glue, masking tape and 12 hours of curing time fixed that little problem and the pin is now secure in the guitar.  Worse case, one could use epoxy to glue it in, or fill the original screw hole and drill a new one.  Using screws of different widths is not advisabe, as they will not consistently seat within the mounting pin, blocking the strap lock from engaging.
3263	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great sounding mic for live performance, especially for the price. You can spend a bunch more for a live mic but I don't really now how much you'll really get out it unless you're Mariah Carey. I have several other shire microphones (beta 58a, pg48, etc) and this one blows them away. It almost sounds as good as my large diaphragm studio mic.
3296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the money, you can't beat this vocal mic.  I've been using my trusty SM58 for about 25 years with no issues or complaints.  Recently I noticed that a couple of the guys in band had mic's that gave them a bit more power and top end, even with the all the levels on the mixing board set the same.  After doing some research, I decided to try the SM58 BETA.  Glad I did.  Another great Shure mic!  It's somewhat similar to the SM58, but the BETA has a broader frequency, more top end, and more output.  Now I've got 2 quality vocal mics to choose from.  Highly recommend the Shure BETA 58A.
1898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the pedal cable on the 2nd, received on the 4th, SENT IT TO THE RIGHT APT. EVEN!!! I'm sorry but UPS has proven to be quite confused in the past. Not a bad choice if I say so myself, especially if you have SEVERAL effects that you're using simultaneously. WILL BE SHOPPING HERE AGAIN IN THE NEAR FUTURE!!!
9813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My pick of picks
The vocoder sounds great. Pretty fun stuff. Beatboxing into it sounds tight.
3110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to combine PS3 audio with the DAC from my computer so I could play the PS3 at my computer desk and be able to use two headphones (on separate amps) for both sources. I don't detect any loss of fidelity unless I turn the knobs past the notch at 12 o'clock, but that is so loud that it doesn't really matter. Very solid build and it does exactly as intended.
1720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice


5836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Kyser quality in an awesome primary green color.
8671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Seem to be pretty flexible and good quality, good for picking as well as strumming, no issues so far, value package.
9803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo! does what its suppose to and it looks nice!
5054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This clamp is very easy to install, there is not screw that may get loose, or make noise, the rims cannot be damaged by the soft plastic, looks cheap but is sturdy and for me the this is best choice.
The documentation is concise to the point of being terse. However, in the hands of someone who has some knowledge of sound systems and studio components the highly visual nature of the slim user guide is perfect. And it does convey solid information about various configurations and how this component fits into a signal chain.

* The Chinese examples of the sunburst model that I have seen have a slightly golden-orange tone to the sunburst pattern, more like the traditional sunburst color in American guitars. The Indonesian examples I have seen have a much more over all orange look. Basswood does not have a lot of visible grain. The example guitar shown in the official Epiphone product photos, the photos you see on most web sites like Amazon and Musician's Friend and so forth, are probably a little optimistic when it comes to visible grain and the golden hued quality of the sunburst finish.
7074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a player of nearly 40 years. These are great picks. They are not thin like a Fender thin for example. More like a medium density. However these things fly over the strings, but they don't seem to wear down like Tortex does. I'm definitely sold on these picks. Whatever these are made of, Dunlop has a winner IMHO.
7639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what a regular hot rods should do!
8673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
The first one didn't work but we notified Amazon and we received a replacement even faster than the first!
In my experience a vocalist better have above average pipes to use the SM57.  The SM58 is better suited to those who lack vocal projection (most wannabe's).
9906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just ordered these off of Amazon and I can't wait to play with them
Bottom line is the Shure SM57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. A best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians.
5190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is one of the best products. It is an excellent brand. it is my favorite. I use many of his products. IT WORKS VERY WELL
came with a nice XLR cord and plenty of lil goodies.

Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
4643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Money well spent. If over the course of your lifetime these save your guitar once, then more than worth it.
9810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for something a little lighter than the .60's but these were just a bit too light, probably perfect for playing acoustic though.
I don't know if they've improved the model since I purchased mine a few years ago. But knowing what I know now, I'd never buy one again, I'd go straight for the vox.

Update: its close to 2018 & I continue to buy these from Amazon.
8446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This might finally be the pick for me.  I have tried a zillion picks over the years.  I'll leave the thickness to you all, but no matter the thickness, there is something good about the slight depression on both sides that is very comfortable.  I'd call it a "pocket" for your thumb and finger to ride in.  It almost feels like a neutral "home" position for your finger/thumb to stay in.  It's good.  I go back to a flat pick now and it feels foreign and slippery.  Give em a try.
Great for that vintage strat sound...
9776	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks were bought for my daughter who plays the guitar and her words are I would rather use a piece of paper to pick my guitar with as these are so thin.


1920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived and was much better than expected given the price. I hooked it up to my Pro Camcorder and it worked like a charm.  I used the wireless mic to create professional/studio quality training videos and it worked perfectly.  If you use a camcorder stop using the built in mic and get a good wireless one like this.
7274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is  the actual user, she tells me this feels perfect for her playing as a mid-level student of the instrument.
1123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
EDIT - November 16 2016 ---- and this thing is STILL making recordings of live rehearsals that are mind-blowing. I put them on Soundcloud and everyone remarks on how amazing they sound. Great mic, can't say enough about it.
Tried out the yellow .73 gauge, and was surprised at the difference in sound vs. the green .88's.  The .73s  produces a more "trebley" sound, with a more pronounced click when striking the strings, which is not unpleasant!  Will be keeping a supply of both gauges handy.  :)
The only con is that if your close to the drums you can hear the sticks "slapping" sound as the sticks hit the drum heads. Other than that they are great!
This particular one works as well as any. The nice think is they stick very well and I've yet to have one of these even show a hint of pealing off. Be sure to be carful though, once stuck on getting off won't be easy. Get it right the first time and your good.
2. It looks nice. Attached to my Blue Snowball, it looks like a professional product. It doesn't really matter since I work from home and not in a public place, but it's nice to know I can show it to people and it "looks nice"

6783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best
9291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used a variety of guitar picks over the years and these are by far my favorite - I was given one several years ago and have held on to it for....well...years. They don't break, they barely wear at all, they're slightly flexible so when you get to picking pretty fast, these are perfect. I used to use Gibson and Fender picks - and they're fine, but not as flexible and will break. If you haven't tried these - give em a go and see what you think - I'd bet you really like these - they come in different thicknesses and I've found the 60mm to be my favorite for guitar work.

6125	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very PRECISE and very useful!
3953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Feel good. Light. I've been a ProMark fan so never a complaint.
8282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sound available - I have used both Remo & Evans over the years (since 1970) but ALWAYS find Evans heads to be easier to tune, better sounding, and a more durable solution.
56	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a intermediate player. I know these chords. I am getting older and my hands getting slower. So I bought this to use to save a little on my tired hands. I can play many many songs with just these few simple chords and that is why I purchased it and I was hoping my child would see the ease and give it a try, I hope they do. this is a good learning tool for novice players that allow them to play songs in just a few moments, something very few systems do. Many get fustrated tring to play, this item takes away allot of that fustration in learning hand positions and allows them to play a song immediately. Great product for the novice, and the intermediate player and some older players with age may find this simple solution of tired hands easy to compensate for that problem and still play.( one thing I must mention, do not let this be a crutch for learning the correct chords and finger positions. It is so easy it will distract that fact from your learning and make it easy to push one button instead of learning the fingering and you will rely on it to much,Please learn from it and don't rely on it all the time) Still a great product and will indeed help you to learn the finger positions one chord at a time.

2361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Seems to have good sound reproduction. Microphone has solid construction.  And it's a good price, definitely a good buy.  Be sure to get a pop screen.
6398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Upon unpacking, it looks like an excellent case. After I live with it awhile I'll update this review. Taking it overseas this month.
2959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work. Isn't that what matters with this?
2393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Is it the best sounding vocal mic? Nope. But it's perfectly fine unless you're singing opera or something with really exceptional dynamic range. And let's be honest here: is your voice really developed enough that a better mic will make you sound better? Mine's certainly not. There's a reason that probably 90% of touring musicians over the last few decades have used these, and it's not because they break easily and sound terrible.
5446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelent.
Overall I'm really pleased that I got this.  It's the lowest cost guitar I own but it holds its own against the rest of my collection.  I've been wanting a ES-355 style guitar for some time now and I'm delighted with what I got.  You can't beat this value!!
2359	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this mic. Tough, sounds great... perfect for what I am using it for.
8342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks to use. Much better than the larger bass picks. Made a big difference in my playing. Not as clunky.
7833	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The capo I received has a shallow and short gripping ability.  It barely fit on my parlor guitar in depth and width and would not fit at all on my Ovation A/E guitar, neither of which has a very deep or wide neck.  Additionally, I found it to be difficult to grasp and open.  I threw it in the trash.
4101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
5598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a older version on SKB 4214W - its a good product for 61key keyboard case, however it weight around 12 pounds at least - and since i am not traveling much, its bit of an overkill for car transport to local gig venues and feels quite heavy to me especially on stairs etc.
Does this mean that the AT 440ML is PERFECT and that you have finally reached analog playback nirvana??? Well, that depends on different viewpoints. If you have bought cheap cartridges all your life in the $20 to $40 range, then this AT 440ML will be an audio revelation that will have you realize what you have been missing all this time. BUT, it's only a taste of the high end, audiophile analog world. If you have had other hi-end name brand cartridges (an experienced audiophile) and have paid more than what this cartridge is going for, then from a monetary stance you may have paid too much---that is IF the AT's sound rivals or is reminiscent of those pricier carts. On the other hand, if you prefer the warm, neutral sound to your liking, and possibly don't want to experience ear and mind fatigue from a bright cartridge then do not buy this cartridge. The AT 440 ML is a colored (soundwise) cartridge. You will only become ear fatigued if you are used to more neutral or warm cartridges (this is where you will need to adjust your treble settings). As with most cartridges, the AT 440 ML does require a little bit of "breaking-in" period (some say 30 hours to maybe 50---depending on your playback time habits). I have owned the AT 440ML for over a year now and it does get more looser or liquid-like, smooth and sweeter in sound(but not warm or dull) with no harsh or grainy sonic characteristics (sounds like I'm describing a fine liquor or malt shake).
9685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchasing this Evans head, completes my replacement of all the drum heads (Except for the Bass Kick). They tuned right up and  make microphone "EQing" and placement easy.

Later, as the student becomes more familiar and experienced then invest in the pricier and better strings.
4239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I didn't buy mine on amazon.com, however I am going to buy it's case. I was walking in a pawn shop one day minding my own business this bass spoke to me. I picked it up and I really liked it. It's really long and uniquely weighted. It has great clean tones and with separate vol pods you can kinda push that growl I like so much.

3663	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound, tone and feel, clear and bright. reliable and inexpensive. good quality product for your buck. Good Life Span.
Really easy to install, it doesn't bother you when playing, and ir really captures a good acoustic sound, not that electric sound most pick ups have.
9575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Superb quality as expected, if you're familiar with this brand then you know what it's all about, couldn't ask for more.
- No extras come with this guitar.  To set yourself up you're looking at a lot more money. (see equipment ideas below)
7011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This type of capo (spring) is great for temporary use, or if you are playing a couple of frets away from the capo location. If you plan on playing closer to the capo, I would recommend the thumb
9973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price for a very nice strap. Went on a little stiff but that is not a bad thing. Very comfortable and I am sure it will last years.
The only thing about these capos is that the rubber does break down somewhat, and the strings will leave an indentation in the rubber.  It doesn't seem to affect the pressure on the strings, however, and I have yet to replace one.  At any rate, it would be absolutely worth it to have to frequently replace them if that were even the case because their ease of use is absolutely indispensable.  Four years so far seems a very, very good run to me.

9187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I find this pedal to be an underappreciated model from boss. as the name says, this pedal is almost 99% metal tone. This pedal has separate dist & gain knobs(!) U can get a slightly creamy tone with dist knob fully down & only adding some gain. Turn up the dist & suddenly its a head crusher. When used with a tube amp, this thing delivers unbelievable crunchy power. I've tried playing it into the overdrive channel of tube amps & the pedal pushes the overdriven tubes with its own colors to deliver some metal riffs which will disembowel your audience. Another plus point is that tone & bottom controls are separate. which means u can turn up the tone to be fairly bright but also add deep bass with the bottom knob.

5679	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A good solid piece of equipment! It sounds as good as it looks and it is absolutely beautiful! The description listed slight wear marks on the back, but I had to really look hard to find it (one). It came as well packed as a brand-new guitar and looks like one!
1665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	cheap price and it fit the need I had - sound from a laptop headphone out to a mixer input.
Essentially it is pointless to discuss some hypothetic "classical guitar" on the web. In the same way as all we, people, have the same hands, legs and heads but have different nature and voices, the guitars, even of the same model of the same manufacturer may differ wildly.
1.) Not all guitars use the same screw in this position. Do yourself a huge favor and get a drill bit slightly smaller than the threads on the screw and re-drill the hole on your guitar.
After using these reeds for a while I became less content with their reliability, after having several broken-in reeds behave erratically during performances. While they are good reeds, and can produce an excellent tone, I've moved on to synthetic reeds, which I find work significantly better and more reliably for me. 56 Rue Lepic reeds are definately worth a look, but they're not perfect for me,
915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like tweed jacket cables because they are hard to get tangled up and are easier to identify than having a bunch of standard black cables everywhere. I use the right angle side to go into my effects pedal board and the other side to go into my guitar. The right angle is nice because it's low profile and fits perfectly on my board, even when I put it in it's travel case. Everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem.
*UPDATE - I reduced my rating down to four stars for the following reasons.
6973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing better than Martin strings.
1979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you like switching head shells/cartridges depending on the stuff you spin, this tool really gets your stylus to work 100%.

4133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked great when I used it.
70	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are definitely great and light weight to use as monitors for a 4+ piece live band, but did not satisfy my expectations while using it for mains. It is great as mains for a single to a trio act, but not beyond if you want that solid full sound of a 4+ live band. It's basically personal preference, therefore for my use, it's limited to being a good source for monitors. And the quality is superb but don't lay it on its grill when using the carrying bags because the grill dents easily.
8899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the feel of this pick. It feels nice and works well. Not at all a flimsy pick. Very solid.
5727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great product just what I needed.
It arrived in perfect condition, the slightly smooshed outer packaging notwithstanding. It was even "sorta" in tune... but a quick dial-in with the electronic tuner brought that right.
4152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Acoustic Bass strings. Strings DO make the difference!! Also great preice & fast shipping from this vendor. very pleased with my order! Excellent vendor -- A+++++
2196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am really enjoying this 440MLa. It is very revealing and a good match for my vintage Sony PS-LX5, which isn't a high-end table by any means but has a decent tonearm. I do notice that unless I have a very clean pressing, there are more ticks from surface noise than with other cartridges. When I record an LP for home network streaming, I sometimes switch to my Denon DL-110, since it is less likely to make surface noise apparent. For overall detail, though, the AT 440MLa is hard to beat and the pricing through an Amazon reseller was the best I found anywhere. AT cartridges are also not fussy about cable capacitance ("loading"), unlike some cartridges such as the better Shures and a few others. If your tonearm can handle a high compliance cartridge, I highly recommend this. You can get replacement styli, too, unlike some of the more esoteric moving-coil designs which are very pricey. Having heard supposedly "better" moving-coil designs, I prefer the AT. I track it at 1.4G and the microline stylus is superb, especially on inner-groove tracking. Very revealing, though, so you will want to have a good regimen for cleaning your records!
8740	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Not really Dunlop's fault, I bought the thicker (.73 mm) picks and love them.  These .46 mm picks are just way too thin, like paper thin.  I don't know how anybody can play with these.
1468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great It came  Quick  I love this product
5274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good good good. Enough said. Been using these for a while and it's a good brand.
5680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After selling my previous three (2 Gibsons and a Peavey), this is now my fourth and only electric. This is a stunning instrument for this price and arrived from Amazon well wrapped and playable. This one was untuned and will need a minimal initial setup for perfect intonation and action, which is already excellent out of the box. This is to be expected from any new wooden instrument. Since some apparently arrive perfectly setup, and even tuned, good luck to you!

9539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great deal for a lot of picks.
2709	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	when you factor in quality, sound, and durability you can't beat it at this price range. A must have for any band/singer/sound tech. Can be used for anything and will last.
1085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Decent cable not the greatest for keeping out interference, but still a great mid grade cable.
9808	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I'm 50 and am used to the older material, I don't like nylon. these are a good size but don't have that same flex and feel. Can't get used to them, just me, maybe others. Dunlop seems to be going cheap, unless there is no way to make this have better fit and finish. Better than picking with folded paper.
INTERFACE & PROGRAMMING - The microKORG XL+ has 37 mini keys, and a 3-octave range (with additional octave up and down switch, of course).  Keyboards are very subjective and I find that even if you prefer a firmer or looser action on keys, your opinion may differ depending on the type of playing you are doing.  For example, I find that the firmer approach of something like Arturia MicroBrute is better for percussive monophonic sequences or "finger drumming", whereas the microKORG XL+ requires a much lighter touch to press the keys.  While the real estate is a bit tight and the looseness takes a little getting used to, I find it more piano-like and sensitive to subtle velocity differences than many other cheap synth and MIDI controller keyboards I have used.  I actually think I might prefer this as a pure "keyboard" over my CME XKey 37, which is full-size but has very non-traditional "button" keys.
8408	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm loving this thing so far and can't complain. The strength of the spring is fantastic and the ability to do everything one-handed is a true blessing. I can go from fret to fret to fret without putting the guitar down and it grips really good. Just so easy to use and figure I'll get many many years of use out of it..And if it matters, the KG6SA Silver is a really gorgeous brushed shiny silver......Good luck and God bless
1656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a splitter. Plain & Simple, and it works just as I'd expected it to work. -nuff said.
The rubber insulation on the cable is fairly soft and supple, making them nice and easy to stow away in a loop. The metal casings on the plugs are decent and can be unscrewed to open them making them serviceable should one of the wires somehow become disconnected.  Though you will have to remove the heat-shrink tubing which extends about three inches out of the casings. (You can see the white sheathing in the amazon photos). The only thing I might recommend that needs improvement is dropping the blue thread-lock on the threads inside the plugs because they tend to come loose over time. Otherwise, the cable is very good for the price.

5358	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing freaks out a live sound engineer more than hot-plugging your instruments.  But I use this cable in conjunction with my Boss TU-2 pedal to kill my signal.  When I play live, I usually bring a few guitars along with me.  Different songs call for different sounds, right?  So in the middle of my set, I might switch guitars.  Although I give warning to my live sound engineers that I'll be doing this throughout the set with signal killing switches in place, this still freaks them out when I unplug my cable.  It's kind of funny to watch them freak out in the back of the club and pull my fader all the way down.  The sad part is that they never put me back up to where I was, so my guitar ends up being much quieter than the rest of the band.
7667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	recommend the product !!!!
5238	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	It can't holder more than 5 reeds because the case won't close because of a design flaw. It damages your reeds and the reeds still become warped. You can fix the warping by putting the case in a ziploc bag and if you're going to do that might as well also get the Rico Vitalizers.

6511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing possibilities once you get familiar with it. Using it with a GR55. Seller offered a new unit at a great price. Shipped promptly.
3455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings for the price.
5173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This strap-lock system is easy to install, works great and feels sturdy!  I've used plastic strap locks for years having them crack and snap and this is definitely the way to go
7345	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE 10-05-2013: Battery life ...... Not much on this topic using batteries, but I recently have been trying some rechargeable batteries and found the life of them a little over 6 hours using 6 Eneloop 2000 mAh double AA's and a "Powerex MH-C9000 Wizard" charger. Still a great drum sound the most realistic.



8999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the G2s are by far the best heads Evans makes. The G14s would probably be the runner up. Anyway, These are the only heads I use on my toms and I usually keep one on my snares. They have a nice tone to them and since I'm partial to 13" snares they really make them sing. Thick enough to give the drum a good tone but thin enough so the drum(s) don't sound too dead.
8113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not a whole lot to say about a guitar strap in general, but this one is pretty cool and looks good for the price.
6158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a practice amp.  I can produce the same sounds with it that I produce with my stage amp.  It is surprisingly loud, and can be run on batteries for outside practice session for hours and hours.
5657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pretty simple - it works! It's a strong spring, which means it holds the strings down well, but it also takes some hand strength. I like that the peg puller adds an artistic beauty to it.
Everything on it is very adjustable which I also like.  The only BUYER BEWARE statement I can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it!

I've been playing guitar for 15 years and have never purchased staplocks.
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal totally surprised me with its ability to outperform the expression of a Hammond B3 that I'm incorporating into my musical setup. Very impressed!

UPDATE:  I liked the Special-II so well I decided to get a Special-I with P-90's  too.  I think I like the Special-I pickups better, but the finish and tune-o-matic bridge on the Special-II are nice to have.
9263	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My Gibson les Paul sounds amazing!
9050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are very nice picks for lead playing. They take a little practice time to adjust to the feel of them. They have almost no bend and give you a very percussive sound when picking. They also helped me play faster and cleaner. These picks are easy to hold and have a nice texture. After a few weeks of pretty much nothing but sweep picking, they haven't worn down much at all. The only reason I took a star of is because they are unusable for strumming but they aren't really meant for that. Overall, these picks are my new favorites for lead guitar and another hit for dunlop.
77	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Naturally, the thing Arrives out of tune..After going through a Ridiculous Ordeal, I Finally managed to get it tuned.( I have been tuning Guitars for 55 Years and Never had to go through such a labor Before!)
7864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and the best capo I've had

6716	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is very ruggedly made and provides all the protection you could need on long trips or just short jaunts. Of course since it's not hard material you couldn't check it for flights but for carry on it'll provide good protection for the bumps and rigors of flying.


Installed on technics sl-j2 with ease. Excellent playback quality.  Very pleased. Inclusion of mini screwdriver and stylus brush is a bonus.
6814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	SUMMARY - if you want to switch between two instruments into one amp, (like 2 guitars ) this solution is pretty much ideal and works very well. If you are switching between amplifiers, you can find better solutions that will potentially be more noise-free, and potentially safer, but they cost more money. Overall, I really like the A or B, A and B switching layout and functionality. This also uses a 9V battery OR a 9V power supply. Prior reviews criticizing lack of easy access to the battery and lack of a 9V input jack are no longer valid -- the product was updated to add an easy access battery door and a "standard" 9V jack so you can easily run from your favorite power supply. And the price is right. This is FAR better than the Boss AB-2 that is in the same price range. It lacks a few features that are especially helpful when using this to switch between amplifier inputs.
Wellll, even if it's not "too good to be true" you can get scorched.

3448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Secure case.  Love being able to sling it over my shoulder.  Compartment only for the neck and one mouthpiece; the reeds and other items need to be put in a bag and stowed in the bell.
----------Note on the 2-draw:
7913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Returning to my guitar after over 20 years!! Looks like I forgotten much more than I knew, but in trying to deal with building those callouses up more gently, these strings were recommended. Love the sound--and they are more gentle...
830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent shielding....Check!
327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The plugs have a solid feel; they aren't going to break off in the jack or anything. The cable does what I need it to do, so I'm happy with it.
9565	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the picks, but I lost them all so that sucks.
4.  It has several factory presets, but you can also easily create your own and save them easily.
8670	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Way to thin to be useful. All I can hear is the clacking of the picks against the strings. Sounds like when we used to put baseball cards in the spokes of our bikes when we were younger.

2634	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	honestly i would rather use toys (skullcandy) than these... they are comfortable though.. I was expecting a nice loud yet crisp sound
2281	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	1st of it was a fake! It had a poor functioning switch and no shock mounted mic cartridge 2 part handle by the mike cord end and no stamp inside where the cable inserts, also underside of mic condenser the circuit board in recessed and does not have the red quality control stamp. Long story short it sound no different then a 29$ mic very pitchy on mid and highs, Not even close to my original sm58s ! oh ya when the box says made in china Gotcha.  If your going to spend 99$ or 105$ just go to a seller that buys direct from a Shure dealer! Don't pay 99 or 105$ for a nock off.
- Pretty in Pink
2006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It seems a lot of vocalist prefer the Shure BETA 58A or Shure SM58. So I also own those particular microphones for that reason.
8030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought two bags of 72 so I won't have to look for a pick ever again! Been using .73 picks for ten years, I laugh thinking about over paying at a music store just to get 5 or 6 picks. This is the best way to purchase guitar picks and the best brand right here.
There is NO 3/4 time preset and contrary to what google searches say, it is not easy to program your own waltz rhythm. The manual is useless and I have not found even one accurate, step by step explanation of how to accomplish it. After several frustrating attempts I ordered the SR18 which does include waltz rhythms but has its own set of problems. (Some day I'll review my experience with it). I returned the sr18 within days.
7218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings at a great price. My daughter is a beginner and these were the strings recommended by her cello instructor. They were $30 cheaper here than in the store.
9730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as a gift for my drummer. He used wooden sticks, but wanted to try these out. They are very light and well balanced. He prefers wood but not because these are inferior. Just preference. They are very well made and are good quality.
I went thru the set up myself to lower action at the nut and action at fret#12. Now it plays really smooth, easy on my fingers. This is not something a casual guitar player or newbee knows.
7586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how any other capo company stays in business. This capo is amazing and unbelievably cheap.
8717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this capo but it slips around a little. I may need to get a bigger one for my guitar
7727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these when I need the sound to be quieter. They are on the expensive side as the hi hat chews them up fast.

4298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome deal!!!
7358	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes I have to run a longer cable to a snake if I'm doing the big band thing. Otherwise, I use this cable at every show. Love it.
2747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hetero, also, and should be long enuff to suit all of your needs. I mean, if 15' won't, what possibly could?
I wish the body was black, because it's less obtrusive in appearance.

I bought this becuase I do backings
2001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Own several great mic
6954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I originally got a Gator case(same price) which are nice, sturdy, light weight, generic cases made from ABS. The fit was extremely tight(like jamming 2lbs in a 1.5lb bag). Had to jam the headstock in first into the top "pocket", then firmly press the body down as it compressed the foam to get it in. Literally, it was a shoe horn fit. Plus, to get it out, I had to make a coat hanger hook to grab the endtail piece(strap hook)  & pull quite hard to get it out(without damaging the guitar finish).
I have not had a single problem with this cable. This is my honest review, and I have not received any perks, discounts or free products to review this item favorable and give it the highest rating possible.


2171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great at a great price
6893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings!
7170	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works good

7745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good product.
5779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am blown away by the quality of this case!  It is well-made, well-padded, looks terrific & fits my Epiphone Les Paul like a glove, (and my Les Paul looks terrific in the case as well). I only wish I could have found fitted cases like this for my Stratocasters & Telecaster. This is just a terrific case. When I first opened it I immediately noticed that there was no strong 'new case' odor. (I usually air out a new case for a day or two before putting my guitar in it. There was no need to with this case.) I really appreciate the 'safety latch' on the opposite side from where you open it, this looks like added protection from the case inadvertently flying open. The case also has a locking latch for security, however please note that it only comes with one key - another key would be nice, just in case (no pun intended). A nice touch is the very large, well-cushioned carrying handle which allows you to maintain a comfortable grip. The metal feet on the back & the bottom of the case are also appreciated - You can actually stand the case up on the floor without leaning it on something due to the feet on the bottom (I'd be worried a pet might bump it an knock it over though). As stated, the interior is very well padded, and it features a wonderful covered compartment in which to carry accessories such as picks, a tuner, a strap or an instrument cable etc.
5903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good spring. Worth the money.
Quality is good, though, so although these strings don't really do it for me, they're certainly not something I'd toss in the trash.  The Kobza has a sort of Cittern shaped body, so the acoustical properties are probably a bit different than the average 12 string.
7778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived quickly and was as expected.
5687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Kyser 12 string is great for any guitar, and my band mate has a guitar with an extra thick neck, and normal Kyser style capos don't work, and he keeps losing his 20 dollar Shubb capos because they are so small. The Kyser is large enough to not get lost as easily, and for that you should buy it.
587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAAA++++++++++thanks
2339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice microphone, if you can not afford the SM58 I think the PG58 is the next best thing!  It is very solid and you can hear the difference in the quality, I purchased a mic stand and it came with a cheap NADY mic, the nady mic sounds just awful compared to this.  Also came with a good quality cable.
3269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Update: Well I sang 4 songs this past Sunday and wow! It sounded absolutely amazing!  So much better than sm58. Not even close. I wish there were more than 5 stars!


773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT........
I would improve the clamp that holds it against the table, but this is not a big deal. You can use a piece of cardboard or foam to help secure it in place.
-Rolff
If the price difference drops to where the mkII isn't much more (say $10-$15 or so) I'd go with those. Same headphones, more bonuses. If you don't like coiled cables or velvet cushions, these are just as good.
The SM (Studio Microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. In that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the SM58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. So the SM57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.
6600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
5902	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand. there's no better capo out there.
1119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works great. Length is avg and quality seems nice, although a little thinner feel than my other "name brand, high quality" cable. Would purchase again and possibly get longer length if offered.
[...]

Very happy with this purchase!!!!
6519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite sticks! These are only ahead slightly of my Steve Gadds!
4149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice way better than the chump 1 inch filter I had lol. Yes, Must buy and good on price. Cover my TLM 103 real nice! clamps onto the stand great and able to move easly if need be. I would suggest this for upgrade!
I DECIDED TO KEEP IT Despite the missing Pins.  I PUT SOME SMALL SCREWS IN PLACE OF THE MISSING STUDS.
7362	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The volume control is really nice. I still use a regular mic attached to a stand  for that cupped hand air tight harp hold and subtle soft bending of notes, but  for Chicago blues it's just the thing. Its small enough to fit in your hand and you can produce sweet mellow sustained tones for a ballad, but you can't get an air tight seal with a tin sandwich and the mic both in your hands. Of course, that's not what it's designed for. I have found nothing better for the electric sound - bar none. It's classic yet modern.  I use it with a PigNose Hog 30 amp if I want portability.
9297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pick
2381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought a pair of these to use for open mic sessions. Work great for not a lot of money.
6923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have about 5 other Kyser capos and this is my second classical capo.  I only use Kyser capos for quality, functionality and price.
7874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend the D'Addario Prelude violin string set to anyone who want to use wire-wound strings.  They are durable and have a nice tone.
7701	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Beware the tension.  It's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard.  Finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness.  It's also huge.
Edit: Okay, got it home and tuned up, intonation is right on, action is good. The tuners are a little mushy but that's the only thing I found that I wasn't happy with. Will be upgrading them but other than that one item, it's a heck of a good guitar. Like I said, you get a lot of bang for not a lot of bucks. 
8042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hohner harps are the best for the money. Not the best made, but OK for my purposes.
A SOLID REPUTATION

9618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always reliable great quality guitar picks, I never change my tortex picks !
2066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great whistle and good instructions. Wonderful pastime.
will be trouble if this happens. Do NOT use any glue in case you need to swap out the Straploks in the
5942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks great, stays where you plant it, and no loose spots. I've had one for years, and I bought this as a gift.
Shure also sells a Performer series mic, the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-Beta-58A-Supercardioid-Dynamic-Microphone/dp/B0002BACB4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure Beta 58A Supercardioid Dynamic Microphone</a>&nbsp;that looks almost identical to the SM58 but uses a totally different mic capsule and transformer and has a different sound so try before you buy.


2230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works
5354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased these (in different colors) for a few of my guitars. I love them. Installation is pretty simple and they really allow me to play without worrying if my guitar strap is going to come loose.
1037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Useful guitar cable.  Delivered on time and as described.

4017	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Classic
5389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Planet Waves Circuit Breaker cables are the bomb. I have some lazy/not-so-bright guitar players I work with that can never get enough of the speaker pop when they unplug to tune or change guitars. I've got some straight and some 90-degree depending on where the guitar plugs in. Have not had one fail yet.
8252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use G1 for the bottoms of my toms.  They are awesome and I know anyone who purchases them will also love them.
4264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This really fits my finger well. I use it for my resonator and electric guitars.


832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a non-gigging guitar player, I can only attest to the durability of this cable in a less than rigorous environment, but so far it's doing quite well. The signal is passed through cleanly, and I can't honestly detect a loss in quality vs. other, higher priced, cables that I've used.

807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best guitar cables ever.
3632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased an Epiphone 12-string at a second-hand store in Kentucky, but it only had 6 strings attached.  I had not played a 12-string guitar in over 20 years so I decided to purchase these strings.  They did the job; they're well-balanced and bright, if a little stiff.
Electronics:  Different sound on each "number".  Very responsive potentiometers.  No static in the pickup selector switch.
5111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
7599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great price great product. I was spending so much more at the local music stores. So glad I thought of getting this on Amazon.
1392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These gender changers are essential tools. Wish they could be smaller, but these are definitely solid.
6965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good picks
5417	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
6559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality is great for 20bucks.
Recommended.
8131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these

7437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always dependable.
7729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	still rocking them after 2 years play off and on with them
99	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love to add these to my class sets of Boomwackers.  The kids prefer the ower sound.
7088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these picks primarily for strumming, but they have a great grip, and work great. I doubt they'll ever wear out, and though I use .60-.80 for whatever I'm doing on my acoustics, these are among my favorite picks, and I use these the Clayton's, and a few others, but for .60 picks these are really nice, and I tend to pick them out of the box when I start to warm up with a pick.
I have to give them a poor rating on a few accounts.  First & foremost is that these stands rattle, and not softly.  I have 4 of them, and they all rattle.  The frequency range in which they rattle is roughly 69-98Hz.  The sound clearly comes from the telelock mechanism.  Since all 4 of the ones I have do this it can't be coincidence, but instead poor design.  One of my stands has lost its "grip" to keep the pole slipping downward while the telelock is on the raise setting as well, but that's just 1 out of 4 (you may be wondering why I have 4 - I work as a professional DJ, and it's important to always have backups.  Therefore you always buy more than what you need.)
2372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	another great item especially for in-house
2542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had at least $100 worth of fun assembling this kit.  First I exposed the parts to sunlight to deepen the grain in the wood.  After about a week the grain had deepened substantially. Then sanding, and a little more of a suntan.  Make up the neck joint, using rubber bands for camping.  I used hide glue, but didn't care for the joint, so steamed it apart and used good wood glue.  That made a much better joint.  More sanding, and masking for the saddle.  Glued on the fingerboard using rubber bands and pencils as clamps.
All in all, I've been pretty underwhelmed with the 58.  For around the same price there are much better choices.
9288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings..but I received only 5 in the pack..B string was missing..ordered for a replacement.
7602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
2128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and a perfect fitment for the shure M44-7 cartridge. Item shipped in a reasonable manner and sounded great.
9148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not that thick and still has the right thickness for any style.
8985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality, but it can only hold 2 receivers. Should've moved to a 4 mic to make room in main pouch. Not sure who they had in mind but i would really only need 4 mic holders and that would be to have back ups. It only holds 2 receivers, why would you need 5 mic slots? its still a great quality bag.
9012	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	About 40 years ago I bought a Westwood acoustic guitar for about $100 (between $450-$500 in today's money).  The 1st time I changed the strings, I chose Martin Silk and Steel.  I was very impressed with the sound and play-ability - even as a teenager.  When I played with people, I explained what the strings were and almost always stated that the 'make my guitar sound like a Martin'.  And I did know what a Martin sounded like.  I actually got to play one at age 15.
Do NOT forget to annually apply a little oil to their ball bearing lock.

8428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for years. I love em. If you do order, get a few different gauges. I use the light ones for rhythm and harder ones for lead.
I've played for for about 30 years and I think for the price for these Epiphone Acoustics are well worth the 100.00 I paid for them. I would have been elated to have one of these as my first guitar when I first started playing!
If you don't have one of these mics, just buy one, you'll love it. WARNING: Do Not buy a discounted SM-57 or SM-58 on ANY auction site, or anywhere for that matter. China is making very cheap imitations that are hard to tell from the real deal. Even the box is duplicated. You can find these fakes for 25 to 60 bucks. They are worth about 10. ONLY buy from a reliable source, like Amazon, they are an authorized dealer. This thing cost $100.00  ANYwhere.  If you are buying it for less, its probably a fake.
4240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I acquired an Epiphone Thunderbird IV at a local guitar place.  It came with a hardshell case and all for $249, which was a great price for what I got.

9289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I researched this particular vintage reissued strings for my particular kind of playing. After installing a Bigsby with vibramate on a Les Paul yesterday, I really like the tone. It fits me.

558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cheap priced midi cable. Works!
7412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Spectraflex makes great cables. I bought this right angle 10' red cable for my older Ibanez guitar. This cable is built to be extremely durable, is made in the USA, and comes with a lifetime warrantee. The 20 gauge construction and rugged nylon braiding makes for a very low noise cable, and the connectors are very secure and feel quite substantial (especially compared to a cheaper Fender cable I had been using that required almost constant tightening.) Though Spectraflex cables are not the least expensive (nor the most expensive,) they are a great value and I am definitely a fan. I recommend this cable without reservations.
3188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sturdy and light
647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!!
3992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have always used Martin Strings and was paying Top dollar for them in the music store. When I found them at such a bargain price I started buying them bulk and was saving a great deal of money.
3991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These give my guitar a big improvement on tone and articulation from the ones i had on my new guitar (Simon & Patrick). I have a couple sets of Martin Acoustic SPs which will go on next, while I search for the right strings for the instrument. After that, D'Addario EJ17s. I believe these are made for Martin by d'Addario.

980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sorry,one great in,one corner Came off!,but,that's a first from you guys,and I've got a few of you're leads so it's cool!,usually a 3 pack I get one that works!,so alls cool perfect size,and well made.
UPDATE: I marked this product down one star after a connector fell apart during what I regarded as relatively light duty. The set screw fell out and could not be found. I've had similar problems with other Pyle products. If you buy them, I recommend tat you get a micro-screwdriver set as well so that you can tighten te connector screws before you have a similar xperience.
In fact, it's a good idea anytime you take an instrument outside the house and especially when transporting in a vehicle or if shipping it, to pack it judiciously with some extra foam or fabric. Not too much and not too little. If you use a cotton scarf or towel, that will also be useful to dry moisture that escapes from inside when playing and the like.

6022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent!
5361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it. It matches my guitar
6635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good price
6268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchased 2 of these to operate a boss rc3 and it does exactly that. Simplified operation and I  recommend them if you have the space on your pedalboard.
3367	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a very good quality product. But not for me. It somehow added some thickness to the stick. I tried it few times but went back to clear sticks right away. One alternative: sand the sticks where you hold them. It helps during shows.
3616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Using these for a Trembita 218 "Kobza", I've found that the sound is a little too bright.

7021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a novice but this works great when I am in need for it... I do not know the longevity of the spring but for now it is great and I would buy again without question...

5858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!
8440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are great for picking individual notes, and for strumming chords. I would highly recommend them.
4525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
(update Sept 2012)

4881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First set of strap locks I've tried and am very pleased with them.  The only change I would suggest is to have a larger diameter base.  They pulled out af a vintage strap (no damage, I caught the bass) I had due to the softness of the leather and the length of the slit.
8691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Classic
4013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent capo!!  As capos go, this one is better than most!  It works like a clothes pin.  Just pinch and slide!

5633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bang for the Buck , a beautiful Guitar at a Great Price, Good construction and nice action, nothing like Epiphone (Gibson)
Overall 5/5
7944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality replacement string fills in for broken ones
The first thing I check on a guitar is the frets. I run my fingers all the way up and down the neck at the top and bottom of the neck.
8372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great buy!
3396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great case. holds all I need! only one issue, the top of the horn is not as snug as it could be, so I put in a loose piece of foam and no more bouncing around. This is the 4th case I've bought from protec. I recommend it.
And for what it's worth, I say the MT-2 is mainly for rhythm guitar work...power chords etc.
4996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say other than it does one thing and does it well/
1850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These snakes are better and cheaper than the other "budget" snakes. Connectors are solid and feel like they'll last quite awhile.

they work perfectly.
1142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this cable to feed the stereo signal from the headphone jack on my laptop into a JamHub Greenroom system in a rehearsal space. This cable has solid connectors on both ends and adds no noise to the signal at all.
8068	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good as always
9519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described

The quality is very fine overall. Solid, thick-walled, metal construction. Paint is applied very evenly. The grill wires look thick and robust. Fit and finish are as good as you'll ever get.
1423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and as described.  A useful purchase.
1554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	pro quality
1084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cable
6929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive been playing these picks for a number of years now.  There are some folks I have run into who have used real tortoise shell picks and they have told me that this, while not the real thing, is pretty close.
1105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This cable has been working very well all the weeks since having bought it.  Will it last for years?  Probably, but not absolutely sure.
5149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable is a great on-stage piece of equipment. Helps with embarrassing and damaging PA pops.
I'm very satisfied.
5706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got a new Taylor 150e for duet gigs.  Needed a good quality capo.  Very happy with this one.
2452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic is a must-have for any home studio user. It's so versatile, and offers industry standard quality. It also came with a stand clip and a carrying case, which was a nice added plus. It was probably listed somewhere as included, but I didn't see it, so it was a nice surprise.
4473	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings.
I've been in bands for 12 years
9334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great! sounds and looks and protects, very well
2718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is not a bad mic for the price ( If you want a real good one with studio quality mic it would cost over 600 bucks) but it is no comparison to a studio mic since I have worked in a recording studio. Now, you need to decide what you want, getting a studio mic alone does not give you the result you are looking for; it is like having HD TV and BD player but playing an ordinary CD. You would have to compliment the mic with many other products like a studio quality mixer, speakers and so on. If you are a home or hobby user, then go for this mic. This mic is quite good for its price. I would probably say, it exceeds your expectations.
6045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I played a concert in Ohio in July 2014, as did a number of super performers.  The guitar capo I noticed almost everyone using was a Kyser.  I know why; it works great.
2046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is the best I have used so far
9045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good solid case for transporting wireless systems. Can also work for wireless in ear systems. Hold everything. Only gripe is there isn't really a pocket for batteries, or extra cabling. You can fit all of those things in this case, but they just end up rolling around.
254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and as described.
4203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great addition makes other mouthpieces look like play dough....precision playing becomes sooo much easier.

4 and 1/2 stars: 1/2 star deduction for the vinyl-covered earpads heating up my head, but I probably should've ordered the K240 Mk 2 version which come swith the velour earpads instead...kind of wish they had come with more breathable foam earpads like the Grados instead, but I imagine AKG chose not to because these insulate the sound better and form a better seal which allows for more bass.
5646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my Taylor 12-string.
6205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks.
- As compared to the system a lot of pick makers use: extra light, light, medium etc etc, .73 falls somewhere between light and medium (at least as compared to fenders. These are just slightly thicker than a yellow tortex .03mm to be exact.
but nice to have and not expensive.  Seems very durable


9146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good

7257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
7752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound! Great grips! Awesome feel when I'm playing. Serve the purpose to decrease sound of beats during different songs.
bien protegido y con sus manuales como si estuviera nuevo. Gracias
6303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I mostly use my capo for "Drop D" tuning, and they're the best.  They say I need seven more words.

I like a pick with a sharp point for better control, and the Big stubby certainly meets that criteria.  The sharp point and the pick's rounded edges, help the Stubby to slide smoothly off of the individual strings, which makes for easier picking.  Besides electric guitar, I find these picks nicely suited for acoustic, and semi-solid body guitars, where the string tension is greater.
Good luck!
3160	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The under-guitar support arms stick out too far for a solid-body instrument.
2866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product, just as described
8502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Some of the best picks you can get and they last a long time too!
5073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this strap lock very strong very sturdy! Keeps things in place.. one problem.. The coating will wear out in a short time (a few months) and if you never take it off it might rust a bit on the inside. This might make it a bit hmm I don't want to say hard to lock, but you'd better make sure it is actually locked every time you fit it on by tugging on the thing to be sure, Mine has un-clipped a couple times because I didn't check. Our climate is humid so it's rust friendly which could contribute to why I'm having issues. However once clipped properly you shouldn't have issues! Great buy

7767	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I start to know about this h-rods, because I always uses the vicfirh Rutes and was perfect.
3839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	You definitely need to open it up, and mod it... Otherwise it aucks your tone dry when on bypass mode... Great when it's in use though

7670	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This capo is not acceptable for acoustic guitars with low tension, as the clamping force is so tight that it bends the strings up. I would recommend getting an easily adjustable capo instead for much more versatility for the same price. I have seen the videos about adjusting this capo, and I am a 200 pound male who lifts weights daily and it hurt my hand and took a very long time to pull the capo looser. Even then, the tension was not equal across all strings. I would much rather turn a knob than gorilla force this into a suitable position.
2034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thannks
5466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have always loved the tone, and feel of these strings...depending on the gauge will determine the longevity as like most others...these have always just felt right for my fingers...maybe just a psychological thing, but hey, whatever works right? As mentioned in the subject, they are my favorite, I have been a long time customer...personal preferences, like personal opinions...
2385	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mic . Works well.
1007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. It came as described and works just as you would expect. The price was perfect, shipping was fast, and i would defenitly order again.
What I was looking for was a "controlled" sound with good tuning range. I am VERY happy withy the outcome! Evans products have always provided me with the best options, sound and durability.
4038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like this style because it's quick, though not quite as secure as the screw-down type.  This replaces one I lost, which lasted many years.
Have had these on the kit nonstop since 2006.  Can't find anything better.


2740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great product. It works just fine for my cabinet speakers. Great purchase.
3481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pedal is fun...Jerry Garcia used one I believe.  My concern is:  When I am using an AC adaptor the "check" indicator light only dims when the effect is disengaged, rather than going completely out like other BOSS pedals I own.  Is this YOUR experience?  I am concerned about the implications for other connection in this particular pedal and the power waste/sheilding issues.
5380	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Planet Waves Circuit Breaker cables have become my favorite. Haven't had one fail yet. They are a bit stiff but I do not mind this at all.

4124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I wish the clamp was a little different, but it works well, so no other complaints from me.
4326	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what its supposed to fits my 2 arm desk clap stand fine perfect for what it does


and again, the sound is good, but too quiet.

7447	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what we ordered.  Great experience with the purchase.
4626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
9004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like all of the Dunlop Stubby Picks. I use this 1.00 Pick when playing on lighter gauge strings and it produces a bright, light sound.
6840	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	My MMV supposedly came with these on it. I guess I bought a bad batch because these sound awful
Long story short... it's an extremely solid amp, and a fantastic price. This will definitely suite my home playing needs.
8205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the leather smell!
7478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice strings for a reasonable price.
Comparing it to an SM58 this one is about on par. Neither mic is particularly hot and both do best when run through a mic pre amp, but for the small rooms we play this is not necessary.

2088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
4738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The same German made quality that Hohner has delivered for many decades.  This is the same model I played as a teen 30 years ago.  It is fun, clear, and crisp.  I did try a few knock-offs, and they did not last, nor deliver that crisp, clean, and loud sound that Hohner is famous for.  Until these are out-sourced to china along with the rest of products sold in the US, they should continue to deliver quality sound.  If they are good enough for Bob Dylan, they are good enough for any  of us!
The Kill-Pot is really cool, but not something I will probably ever use.
Folds into a nicely compact form, and it's sturdy enough, but its chief virtue is that it suspends the instrument by the peghead (sorry, you post-moderns who play the "headless" guitars) and doesn't have the bottom bracket to get tangled in the strap when you need to change instruments quickly.
1316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works
1829	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well and a very good price
6326	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are nice, I like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as I am.  Once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  Much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  I also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  They stay in your fingers well.
5079	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	A nice enough cable, BUT it slips out of the input jack on my electric piano. I've never had any other cables do this, so I'm pretty sure it's the cable and not the jack (also, I see other reviewers have occasionally noticed similar things). It's slipped out a few times in the middle of gigs, so I'm going to try to get my money back, but my hopes are not high!
5248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good cable. Best feature is signal cut. Noiseless.
2632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are great budget headphones. Not perfect quality of sound, but they are very comfortable and were just perfect for use in my home studio when recording multiple people at once. I would recommend these for anyone who doesn't want to spend a ton of money but also need something for monitoring. They definitely get the job done.
I've had so many friends buy these and they were all pleased with it.
5938	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Looks cool.. but awkward it is upside down compared to the jim dunlop which I find much easier to use
2124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice and heavy, just what the doctor ordered, just not snazzy, but fully functional
Edit-  More than 6 months has passed and this cable is functioning without any issues.  The price on these things has gone up significantly and although the cable is highly recommended, there are probably better values from Hosa, Monster or Planet Waves-
8076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Then soft light so fast for speed
I recommend stearing clear from these entirely.
534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fine piece of gear
8525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice tone, very easy to grip, last me a long time. One of my favorite picks I've tried for electric. Don't enjoy them as much on acoustic.
Part finger nail part pick. They are paper thin and incredibly strong and flexable.
3458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Chose this product to provide instrumentalist with a high quality easy to play option for someone who has trouble keeping a good seal.  Seems to be working well after getting used to it.
3759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal is fantastic. Adds a lot of dimension and variety to lead guitar. As good as any other I've ever tried - which is quite a few. Very responsive and easy to work with. High marks!

2681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great mic as you all know!
1401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far - no problems with the cable - used it to practice at home, as well as for playing out with my band. Will probably last me for a while if I keep it from twisting.
6174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	user friendly and good quality material
1641	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Does not send stereo signal through, only mono. Useless.
I love to use them with very light gauge guitar strings,
3107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this cartridge for my Technics turntable. I listen to a lot of music from the '50s, '60s, and '70s. I was looking for a cartridge that would faithfully reproduce the warm analog sound from that era, and I also wanted something that would be very gentle to my records. I did a lot of research, and the M44G seemed to meet most of my requirements, so I purchased one and installed it on my Technics.
With that equipment you get the feel and sound you want from your equipment to keep you moving along.

3717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Firstly, you can't beat the price. I wedged it between the 6th (top) and 5th strings on the headstock on my acoustic. Its been there for a year (save for string changes), and does exactly what it was designed to do. I was forever losing or misplacing picks...no more. All of my guitars now sport these indispensable little pick holders. Good value!
7815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a public school orchestra teacher. I buy these strings to have on hand for replacements when student strings break. These strings sound good on student level instruments. They tune up quickly and don't require much break in time to stay in tune. Good value for the price.
All that said, there a few things to remember.
8233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great heads.

8357	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beats using duct tape.
For those people wanting to use a professional XLR microphone with a stereo camcorder, you need to search for a mono XLR to Stereo 1/8" TRS cable.  I have one, that I purchased from Amazon and it works very well for my stereo cameras.  This is not that cable.
177	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work and seller won't accept a return.
4844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Crunchy and versatile sound. Dig it~
2463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Industry standard.  Very tough microphone that gives great sound replication!
9242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The guitar picks are very nice and after significant use they don't wear out as much as other picks do, on top of that you get 12 so they will last you awhile. Only issue I had was the fact that the red .5mm picks are way too thin for me, I don't really know why someone really needs something this thin considering the sound they made which is sort of like flicking the strings, but still good overall. Ill be buying a heavier gauge next time
5627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works well with my Martin 12 string acoustic
9771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thank you
184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Product
8864	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I was able to get a nice crisp sound from my bass guitar with these picks, but I found the grip uncomfortable.  This made playing with them feel awkward, especially during faster strumming which was somewhat frustrating.  At first I thought that after I used them a bit I'd get used to it, but after playing with them for a while decided that it would be better to find a pick that better suits me rather than try to adapt to these picks.
6058	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
5405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NIce balance I likes these!
5722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	ok
802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super reliable and durable. Just get it.
Sturdy enough for stage but they do take up more space than some other stands because the legs open nice and wide for more stability. They fold up compactly but are still a bit heavy to carry around and won't fit in your gig bag it that's what you need. The self-closing yoke is a nice feature which will prevent the instrument from being accidentally pushed off the stand by your clumsy drummer. But the GS-100, without the self closing feature, is just as good.
3430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	10/10 Quality Product. Will be buying again

838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good quality and performance. thank you
If you need to clean your guitar strap, take off the locking pin and use a flat head screw drive to pop off the retainer clip. Its a quick and harmless way to do it and it may take about a minute or two to undo both strap locks. Its not that hard though and the reward is worth it.

9830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice dependable brand.
Guitar strings are, much like guitars themselves, a very personal matter of choice...everyone has different tastes and preferences.  For myself and the music I play (classic rock, blues, oldies, etc), GHS Boomers are about the best strings out there for electrics.  In short, I've probably tried just about every brand of guitar string out there in the 30+ years I've been playing...Slinky's, SIT, D'addarios, Gibson, Fender, Elixers...you name it, I've probably had them on a guitar at one point or another. The simple truth is that sooner or later, I have always come back to GHS Boomers for my electrics (I like Earthwoods on my acoustics and Rotosounds on my basses).
9663	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works great. Any brand or model or anything would perform the same duty. You just gotta pick your brand to rep (or price to pay).
I bought my Viola several years ago and am delighted with it's vintage styling and classic British Invasion sound. For those who are interested in it's stats:
1736	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	for the money, these are quite wonderful. you have to use more gain and volume than i would like, but, they don't feedback. they actually sound like my sure sm58. overall great buy!
7320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have tried different brands and weights of strings in search of the ones that would give my guitar a clear, bright, yet robust sound, and I found that in the Martin MSP 4050 SP strings. I knew I had found, "my strings" after a short time playing with these. They are light on the fingers, sound great, and priced right.
2018	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These would not work in any city I visited, there was constant static.
2837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have worked amazingly for a year. For studio and personal use! Love them!
2796	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Junk, right out of the box.  The neck was warped, among other things.  Spend a few extra dollars and but a reputable brand.
4317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Decent, especially for the price, one star off because the bendy arm for positioning could be more solid and hold its position better. Not sorry that I bought it though, considering what I paid for it.
4266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This glass blues bottle slide sounds great on the strings.  Also the smaller neck on the bottle fits right above it the second knuckle right where  I like it.  Other tube shaped slides are too bulky and moves around on my finger which make it harder to remove during a performance.  These are nice slides for this price.
9410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be holding up well.  I was trying to be proactive and protective of a new drum kit and this seems to be working well.  Adds a very small amount of damping that may or may not be noticeable on some drums.
Very versatile tone that's good for soft ballads, powerful gospel or screaming contemporary.
3899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great strings.
1210	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work.

4978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have these on all my guitars.  They work very well.  You need to keep them lubed so that they can release when needed.  I recommend wd-40 and a Q-tip.  Easy to install and maintain.
use on sensitive MC types...and only use

8402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, ridiculously inexpensive. Why didn't I get one of these long ago?!?
3202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very solid, though light weight, excellent quality guitar stand. I've got two of them. I've seen some complaints about the straps. Honestly, I didn't realize the necessity for the strap across the neck. I thought if my guitars wouldn't stay in the stand without the strap, then something's wrong with the stand. Then one day, after months of use, someone knocked the stand, the guitar dropped an inch to the floor, but stayed in the stand. 99.9% of the time the strap is useless, but that 0.01% makes all the difference.
The narrow neck feels great and is truly unique in bass guitars if you've only played Fender-style instruments. The tone from that huge 'bass-bucker' up front is fat and warm - the kind of bass sound that as kids we used to call 'pig bass' - perhaps not as nuanced as a Fender, but the kind of bass sound you could hear blocks away from bands practicing in their garages.
3280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love everything about this mic. It has some heft to it, it looks nice, it feels nice to the touch; but best of all? It sounds amazing.
910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as intended.

2820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Look and work professional. They fit well and can be worn for extended periods of time. Sound great.
9637	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love them


9636	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	light picks...in a bag...thye are gray.
4870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as advertised.
6130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son was just learning to play guitar so this was a great part of a gift for his birthday.

9221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used the living snot out of these picks and they are perfect to me. I definitely have a new favorite.
There you have it.
Their being easy to play makes them an especially good choice for beginners who may not have the finger strength yet and would like to avoid some frustration, players whose music involves a lot of barre chords which can be challenging, or really anyone who appreciates things being a bit easier. I think they're intended more for fingerstyle players than those using a pick since the strings get a little weird when played hard, but a pick would be okay with some styles of music, especially if you use a thin one -- you won't hurt the strings if you use a pick, but it may not respond the way you want.
8124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
2772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm V.i. P. The Guinness World Record holder for longest freestyle rap. I used this same exact chord on my Pro Tools M-Audio setup that I have at my house. Pyle-Pro has really shocked me with the outstanding quality of products that they have made over time. I plugged these into my SBX10 sub linked to my BX5s and away we go. I would recomend this product to anyone because of the quality and great pricing.
Works great. Highly recommended.
1937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well it took me about 31 years to replace the cartridge on my Technics Q200.
Nice quality connectors and the cable is supple so it doesn't appear that it will get that aged, cracked look to the outer jacket. I've bought another 25' one too and it's a 'ditto'.
7933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good product. Highly recommend.
491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small DV cameras will function but with caveats.
just as the detail sheet stated they would, a good bet if money is tight
5514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm not s big fan of pedals. I usually just use clean and distortion from my amp. I notices a crap-ton of bands using this pedal so I figured I'd give it a try. I really like it. Not only does it have a bunch of different types of delay, but it has a looper which is pretty fun to mess it. Especially when trying to write multiple geeetar parts. Overall, it's a sold pedal and wicked cool to mess with.

Anyway, it's real good, get it.
2.) This hint is true for all wood screws (going into wood): Get a candle and run the threads of the screw down the side of the candle. This puts a little wax on the threads and will make it MUCH EASIER to screw the screw in.

I hope they last longer than some of the reviews indicate.
8658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great tone and easy to tune.

3948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great strings I have close to a hundred hours on this set and they still sound and play as good as the first day. Scott from Syracuse
1704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	came fast - came well packed -  well made - very professional quality

1907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice WELL pack heavy duty cables
If you need something reliable for a peformance I would recommend something like the Proco Power Mute.  Sure it's more expensive, but it's built like a tank, the performer can stomp on the footswitch and the light turns green (mic on) or red (mic off), and it's transparent as far as effecting your sound.  Also no worries about extending the mic or cable run with this long switch.
5317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good and sturdy cable. I've owned several cables over the years and the Circuit Breaker are the only one who did not end up breaking at some point.
176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.
1773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love the dynamics of these mics. I guess we'll have to see how long they last, LOL!

696	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's ok, like I was expecting. The plugs are part of the cable (it cannot be removed to fix it).

5264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described
5796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Nice size and thickness to hold a portfolio of sheet music and etude studies

5259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a fantastic cable! The kill switch works flawlessly. It's very rugged, yet flexible.
1530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Seems like good quality can't use due to my mic's need for phantom power. I was unaware of this when I bought this adapter.


4171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gave my mandolin a lot more tone and volumn. A lot more comfortable to play than my previous strings.
3811	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They're fine strings but I like the Slinky's better for some reason...?
2870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice quality, sounds great, and consumer price friendly.  many thanks, jim

5717	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I do a lot of podcasts and dubbing over videos, and after using this filter, the pop that occurs with P's and B's in the voice are basically gone. It makes your audio more professional when you eliminate these annoyances.

I am not impressed with the set up and the quality standards.
3115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can understand why folks who are most familiar or most comfortable with a pedal that re-creates the feel of what can be found on a real piano might not be thrilled with this.  But I just needed something to be able to get a sustain effect out of an old Yamaha DX21 keyboard.  This product did the job and works great.
The design of these mics goes back about 40 years.  A lot has happened with microphone technology during that time.  These models may have been very good decades ago, but they are really showing their age.  The most prominent problem with them is the sound quality... they are quite "honky" making everyone sound far more nasal than they do in real life.  There are some situations where that might be okay, but unless you are a vocalist who actually wants to sound more nasal than you do in reality, there are much better choices out there, as these two mics will really emphasize any honkiness/nasality of your voice.
I use the #2 1/2 V16s. They are just a bit thicker at the base and rank about a "#2 3/4" on the Vandoren scale. They work just as well for me playing everything from show tunes to marches to jazz. I use these reeds with a Vandoren A6 or Meyer 6 mouthpiece on Selmer Mark VI and Yamaha 62 altos.

2505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use the SM-57 for recording in my home studio. It does what it is designed to do, and it does it well!
The original can actually have a preferable frequency curve for thin vocals, because it will naturally fatten them and many users won't need the extra gain of the Beta. Neither of these are reasons not to buy the Beta though.
9133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do casual guitar playing and this package is right for my purpose. Buy a pick holder for them - otherwise you will lose them one by one real soon!

6408	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	It is indeed better looking than the cheap plastic recorders, but mine came out of tune (specifically the F note), making it unplayable.

6936	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had one..worked well but the spring snapped.
5124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the only cable I use any more. They work, are quiet and super simple to repair if they are damaged or the jack end gets spotty connection. No more solder jobs for me!!
7983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When it comes to fast picking on any acoustic if I don't have my Dunlop 1mm I feel at a disadvantage. I went out back to play some guitar and could not find this pick. Instead of playing I spent 20 minutes looking for one pick (even though I probably have 50 others). I have picks that cost $5 each but when it comes to playing my mando, acoustic or 12 string this is the only pick for me. That is why I ordered a bunch. I should wear a Dunlop shirt!
6427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case for my Yamaha FG730S and it fits like it was made for it. I'm not worried about any excess pressure on the neck as there's enough give on the plush padding and it's well recessed. I also don't have to push down on the top to close the latches.
6983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Was very happy with my purchase!!
These 9.5s seem to be more stable and stay in tune better than the 9's and they are clearly louder; I practice unplugged.  The tone is so much more obvious that I re-checked my tuning - twice.  They are more resonant and have more sustain than the 9's.  My meager bends are no more difficult than with the 9's but the guitar sounds better.
* The Chinese examples I have seen tend to weigh more. One Indonesian model I saw weighed a full pound and half less than the Chinese model right next to it. There is not, unfortunately, any way to tell from the box or from the barcode or SKU number on the box what factory a given example inisde the box came from. The system will deal out whatever is in stock at the moment.
7361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty strong cable. I wanted something I can plug into my top loaded amp and the jack would stand out in case I'm sitting on the amp. the angle does the job. seams strong , seams like it will last.
4407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these on my son's uke (a $20 beginner model) and the first thing I noticed was the warm tone.
There's a Toolkit that comes with it, consisting of a stylus brush and a screwdriver for setting the overhang... the brush is ok but the screwdriver is not good, it doesn't fit the head of the screw properly.  You'll likely damage your screw if you use this thing, it will cam out and mangle.  I just compared my tips with the one they sent, the Shure driver is unmarked but it's actually a #00 and the screw itself is a #1.  Hope this helps someone!
7123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
See "Be yourself" from audioslave video: its the same of Morello's.
Anyway. I can't tell you if the Schaller's are better.

6191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this capo in 2010 at my local music store which cost $25 at the store i should of went online and got it cheaper but i didn't want to wait a week to get one.
735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? These midi cables don't cost much but they work very well. The plugs make no pretensions of being thick and that allows them to fit easier in most cases.
3633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings, great price. What more could you want?
The jacket resists twisting and uncoils smoothly. It also rolls up for storage without fighting back like a snake that's had a few espresso shots.
Side Note: it is camouflage, so don't drop it in the woods or you might never find it again.
3446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughters other mouthpiece broke, so the day she told me I quickly came home and started researching. Found the Vandoren 5RV at a great price. After  days of using it, my 10th grader says it sounds/plays much better than the old one. She really likes it. The Vandoren reeds are an exceptional product also.


1779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	don't bother buying a dedicated mic splitter device, this does the exact same job!

5663	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I got this case with an off-Brand Les Paul copy. Looks nice, but one of the latches keeps popping open when carrying it with a guitar inside, and the inner wall by the headstock is coming off. $99 is ridiculously priced for this thing. If it was the same kind of case they use for the Gibsons, maybe, but those are different.
The ends seem to be of a cheap metal (aluminum, I'm guessing), and don't seem as good as the competitions. Also the connector doesn't lock in as well as the other ones. Neither unit has serviceable connectors, but I didn't expect that for this price.
I'm not sure if this would be the best gigging amp though, but then again, I don't see myself gigging anytime soon.
1094	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I though I would give this a try.
1422	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been around the music and sound business for several years and have had the opportunity to use many different brands of cables.  This is a very high quality cable, especially for the price.  It has repairable ends and is made of the same "soft" flexible wire material as cables three times the cost.  I have been using mine for gigs and practices for a couple months now and it is holding up very well so far, i am probably going to purchase several more in the near future.
4320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When reading this review, you should I am rating based on ALL guitars, not whether or not it's good "for the price".
2925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this on the road after I left my other headset at home. This is very comfortable compared to the cheaper model I had been using, and very solid on your head. The microphone is very good quality. Definitely recommend this for anybody needing a headset mic.

BUT: slides on the lap. The instruction booklet says put something under your foot to bring the leg up if it slides!!!! If I wanted to put something under my foot, why would I buy a guitar support????
3478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Strings Good price
2411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought two microphones, a AKG D5 and SM58.  I like AKG D5 a little better than this because the vocal sounded a lot clearer and crisp on the AKG.
Also, if you only need a patch for the single pedal, you can cut it right down the middle and have 2 patches for the price of one.
7488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
4399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased two sets of these and they work really well. They lock in securely and I feel comfortable that my guitars are safe from hitting the floor. They come with basic instructions and are very simple to install for the most part. Thicker straps make it a little more difficult to get the C-clip to go on but otherwise I have no other issues with the strap locks. Worth the money and effort when you consider how much you spend on instruments.

781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my limited home studio needs.  I've used many Hosa products and only a very few have failed.  And that was only after a few years of use.  Very affordable.
2388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+
4795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these since they first became available on all my guitars. The first thing I do when I get a new guitar is to take the old pegs off and put these on. A couple of things to know when you do add these:
147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a fairly long mic cable to reach from my drums to our PA board. This is perfect. The cable is high quality, the XLR fittings appear sturdy and I expect they will last a long time. The signal does not sound not degraded. I am pleased and would recommend this cable.
4085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So nice.  It came out of the box only slightly out of tune.  Tuned it, plugged it in and was very pleasantly surprised.  Sweet tones, and real depth.  Obviously, the 1969 Hofner stands alone, but, the Epiphone, new, is a fifth of the price.  I tried the new Hofner equivalent of this imitation of the original German Bass and the Epiphone is sturdier and much better sounding.  They are both heavier than the "real thing" which is hollow.  I sent back the Hofner copy and I am keeping the Epiphone.  It's a beautiful aesthetic addition to any music room as well.  Get a little mini Vox, plug in nice headphones and go nuts.  With the money you save, buy a Beatle Wig, a Nehru jacket, take some Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds, and play along.  A Time Trip.
Neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. I would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.
  I recommend this over the BOSS BD-2 (which is more aggressive sounding, and a bit too 'bright'/'tinny') and the BOSS SD-1 (which doesn't offer near as much bass, and is a much more noisy pedal). BOSS really reclaimed their integrity with the OD-3, and I highly recommend it. Give it a shot!
844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Sounds great. Very pleased.
978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable, does exactly what it's supposed to do.  Nice and long, so if you need it on stage or studio, you're not limited.
9705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's a reason why so many people choose to use Tortex picks. These picks are great and I couldn't play guitar without them. They are durable, great sounding, and awesome looking.
There are more expensive headphone models out on the market like the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/beyerdynamic-DT-880-Premium-Headphones/dp/B000F2BLTM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">beyerdynamic DT 880 Premium Headphones</a>, but those are so high end that I wouldn't personally gig with them, for studio or audiophile use I've heard they're great. I also bought a pair of<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-MDR-XD200-Stereo-Headphones/dp/B0007N55NW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony MDR-XD200 Stereo Headphones</a>&nbsp;I use just for most personal music listening as a backpack and they're good for the price.
I also had to wrap something around the patch plug to keep it from flopping around in the clip that holds it to the instrument.
9721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great guitar picks, textured so they are easy to grip, and they are neither too flexible nor too stiff for acoustic guitar playing.
Think of it this way: Do you cook everything with the burner on high? No, you dial it back to what you need for the job.
  This pickup is definitely adequate for recording, but a quality small condenser aimed at the 12th fret is really hard to beat... The overall bandwidth is impressive, with HUGE bass possible, especially in open D tuning, and clean, clear highs at the same time. The string balance is also very good.
I decided to treat myself to a Les Paul for my 58th birthday but, not having the financial resources to buy a $3,000.00 git, I shopped and shopped... Finally settling on this Cherry Burst LP-100.
3598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This guitar put a huge smile on my face when I opened it up. Not only because it looked great but it also had a wonderful sound and great sustain! If you are looking into getting a beginner guitar around this price range, I recommend this one!!! I picked it up for only $169 and it seems like it should be worth like double that!!! I am a beginner and always wanted to play but didn't want to spend a load of money till I can justify it. I tuned it and have been using it on xbox guitarsmith 2014. Awesome!!!!
5005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have never had any issues with these Capos.
How does this relate to this microphone you ask? It doesn't, except for the potential of micro gram weight reduction or higher SPL handling capabilities, and that's my point.


1595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly what I needed for the sound system in my man cave....!
2448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	one of my favorite dynamic mics of all time
9783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just right for my acoustic playing
9907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Playing bass with a pick for speed I used to only use the purple. But after randomly grabbin one of these im hooked. There is some slight give. I fing that keeps me from gettin hung up when playing fast passages. And the color isn't bad either.
Overall, it earns every one of the five stars I gave it - and buying on Amazon saves you a ton of coin over the big box competitors!
3615	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for jamming on live or around the house

The book was unexpectedly high quality. (Haven't watched the video yet)
1513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No pop, no snap, sounds great! Great for the price too, I'm very happy with this purchase. I've looked at many sites extensively to find a good priced cable to use for any reason. Great buy!
Built quality is outstanding except the bottom base plate which is outrageously thin. But that shouldnt be an issue since your pedal is going to be on the floor/pedal board anyway.

6466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Estos agarres son muy practicos, y utiles.  Los uso tanto para mis luces como para mi maquina de humo, y lo mejor, es que, a diferencia de los agarres convencionales de tornillo, no rayan los tubos del armazon donde los cuelgo.
8041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Item
9856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar and a steal for $100. Do buy new strings and get LIGHT not medium if you are a newbie. Light strings make it easier to play and especially to make chords. However, since they are lite they can break if you play too hard. My preference is D'Addario 3 pack.
I could say that feels softer on my hand and that it sounded better on my guitar. Of course this is because I prefer finger play as compare to strumming.  To those who have not seen a silk and steel string. It basically looks similar to the steel string package with the string 6, 5, 4 and 3 have silk strands in between the steel string and the bronze cover.  String 2 and 1 is regular steel string.
7383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best acoustic money can buy in my opinion. They play extremely well and last a Long time. There's nothing better than these strings.
I got one to use on a tenor ukulele after I developed some aches in the knuckle on my index finger from playing barre chords up the neck. Now I can just slap the capo on at some useful fret, play the simpler chord shapes, and save my knuckle some pain. It's exactly what I was hoping for.

575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just needed an in and out midi cable for my m-audio axiom and m-audio m-track plus and these work well.  What can i say, they're just good cables and good length at 10ft.
954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed these.
Recommended!
1357	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this!  Works great!  It is just the right length.  Definitely recommend, would order another if need one.  Thank you

2985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great quality screws.
1820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good for the price!  No issues
46	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Did not fit on guitar as well as seen on tv. Still trying to figure it out. A little harder than it seems. Or it was just me.
4048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been playing guitar since I was 6 years old (over 3 decades) and I must say this was a very pleasant surprise.  I haven't had an electric in years, and didn't have the budget to get a Gibson, so picked up this Epi Les Paul 100 instead, along with a Fender Mustang I Amp.  Great combination.  This guitar has a very sloid feel, and came set-up perfectly right out of the box.  All it needed was tuning.  Unlike others, I didn't feel that the strings I got needed to be changed right away, but probably within the first two weeks you will want to change them.  Replaced mine with Ernie Ball "Not Even Slinky's" and couldn't be happier with the way this thing plays and sounds.  Great sustain, beautiful harmonics, the clean tones are warm, can get nice blues tones out of it, and superb thrash metal too.  Very versatile.  It does not quiet do country or jazz, but it wasn't really meant to.
Great mic at great price. It comes with a cloth/coated extension cord that can be moved noisely.  Obvious, you want to use that extension anytime the device you are plugging it into creates it's own mechanical noises (like a Mini Disc recorder).
There's no buzzing with these and they last forever.
8987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're yellow tortex picks, same as always. Rigid enough for lead lines, pliant enough for strumming. I think I like the green type better, but this is very usable.
1861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	2 short cables. not quiet as long as what the ad says, but nothing to take off a star. plenty long for connecting multiple pedals next to each other. all plastic but seems to be fairly heavy duty.

596	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems using this cable to control my Korg Volcas with a midi keyboard or midi drum pads.  Perfectly pleased.  Would recommend.

8536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These drum heads are the best, they pitch out a perfect sound and are ready to play. Tuning these drum heads will not be a problem, they are best for studio use, live, church, and practicing.. I highly recommend the G2 drum head for you, your gonna love it, I guarantee it. Oh and also for you drummers out there, who are using the Evans E-Ring, you will not be needing it anymore with this drum head.
361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cable. Works well. Sturdy.
The product is well made - very neat and clean.  It probably doesn`t cost the manufacturer very much to produce, but there aren`t a lot of options out there.  I also bought the Subdude (reviewed separately).  Money well spent.

We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
1435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Another quality Hosa product!  I use this cable to plug in my AudioMX headphones into my amp while playing guitar.
If this was helpful please hit the helpful button above, I would really appreciate it :)
3731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Come on, is a Crybaby... 
To guarantee break-proof operation, Shure offers no switches of any kind on its wired mic line. So you should choose the pattern or circuitry you want by the model.
5122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just bought a new Fender electric/acoustic.  My old Alvarez had a switch on the preamp which prevented the "pop" when removing the cord.  Fender does not have this as don't most acoustic/electric guitars.  Why not?  If there is no switch, you must remove the cord to prevent the preamp from draining it's battery. The switch one this cord works great.  No more popping.
6630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed this product in my sound system, and used it for the first time on 12/01/15.  The event was a contra dance, with a live band.  Both during and after the dance, I received several compliments about the clean/crisp sound.  I am convinced that this product did improve the sound, and I am very pleased!
8729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these for picking on bass and feel like they hit the sweet spot between not sounding too twangy but not so thick that it's annoying to play!
8997	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For years, I've stood by the Evans G2 heads!
8480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the Big Stubby line of picks for probably fifteen years as an option for a truly thick and easy to grip pick.  These picks are by no means for everyone, as they provide a level of thickness that really goes beyond any worry of the pick flexing.  These are very usable for guitar and bass and their thickness provides fantastic durability.  Between the 1.0mm, 2.0mm, and 3.0mm options, you can probably find something you'll like, provided you enjoy the unique indentation grip--and the general feeling of ridiculousness that goes with using such a thick pick.
I'm not a plastic scientist but I do play a little so all I know is how it feels and sounds and it's the best all round pick I've found so far. Usually purchased locally but they cost 5x the price cause it's the only place in town and around for 50 miles. Thank you Amazon.com!
5477	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it !!! Super vivid in color and looks great !
seems sturdy enough. I bought this especially for my Les Paul  Epipiphone .  the hard case is just to heavy to lug  from car to stage or school.
9954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks.  They don't look especially pretty, but the brushed surface makes them easier to hold onto, especially if your skin is dry like mine (after 64 years yours might be too) or if you're sweating in the hot lights.
4439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these light gauge strings on my 00-18 and on a small bodied Ibanez.  Makes them sing and ring like bells.
your playing in the higher registers. No, I'm not really complaining because now I can play
7626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great but a bit light
I dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on. Only to discover its a fake. It dishonest and uses the reputation that took the Keyser Co. time to build. Just aint right. I'll buy mine at the guitar store now.
5189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i have purchased 5 of these strap locks. i would recommend them to all. they work good. very solid hold. thanks
666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for the PA.
5603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What do you say about a capo?  It gets the job done and it does it well lol!  I've always loved Kyser Capos and if I ever need more in the future I imagine that Kyser will be the way I go.
Like all Boss stuff, the box is sturdy and I like their big, quiet footswitches over any of the little, clicky ones on other units. The color is a sort of a dull military dark green, not the most attractive thing but not bad either.


However, having used these picks I am completely swayed.
The negatives (in relation to my other set up)
1515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised.

UPDATE:
1135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My first time buying this brand, but won't be the last. I play in a working band and I am very happy with the quality of these cables.
4051	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used other pop filters, some worse some better, this one is right in the middle. I mostly use it for audiobooks and other VO but I also use it for singing when the spit really starts to fly and it works well enough. I use it with a Blue Yeti and first but know I've upgraded to the spark and still use it.
2988	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There are other rack screws out there, but Raxxess makes the best quality screws and soft washers available.
514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	HOSA Cables are as much a part of my music as the sounds themselves. I've used these cables for years and they've always performed 100%. This particular cable is your basic MIDI to MIDI cable which I use to connect my synth to my audio interface and it works like a charm!
531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable and works flawless on a number of keyboards.

in, so no stars off for that. GHS is a good company and stand by their product. The Boomers come
8168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
6566	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Reliable and small.  Requires two hands to put on, so I use a spring loaded on for on stage, but great to keep above the nut of my road acoustic.
3364	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best I have ever used and I have tried them all.
7187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very powerful
5341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A friend showed up at our monthly guitar club meeting with this and I loved having an on/off switch right at my fingertips. Genius!

These screws are good quality!
4372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great product
7112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful instrument it has made our music life easier
1512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my hobby and is heavy duty & built good.
7266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Product arrived quickly.  It appears to be of top quality materials and machining.  It seems a bit small compared to other slides I have seen. (only reason I gave it 4 stars)  If you have large hands, I would recommend you shop for another Dunlop that is longer.  The sculptured grip is very comfortable and easy to grip so it won't get away from you.
Amazon's  seller - Jax Music Supply immediately contacted me when I let them know and offered to exchange the picks. So, I really am pleased with the entire process - as well as the picks. You can order a 6 pack instead of 72 like I did and try them out. Sort of like tortoise as I remember the ones I had decades ago. Plus, good tactile surface.
Strap will cut your head off after a few hours.  Its rough, its slim, its short, and its sharp.  You will die if you use it more than an hour.
This is a practice amp, of course, you can't use it in a live setting obviously.
4269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it
1071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's an essential item if you have an electric. It's not very long, but I didn't need a long cable. I don't notice any static or crackling while I'm moving around and playing. Transmits the sound exactly as expected, all at a great price!
- Use of 9V battery (as opposed to AAA's or something stupid like that. Who would do such a thing? Boss AB-2)
7046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Some history on this device: The Alesis SR-16 has been in production since 1991 and has gone through only slight revisions to the hardware since its original release. The 16-bit drum samples are still the same today as they were on this unit over 15 years ago. It is regarded as a break-through piece of studio gear and regarded by many studio engineers as the first rhythm machine capable of producing a convincing enough drum track capable of replacing a real drummer in studio recordings for rock applications. (Prior to the SR-16, rhythm machines were commonly used in pop music in the 80's, but it was always clear to trained ears that a rhythm machine was used, the SR-16 successfully blurred the line and made it possible to use rhythm machines in genres that generally frowned upon electronic drums such as: rock, country and blues) You'll hear the SR-16 on many professional tracks by top name recording artist from the early to mid-90's.
Great Price here

4936	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This pedal works ok for practicing. If you have an amp with no distortion whats so ever, I guess this will get the job done. But I STRONGLY advise against recording using this pedal. Have tried to run it to an amp and mic it. Have also tried running it straight in to a recording device, and the result is always the same: a god-awful, horrible-sounding muddy tone that cannot be helped with all the EQ in the world. It is not good for metal, or any other genre for that matter. I realize it is probably not meant to record with, but i feel that anybody who is searching for a good studio guitar tone should certainly look elsewhere. If you have a combo amp, the distortion on it is probably way better than you will get with this pedal. BOSS makes some great products, but this is definitely not one of them.
If you're going to spend mid-range $$$ on a fine practice / performance guitar, you can't go wrong with this one, kids - Two Thumbs Up !
825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	totally worth buying to get free shipping nice product
4362	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice strings for a Martin ukulele.  Especially wonderful for mahogany ukes.  I also use Fremont Blackline strings on my mahogany instruments.
964	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Value,
8857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love these strings.  I bought a set awhile back for my Ovation, but never used them.  Then I came into possession of an old Yamaha acoustic guitar which was pretty beat up and needed new strings.  I put these suckers on there and wow was I impressed.  Even that old beater guitar sounded great and played easily with these strings.  So... I bought another set for the Ovation this time!
9168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gator Bags never disappoint!!
Weight:
3980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Okay sticks
2881	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product comes as described. Would buy again if required.

7381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	With a nice clean, crisp sound, inexpensive price, and durable history, I've made these strings apart of my acoustic set. I've got at least 6 spares at home right now. XD
5569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always putzed around with guitars from when I was young. Got married , had kids so I never had the time to really get into it. Now all 4 kids are grown and I have the time so I've been pretty serious about playing. Always wanted a Gibson SG but could never really come up with the money. Figured I'd "settle" and buy this guitar because its as nice looking as a Gibson. Boy was I wrong. Straight out of the box the only thing I had to do was tune it. Stretched and retuned the strings a second time and played with this thing for about 6 hours over the last two days. Holds its tune very well. This make me sound like a champ. Playing chords on this guitar was effortless. I like the fact that the neck is wider at the top. I have fat fingers and always had a problem hitting my A chord. Did it with two fingers instead of three. On this guitar I can actually jam three fingers in those two frets and hit that A. My only gripe with this guitar is that there is only one peg for the strap. On the Gibson the second peg is where the neck meets the body on the back. This has the plate because its a bolt on neck. Not a deal breaker. I'll come up with something.
that comes in a GCEA tuning, I can then be able to play that music written for GCEA tunings.
1660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it's decent length, cuts out the need for those pesky little adapters that always short out over time. This cable allows me to run my amp/processor/guitar straight to my laptop for recording. The quality is good, does not really add any unwanted noise. For the price, definitely worth it. If you are someone who is broke and attempts home recordings or somebody who like to play music over your amp system, this is the perfect cord.
7919	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a well made Guitar bag/case hybrid.  I like that it is smaller and lighter than most hard cases, but more protective than a typical gig bag.  Interior size seems large enough for most electric guitars (I'm using it with a Reverend Jetstream).
8952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best Picks for shred guitar glossy finish creates no friction, can literally double your speed. They are heavy so you get zero play in the picks action
9694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star! Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star!
5597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	888
7303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a real drum set at home and all the VSTs I could ever use on my computer, but I often play live and sometimes I don't have a real drummer available. I need flexibility live, so canned backing drums won't cut it. This unit does what I need at a reasonable price.  I'd never record with it and usually don't even arrange full songs with it, but the ability to do A/B patterns, fills, and stop/start with foot switches allows me to extend or cut songs on the fly.
4974	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm - so I have far nothing negative to report.
2727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it works great
would buy again, really helps.
9824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product was expecting I am very satisfied with the purchase.
4128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just made life a little easier.

5379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love this cable. It is perfect for making guitar changes without noise. The cable itself does not seem quite as good quality as my other Planet Waves cables but it is still better than most others. The switch is easy to use.
6891	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Haven't had to change yet.  Martin makes good acoustic strings.  I expect they'll be great.

9019	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item accurately described, arrived quickly.  I would recommend this to family and friends.
2791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The starter kit is not bad (though i recommend getting your own picks & strap) the picks chipped up pretty quickly & the strap falls off after awhile. The amp sucks but its a starter kit so no suprise there i say after you play for awhile and progress look into a better amp (I recommend a Fender Mustang 1 check out my review on it!)Anyhow, this is my second guitar & its not that bad but not that great i purchased the fender mustang the same day i received this guitar kit & tossed the amp in the closet. The guitar sounds better on a good amp but the problem w/ this guitar is the tuning pegs they tighten if you switch to heavy gauge strings (SO DON'T SWITCH TO HEAVY GAUGE OR YOU WILL SUFFER!) stick with light or medium gauge strings. If you want to make the guitar better as you get better just change the amp, pick-ups, & tuning pegs and you'll have an decent guitar. oh yeah i forgot to mention the cord messes up quickly so get a new cord ASAP Overall its an ok starter kit for people who NEVER touched a guitar.
3605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these picks are my favorite picks... and they are cheap.. you cant get a deal like this very often.. ive already bought 2 sets thinking about buying a few more...
7176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	nice
I have to tell you that in those 40 years, I have used NO OTHER strings on the guitar other than the Martin Silk and Steel.  There was a period when I left the guitar alone and it got to a point where I could not tune it at all.  I had another new guitar and put the same strings on it.  Same great experience.  Different sound, of course.  I understood that because the newer guitar was made with different woods.  And it wasn't 40 years old (guitars are like a fine wine ... better as they age).
5369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A nice concept that actually works, The cable is very nice, too with an adequate gauge. Try it out for yourself!
8106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Grips very well and bridges perfectly.
9200	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Only picks I use ....

5630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent strong grip capo. My other capo wouldn't hold all strings on my 12 string so this worked great.
The style is amazing though...Also the Vocoder is not the best thing in the world, but fun for a first.
9301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it
9314	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good, but a little thicker than i really need. Great for picking control, but too heavy for the way i strum.
I am not an active musician, so have not put any of them through
7483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the Java reeds since they first came on the market. They've never let me down in their quality and more importantly in their consistency. They always perform well and there is never a bad one in the box. Try 'em, you won,t be disappointed
i'd say close to a medium thickness pick.
3 K10s along with an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Allen-Heath-ZED-10FX-Four-Mono-Mic-Lines-with-2-Active-D-I-3-Stereo-Line-Inputs-and-Onboard-Effects/dp/B003T77ZJU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Allen & Heath ZED-10FX Four Mono Mic/Lines with 2 Active D.I., 3 Stereo Line Inputs and Onboard Effects</a>&nbsp;mixer make up my whole system, using two as mains and one as a monitor. My previous system was a powered Mackie box and passive 12" speakers by Community and Yamaha.
8128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the silk and steel strings. Warm and mellow sound with awesome playability. I use them on most of my 14 acoustics.
cons:
5755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I bought this. If you have a Les Paul and need a good case, this is it.
"Condenser" microphones, on the other hand, DO REQUIRE phantom power and usually cost more than dynamic microphones, because they have internal electronics that require a power source, i.e. Phantom Power.
Sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out.
Pros :

8549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good as always
1609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made cable.
9883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It fits very snug and slides off easily. It secures the strings down extremely well so you don't get any buzzing or unwanted tones.
6442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have probably bought more than 20 replacement pickups in my life. I have replaced OEM BC Rich pickups with Duncans with great results, used DiMarzios in a couple of project guitars, and several other Steinberger (Spirit) projects where I have tried both brands.
3398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This unit keeps my son's classic Back Stradivarius well protected at school. We keep the original case aside to maintain the value of the total classic package but this case is just super practical. I'm sure it's been accidentally kicked, etc. in class and the case is performing great.

Also, not mentioned in the description, but this does come with a 12 foot cord, but it's not the best quality.  Would recommend picking up a new one when you order.
4071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this capo all the time on both instruments. A friend of mine saw it and asked me to order them one also. I did and they love it!
3366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these a while back along with my Promark TX5AN Nylon Tip Sticks, this grip tape is absolutely fantastic, nice grip, feel, and allows you to be dynamic around you kit. Highly recommend this for any drummer

7324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own a few Boss pedals and needed a chorus pedal. This pedal is a typical solidly built boss pedal. The chorus sound is deep, rich and very adjustable. I'm using it to thicken up some of my guitar parts.
Highly recommended! There is good reason that the Alesis Monitor One MKII have stayed at around $200 a pair for the last three years. You will not be disappointed with these fine reference monitors.
4770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed;
8833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i was using some celluloid picks (or something like that) that my buddy gave me for my mando and it was no bueno, but i picked these up now it is like 1000 times easier to play and sounds better too
3316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived as described. I can tell a big difference between some cheaper mics I have used and this one. Makes a big difference in clarity.
7223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had bought a tone bar that looked something like this at Guitar Center. No brand name on it. I found it uncomfortable to use, so I did some research and decided on the Lap Dawg after seeing so many good reviews all over the internet. I noticed the nice deep ridge on the top as soon as I took it out of the tube. That makes it so much more steady. The weight is perfect. I am just a beginner as a squareneck resonator player. But I noticed an huge improvement as soon as I began playing with this one. The Jim Dunlop 926 Lap Dawg is just perfect.
2600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a gigging musician and over the past 5 or 6 six years I have been trying lots of gear to run direct to the PA.  I am just tired of lugging the tube amps.  This amp is analog not digital.  I like that. I have gigged it mic'd up with a SM57.  It was great.  It is taking the place of my direct setup. This is supposed to be a practice amp but I use it as a pro gigging amp.  No issues.  My present setup is minimal: Strats or p90 guitars to Boss tuner->TC Helicon voice harmonizer->Cry Baby->Xotic SP Comp->Voodoo Labs Micro-vibe->Mad Professor-> Simble Overdrive->Xotic EP Booster->Boss DD6 Delay->Hotone little delay pedal (forgot name)->Vox Pathfinder.  It loves all of the time based pedals.  You really have to work and tweak the overdrive pedals to get it to work for you. I'm not a distortion guy. SRV, CCR, Hendrix, Trower, KWS covers etc. Beats lugging the real Fender amps and only I notice the difference in sound.  It sounds good enough for the small 100 people venues. I will be buying a second one soon to run stereo chorus and delay.
Don't know why I waited so long to get one..
3347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works well, does it job. I use it on a mirror ball. It is pro lighting You'll like it. yea.
816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

9355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sticks very well and protects the kick drum head
7216	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They sound nice and have a good tension. However, they don't last that long but I didn't expect them to anyway.
SOUNDS & VERSATILITY - The XL+ is a very preset-based machine, which is both good and bad.  There are two schools of thought when it comes to beginners and synths.  The first school says that every important function should get its own knob, and that you should just have a wall of choices in front of you as you learn the basics of synthesis and tweak them on a dashboard.  The second school of thought (and one that I am coming around to) is that "more is not always better" and that by having too many variables, you can actually frustrate and overwhelm people who just want to grab a device and make music.  The XL+ has MASSIVE power, but much of it is baked into the presets that you swap in and out and create using the computer editor.  On the PC editor, you can do things like access Korg's library of programs based on VA subtractive synthesis or PCM samples.  I'm totally blown away by how varied the sounds are in the XL+.  Combined with 8-note polyphony, it's capable deep sub basses, haunting pads, chiptune leads, and warm vintage analog poly chords.
Other factors that led me to give five stars include a protective case that comes with mic holders, attention to small details like the anti-dent ring on the windscreen, and low handling noise. In other words, they are inexpensive, but not cheap.
392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent quality and service


2669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the industry standard microphone for a dynamic microphone.  Very tough and it can stand daily use for a year now and it still looks like new.  Worth the extra money over similar microphones on Amazon.  This is the real deal you see on stage at concerts.
9892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used one of these capos, a black one, for a long time. Wanting to have an extra one to pack in my jam-going bag, I chose this color -- and it's great, much nicer than it looks in the photo. I've put a beautiful Souldier strap (Braveheart) on my Collings, and it's a pleasure to have a capo that complements my guitar and the strap.
8039	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Too easily bendable, but its works okay
5034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my son, and he seems to love it. We're playing more songs requiring a capo, so we'll see how it holds up. But I bought based on other reviews, and so far, so good. It took a little time to get used to the application and removal (backwards from about every capo I've seen up until now), but it was almost no time before he was working it like he was born with one. Definitely recommend.
750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	No complaints. Quality and construction are decent and it does its job. I am using it to plug an XLR microphone into a Canon DSLR (60D) for video recording. Huge improvement in audio quality.
7245	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ALL REEDS WORKED
9400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a present for my daughter to learn guitar on. She absolutely loves it. Everyone that has played on it over the past few weeks loves it. You can't beat this for the price!!!
9924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these thin gator grip picks for plugged-in acoustic guitar. They give a nice, bright sound for playing rhythm through a PA or amplifier, which keeps the guitar from getting "stuck in the mud" sonically.
3072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I heard that the 57 is the "swiss army" of the mics, and now I can say that's true. I sing in a rock band that plays very loud, and I decided to purchase a supercadioid. Between all the options, the Beta 57A appeared as the best choice for me. Sounds great, it has a lot of gain before feedback, and a very bright sound, all in a very solid structure. After a rehearsal or a live show, I think I had a great choice.
7914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For years my preference for guitar strings have been medium gauge strings mainly because they seem to keep a good tone for a longer period of time.
8397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I know a lot of guitarists aren't near as picky about picks as I am.  So why should you be?  After all, there is no pick that will make you play better and they are all generally the same.
to play for me, a beginner. This also means I sound the best with this reed.

No hums. Good item. Enuff said.
8476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great picks.  I still have a few from 1996, and I can tell these are slightly different.  These new ones have shiny glossy textile on the picks whereas the older ones I have are grippier.  Maybe that's what aging does?  At any rate, these work great just like the old ones and I hope to keep these around for 20 years.
6647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sticks, they do not chip as much as hickory wood but somehow I find myself going back to Vicfirth 5A they are just a little lighter.
Epiphone LP Studio deluxe plustop

D'Addario Prelude Violin String sounds better.
- Decently true (i.e. flat frequency response) for mid and high range.
2015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great set up.
6951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser is without a doubt the best capo made.

2730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good price. Feels a little delicate in the ends but if you treat it carefully it would do the job.
258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use two of these to trigger my Alesis SR16 for live performance.  Works great!  Very solid/durable/etc.
8569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the title says it all. it may take a while getting use to these smaller picks but in the long run you will e happy that you tried these picks. also since these picks are smaller, i found it was easy to do pinch harmonics on these compared to bigger picks, so if you are having a hard time with pinch harmonics try these out.
7509	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for low volume playing/practicing or gigs where volume control needs to be low, like an acoustic set.
7414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Conventional wisdom is that Vandoren's Java reeds are strictly for jazz playing; however, that's not really the case.  I play a Yamaha YAS-62 and use old, refaced 1950s and 1960s, big round-chamber King and Conn mouthpieces.  And that's for jazz and classical playing.  On that type of mouthpiece, I find the more conventional Vandoren reeds to be too bright sounding, and actually greatly prefer the Javas for classical playing.  There's a roundness and depth and lack of sizzle that, in my experience, is far more flexible than what is possible with Vandoren's other styles of saxophone reeds.

>>> (This post was intended for the 1 foot cable) It works as it should! I don't have any problems with this item it's just shorter than I needed so I ordered (2) 2 feet cables as well. But it works well!<<<
6105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Guitarists have become a bunch of cork-sniffers. There are so many players more concerned with the name on the headstock of their guitar and their amp and the endless "boutique" pedals in their collections that many seem unable or unwilling to give a listen to "stock" gear, or anything that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.
499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The metal connectors have a quality look. They are also pretty flexible. Now that I see how nice these are I won't bother with anything cheaper. Get them, you'll be happy.
8976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these are great folk'n strings. i haven't put them on yet but they are soo shiny and silvery and soft.

623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for my handycam.
5579	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case fits my Iommi sig Epiphone SG perfectly.  It's nicely made and supports the guitar as it should.
3130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A big improvement with the jaws at the top.  But there's an issue if you use this stand for gigs.  If you collapse it for transport, the jaws at the top spin around (expected) but there's no locking mechanism to keep them on that side.  So there's the opportunity to get your fingers pinched (which of course is not good before playing a gig).  A simple clip would have improved the travel usability tremendously.  I have a heavy duty rubber band on the top, but its a bit cheesy looking.
1876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	... for connecting effects boxes in series.  Inexpensive and work as they should.  Long enough to allow clearance between boxes, but, not too long where you have to enter another zip code to reach another switch.
9728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is my 2nd purchase of these picks and I still enjoy the weight and size.
  Great tones! Easy operation! And it is the best bet for the money!
8990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 of these for both my guitarsx and have given them as gifts too works well.
1492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there. I've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so. I use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet.
I went back to my John Pearse 200L 80/20's. No matter how many different strings I try I come to the same conclusion; The Pearse 200L's are the best strings in the world.
1300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable so far
Its pros more than outweigh the cons, this is a pedal EVERY guitarist should own.
557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works and that is why I purchased it
4470	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	A little weak right out of the package  thought I'd give them a try easier on the fingers but back to normal strings
7052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks, they give me great tone with my acoustics and the sound of the pick impacting the strings is right.  I tried many picks and settled on these, hence why I bought the 72 pack... obviously try them first and you decide, tone is in the ears and hands.
7973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought as gift. As expected and arrived on time.
I attached it to the  5th fret on my uke and started playing some chords. I was a bit stunned to hear
2547	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this the same day I ordered a guitar from Guitar Center, If you see "Email for availability" on a web page you are ordering from that means its back ordered. After 20 days of waiting they sent an email stating it was going to be another 30 days. I shopped real stores and bought a beautiful Stratocaster.  BUT by that time my 30 day warranty was up and the M-Audio bearly functions. The head phone jack has to be pulled out in just this special place to work; the USB connection  crackles and cuts out completely sometimes.  My musician friends are back in town and say Line 6 is better.  No matter I'm very happy to be playing again.  The delay gave me time to realize I needed good instrument that is a joy to play and I got this sweet Fender instead of the 150 buck bargain. Oh! the M-Audio was a refurbish...NO bargain
8841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like thin picks myself, and this one is VERY thin. You won'tuse it all the time, but every now and then it can be used in the right situation. If you are a player who is somewhat meat-fisted when it comes to playing and needs to take the edge off, it is ideal. Also, if you are doing very soft strumming on an acoustic guitar, it is awesome. No power chords with this little guy, but it is a good tool to have in the tool box when you need it. The non-slippery texture and it's grippy textured surface of Dunlops is what I love about them the most, it makes them easier to hold on to. I give them a thumbs up!
If you're an established player looking for a really nice practice guitar, I'd buy this one is a heartbeat.  I was shocked at how sweet it sounds, how good it looks, how comfortable and light it is and how well it plays.  Sure it was way out of tune and required a few height adjustments but now it is FANTASTIC.
2698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of all the Shure microphones.  This mic is great for a low cost, general purpose vocal mic, or as I'm using it, for backup vocalists who are likely to be near sources of feedback and instruments which shouldn't be in the vocalists channel.
I haven't owned a DS-1 in a long time, but recently got one because I was looking for a distortion pedal on a budget.  Frankly, I'd forgotten how musical this pedal is.  With the distortion set to minimum (it never gets clean) it's a good, moderate-gain overdrive that still lets your guitar's basic tone get through.  I play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing.  With the gain at halfway you get great AD/DC crunch.  And even with the gain maxed out you still get excellent note definition on chords.  What more could you want?  Sure, it's "old school" rock distortion. The usual "may not appeal to metalheads" caveat applies, maybe. Combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want.
Hands-down I like the Dunlop ones more. They installed in just a few minutes and the guitar feels very secure. No problems whatsoever. I just ordered my third set a few minutes ago.

8442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks, keep in mind they are pretty small. The Jazz III logo on the pick adds a good grip to them so they don't fly out of your hands. Since these picks are small, it allows me to pick faster which helps in almost every song. If you want a larger one, get the XL version. I love these picks.

1138	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just as described - so far - really great purchase!
8582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	my favorite guitar picks
3718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This thing does just what it was supposed to, i use it on my practice bass since i use any type of picks on that, and it does just what it is supposed to
I use an LP on the platter when I balance, and the gauge is gentle.  Build quality i give 4 stars because of plastic parts.
4208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just ordered for beginner clarinet and the sound has improved dramatically. Recommend for any beginnernplayers and also recommend coupling with Rovner ligature.
9046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Look no further.
8722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Extremely useful. John Mayer uses these, and tons of other musicians that need to have pics ready to go. I tend to lose my pics very frequently, and I've gotten in the rhythm of picking one of these off the stand without interrupting the song and without most people even noticing. I use two of these on each mic stand, that will carry me through a few hour long show. I would definitely recommend this product.
6813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks, these are the best.
4186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
5533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
7239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Again a fine product. Great tone and last a long time. Use them for studio work.
527	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great cables; these are very sturdy, high quality MIDI cables. can't beat them for the price. i've only had them a couple of weeks so I cant speak to their durability but, i suspect they'll last unless I use them as ropes or something.
2168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The workhorse of the turntablist industry! Also, great for ripping (recording) your vinyl collection. I wouldn't buy anything else. Furthermore, Amazon.com has the cheapest price...trust me! =)
4937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great pedal I picked up used, they can be had cheaply on the used market. I actually use it with both an acoustic electric guitar to get a little distortion and the bass guitar for some grit. The 2 EQ pots on the front panel make it very versatile, enough to use with a cigar box guitar also.
5991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't let anyone tell you anything bad about this pedal. I've owned many, played many, etc and this is probably my favorite distortion pedal. I've heard several complaints saying that it lacks diversity (from a bunch of snobs who only get pedals with 50 knobs), but I say thats a bunch of bologna. I can use this and turn up the tone to play a tone filled, dirty Mtley Cre song, and on the other side, I can turn it down and get a deep rumble and play some Black Sabbath and anywhere in between. If you're looking for a classic, mean distortion pedal, this is it. You cannot beat it for the price. Yeah, you might find something with a bit better diversity for $200, but why would you do that when pay $50 and get something with a sound just as good? For beginners, BOSS is cheap, and awesome. Regardless of the model. So get one.



7283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Green Java reeds are my altimeter favorite jazz reeds for over 20 years . They last long and have a nice big tone.
Fits over my SL-88 Grand perfectly. 49.25"x12"x4"
6984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like these picks, I use the  .60 standard and they are quite versatile, with a nice crisp tone.
6799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks!!!!! I absolutely love these picks. They have the feel of an old school pick but have better grip. The tone you get off these picks are excellent for strumming, harmonics, sweeps, etc.... It took me a couple of tries to get the size right and ended up going with the .73mm as a personal taste. Considering these are about 5-6 bucks + tax at guitar center for a 10 pack, this comes out to be an incredible deal (Saved around $10) and now I have enough picks to last me at least until the end of the year (or next time I search under all crevices in my house).
One interesting aspect of this "stick" is you can do press rolls in the same manner that was pioneered in the 1920s by such legends as Baby Dodds and perfected by Gene Krupa.  On the other hand, you will not get the subtle brushwork of, say, Jeff Hamilton, who can be heard on Diana Krall's Live in Paris album (ASIN: B00006J9OT), or the amazing work of Ed Thigpen, but you will have a set of specialty sticks that will expand your range and versatility for your gigs. As a side note, for real brushwork technique get a copy of "Ed Thigpen: The Essence Of Brushes" ASIN  B0002VEPN0.
1151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are just great
3873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wheeew, I could write so much here.  This is the No-Nonsense Wah Pedal.  My first one lasted 25 years of steady use.  It died on me, and in a weak moment, I purchased a Behringer Wah pedal.  Wrong.  I can't describe my disappointment with the Behringer.  I immediately ordered another Cry Baby from Amazon, and doggone it, I think it's even better than the first one I had.  If you're looking for a Wah pedal, go ahead and spend the few extra bucks for the crybaby.  You'll be glad you did.
5207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These cables are fantastic. They're all I use now - I have 4 of them. Very durable - none of them have had any issues regardless of use or abuse. I can't imagine not having the circuit breaker switch on my cables anymore.

6521	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Feels awesome to play with.
685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly as it describes. Can't beat the price either compared to other online music instrument distributors out there. Have no complaints about this product and will definitely buy again when I need some.
2399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply stated, this is a very high quality microphone.  It has a very rugged build.  The sound pickup on this mic is so good that it can be used for many tasks.  My very best advice is to just purchase this mic (OR the Shure SM58 non-switched) and do not waste your hard earned money on cheaper dynamic or condenser mics just to save a few bucks.  The sensitivity of this mic is just incredible as the tech specs clearly point out.  The cross platform uses for this particular mic are quite extensive to say the very least.

I am highly satisfied with my purchase and will definitely buy from this brand again, should I need to.
8362	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gives me the flexibility to do Havens-esque strumming.  I have been using these for as long as I can remember.  I have been playing a very long time and I cannot imagine how other players play with those heavy thick picks.  These are ideal for snappy rhythm work and gritty, edgy lead work.  They are a God-send.
6759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	"Capo" is Latin for "head" - it's mighty handy to change your guitar's "head!"  This little clip-on wonder is the world standard, and the price is right.  Thanks, Kyser.
2737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works well
5448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Another stick to add to my arsenal, a >very< fun stick to play with.
3888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Instant sound, resonant, warm, easy to play on, requires minimum air pressure, worth the money, one of the better Vandorens on the market!
4447	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used this style of Dunlop straps for years and I love them. The first set I ever bought was about 8 years ago, and they are still in perfect condition! Definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a solid straplock.
8301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every player should have one.
I could do a nice vibrato across 4 strings with a single finger with these strings, ala steel guitar/slide guitar using my naked index finger without grinding the skin off, I haven't found another set of string that is this accomodating as yet.
2802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I play guitar and bought this kit just to have a bass and I am very happy. No it is not the quality of a P-Bass or other more pro bass but it is great for learning or just playing with. I owned this same bass and sold it a few years back and for its price range it is the best bass I have ever played, so I got another one.
If you want a pickup that has a nice warm dimebag sound, with great sustain, without pure chunk, then this is the pickup for you. I mean, think about this, can you imagine dimebags warm tone on his guitar, as if he played some Fear Factory songs on it? It would sound nothing like Fear Factory. It sounds just as warm and smooth as all the albums he has put out in the past. Now if you want pure chunk, as today's heavy metal standards, then go with something else like the active 81/85 set or the destroyer or something. You simply can't take something that's meant to sound one way, and make it sound another. This pickup is exactly the same that Dime used, hence it serves the exact purpose it was made to serve. Yah can't take Zakk Wylde's custom pickups and say they suck because they don't sound like Dimebags.
4604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
285	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.
23	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have never played a string instrument... and it looks like I'll be able to get the hang of this very quickly. Only problem is the strings. Sting one ... play's "dead" meaning it will not stay in-tune. Not sure if the knot is slipping or it is the string type that is the problem. Have another set of strings [better quality] and will try that set soon.

4886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they work great, no more dropped guitars. easy to install. 10 mins or less.
9670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings...
Otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.

550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It worked perfectly for my church, in order to eliminate hum/white noise in the audio from the cable that connects the mixer output to camcoder's audio input, while using it in conjunction with a DI box.  The XLR is connected to the DI Box's output while the 3.5mm is connected to the camcorder.  The mono audio is connected to both left and right channel, so I don't need to do any post-editing.  I also wanted to get the right-angle (L-shaped) plug to reduce stress on the audio port.
It's a good, high quality microphone at a fairly low price, and I can recommend it.
UPDATE: they made taking out the drum/percussion/ or BASS sound out of a pattern VERY EASY. you play one of the pre programmed beats, and hit MUTE, then the thing you want cut out, in this case the BASS, since some of the beats sounded really good, I wanted to take the bass out to just start jamming over drum sounds. so they made it easier than I thought. the manual is very much worth reading and the more you can learn about this thing, the more you can do with it. you could treat it like an sr 16 with better sound, and that's fine, but they have added plenty of cool stuff like the effects and other things, that make it worth learning how to use to its fullest
103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	so long, i like it
4078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Premark makes a great product.  These sticks are solid; light weight and made of quality wood.  I have owned other brands; but premark seems to be the only one that holds up the best.  The tips rarely break; and the 7A is my favorite size stick.
502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
9643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this item to protect a new kick head I purchased.  The old drum head was starting to wrinkle from batter fatigue.
774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing solution for my rackmounted guitar effects.  Someone suggested that I get a 1/4" snake to connect everything in my guitar effects rack to keep things organized and neat.  This does the trick.  Seems very sturdy/ durable.  Price was not excessive.
2911	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The AKG K 240S is the replacement for the K240M.  Impedance has been reduced from 600 ohms to 55 ohms.  Bass response has been extended and midrange is flatter in response.  Consider buying the K 240 studio phones in the MK II package and you will have spare cord and spare earpads.
3315	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the way this mic picks up vocals,very crisp and clean it`s like having a condenser mic in a dynamic case and it does not pick up too much of the backround noise which is the main reason i bought it,i am satisfied with this one and for the price i have not seen a better deal,i would recommend it.
9026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Decent product life, not my favorite but definitely good for a change once in a while or recording a softer track,
4060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my go to sticks for all concert percussion - hefty and nice, great balance, standard, all around stick. I've had a pair for 7 years, and I still use them regularly.
3696	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	it's good but think its a bit expensive for just one they should give you two for that price or lower the price
BUT - I ordered the standard, rounder tip and they sent me the sharp, pointier tip.  I still gave the product a 5 - because the product is great. (not the sharp pointy one in my opinion - but if you know which you want,order what you want and get what you want - I think you'll find it's a 5.)
8394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Deal on Great Picks!
We used to joke about the SM58 in that if you needed a hammer and you couldn't find one, just grab one of these, they are that tough. I've seen some of these on the road that you couldn't believe still worked, but they did and sounded great.

1328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just as expected!
4835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not aiming to be a famous musician so when I decided to learn as a hobby I had to balance between true quality and simply being charged too much because of the association of a brand name with  famous musicians.
2) you cannot throw in a drum fills randomly which is very restrictive during a live, spontaneous performance when you cannot keep track of which beat you're on (the SR16 accepts two foot pedals)
What has truly impressed me is that they lasted nine months of him pounding on them as only a one-year-old can.  My son is obsessed with playing his "guitar"  and plays with it constantly...an hour or more everyday.  It is amazing to me, as a guitar player and teacher myself, that these strings lasted so long.
7166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always used Belgian-style Maple Josef Teller or Aubert Mirecourt bridges for my Yamaha SVC-200.  As far as strings go, you cannot go wrong with D'Addario Helicore and Kaplan series strings.  Kaplan is a bit more expensive, but it has a richer tone, but for my daily warrior, Helicore is hands down my first choice.  The steel core is perfect for my electric Cello!  Ships from and sold by Amazon,...Arrived two days early....ON A SUNDAY!
1725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable is great! For the price, it's already a plus. It does its job, and I'm pleased with this item. I'd recommend anyone to purchase this.
5984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Owned this for years.  Like the SD-1 you have to use it properly.  We used these in the 80's in front of JCM 800's.  The early JCM's at max gain and club gig volume were very crunchy, no insane gain on their own, and the DS-1 pushed it to high gain.  That's how you use these classic pedals . Same with the SD-1 you used it to push crunchy tube amps.  The SD-1 had a softer clip  and the DS-1 has a very hard edge to it. Don't buy these to play on a clean channel or even worse on a Solid State amp.  These are for pushing tube amps over the edge and they do it well.



7777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Patriotic Capo used by veteran with group ... Guitars for Veterans!
Wood Block (very good)
sure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. Besides safety I also like being able
9337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they are alright, but for a beginner totally. and they are slick so they might fly out of your hand on accident.
3217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Ultimate Support GS-200 guitar stand is great.  It's built very well and solid.  I love the way it looks and it really shows off the guitar.  I have bought 3 of these stands.  The Ultimate name brand will last forever and take a pounding.  I recommend this stand for all musicians
1938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed to replace the cartridge in my vintage Technics SL-B200 record player. Easy to install.
6023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Grandson wanted this particular pedal and he loves it!
9192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice sound :) my other capo had an issue where it was not holding my strings down, it made everything sound sloppy and rough. This capo is crisp and I have had it and used it religiously for 6+ months with no problems.
2655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the greatest microphones ever created.
---- Guitar stand....$15-$20
5301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got these strap locks for my bass guitar. They feel a little light and loose. But they have never failed to hold my bass straps on so I really have no complaints. I'd say they are a good buy. The part that holds the strap is large enough that the strap is very secure.
2331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use it for anyone who wants to sit in & sing.
3649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin strings are of the highest quality. They seem to last longer which is a benefit if you hate changing 12 strings. They are bright and responsive. The price is very reasonable.
I have an ABT60E, and I ended up buying a Roadrunner Jumbo Case from Guitar center, for $105 + tax. Its a great fit and I liked it the best of everything I tried.
I was surprised to see my favorite guitar/keyboard cable on Amazon. I've had one for about 10 years and it's the best sounding/performing cable I have. This is the same cable, and I wanted to have one for my guitar and one for my keyboard to connect directly to my digital recorder. The 20 foot length is optimal for me. The only other place I've found that sells this cable online is a music store in Canada. I've had numerous brands of cables at all different prices. For my money, this is the best cable, and it's sold here at a very good price.
2712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did a test and compared it to the Shure Beta 58A.
5660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop filter does the job and looks great! It is made of professional material and is very sturdy. It you are doing voice overs, narration, singing, or doing just about anything with a plug and play or professional microphone you need to pick one of these up in order to guarantee that you filter out the unwanted pops and are left with simply clear audio.

4363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings, Very comfortable. Aquila strings are great for a ukulele, but I think this is much better for a banjo Uke.
5693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks great, very durable and currently has about 200 sheets of music and still room for more.  Just perfect for my needs
1508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Son said it's what he needed to do the Job!!!
225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect with my old yamaha keyboard at school.
the sr-18, while it has many of the same features as the 16, which means you can get this and set up tracks the same way, the sound of this drum machine is so much better you will feel like you've been robbing yourself of a quality drum machine. in fact, other than being able to be critical of the snare sounds available, though they are okay to good to great, there isn't much to complain about this device. I don't like the bass and sounds on the included drum beats, since some of them sound good, but you have a silly bassline dictating the key, boo, there is a way to cut that out I think but I forget how, lol.

There are obviously several ways you can hook this up. For reference, I am using it to connect the audio from my PC and the audio from my game consoles (PS4 and Switch) and have it all output to my headphones. In my case, the game consoles are hooked up to a Denon A/V receiver and I am using the headphone output from it to connect to the stereo mixer. For the PC audio, I am simply using the front 3.5mm output and have it connected to the stereo mixer. From the stereo mixer, I have the output audio plug into an external headphone amplifier which then finally outputs it to my headphones. My headphone amplifier definitely helps with overall volume, but even without it, the stereo mixer has plenty of power to output enough volume even to my higher ohm headphones from Sennheiser and AKG. Even hitting about halfway on the knob gets too loud and about a quarter of the way is good enough for normal use.
3659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	But not for this price and utility. Conditions for hearing music are never perfect so must you have super expensive  perfect strings? Robust and not prone to breaking during a performance......in fact haven't broken a string in years. Great value for multiple packages and good value when you buy one package.
7977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great
5912	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	i got this case and it wouldnt close right,the lock broke, just junky,not well put together get a skb or a gibson case,this ones cheap and you get what u pay for here
I've used others, for a short while, then went to Dunlop.
624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works as advertised!
6261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Meh. It's a footswitch.
In my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) I have come to realize, that
5053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like this capo.
it wasn't great, so I did what I should have done the first time.
8507	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good for shredding.
5625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What my headline says. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Removes those annoying popping P's out of your recordings. Until you can afford a Sennheiser condenser microphone that has a built in pop filter than you're going to need this. And the price was right too.
309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This Fender cable is the perfect length for me! Sometimes I find it a bit too long but I don't mind. The build quality is great and I know that it will last. The only gripe I have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.

[edit]
play it all the time
5230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well made, and the "dual" design is compatible with both strap-locks and traditional straps if needed.

4583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used the strap lock system on all my guitars for many years. I bought these for my new guitar which came with gold hardware.
9981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This damper really gives you that sweet, tight bass drum thump without all those overtones.  Great idea.  Well constructed and priced well.
happy playing, I hope this review helps!
- Top handle doesn't extend far enough.  You end up holding the case away from you a bit while wheeling because the top of the case hits your legs/waist while you're walking around.  Better than having no wheels for sure, but those long treks get uncomfortable holding it with your arm at a 35-degree angle.
3820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used them once so far for a jam session and they worked fine.
8192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
3511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings for an Ibanez 12-string guitar. Installed and tuned up fine. A little stretching and re-tuning required, but that's normal. I prefer the extra light strings, but some prefer the heavier strings for a more "round" sound. To each their own, of course, but these work great and are a good value for the price.
Great mic must have for any proffesional!
* 30.5" short scale
446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great MIDI cable, reliable. The price is great and the cable allows you some freedom in positioning your equipment.
Need a long, durable MIDI cable without breaking the bank?  Buy this.

6108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent distortion pedal for people who want a traditional rock sound. I use it with a Fender Mustang amp and an Ibanez guitar with good humbucking pickups. It's very easy to use and rugged. If you play metal, you might want to get the HardWire TL-2 instead; that pedal delivers more distortion (an insane amount, if necessary) and more tone control, but it's also more expensive. But you can easily boost the distortion achieved by the DS-1 by using it with your amp on an overdriven setting. The DS-1 is an excellent general purpose distortion pedal. I don't know of any other that achieves this level of quality in the same price-range.
However, it doesn't look that clean and nice.
7660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great set of sticks for the "softer" sound. These were used for a softer and quieter nature sound in a church setter. Highly recommend for this applicable.
9676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A bit stiff.. but works well
5548	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have made two flying trip and so far it has protected my key board. I do add additional padding  across the key board.
3523	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love love love it. I started playing acoustic a few months ago and wanted to try electric guitar. For the price, the sound, and the quality, this just can't be beat. I absolutly love it and highly recommend.  Was packaged very well and the guitar looks beautiful.
5455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm loving this thing so far and can't complain. The strength of the spring is fantastic and the ability to do everything one-handed is a true blessing. I can go from fret to fret to fret without putting the guitar down and it grips really good. Just so easy to use and figure I'll get many many years of use out of it..And if it matters, the KG6SA Silver is a really gorgeous brushed shiny silver......Good luck and God bless
4880	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the most expensive Hohner I have.  I also have an Old Stand By, a Golden Melody and a Special 20.  It can do about anything you want it to and has a very sweet sound,  I think I still prefer harps where the brass reed plates don't stick out past the body.  I don't get as good of a lip seal as I do with the Special 20 or the Lee Oscar or the Suzukis.
7546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son loves the strings. They are better than the strings he had and he says that the sound is a lot fuller because of them.

5799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have quite a few of these cases and they're very well made for the price. Excellent protection and hardware. Guitar is definitely safe & secure.
2739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
5534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal has managed to become the one and only delay on my board due to its sheer girth and amazing versatility.  The tone is very complementing to my desire for pristine cleans(as it does not break cause a lot of break up) and I love having the option of the tap tempo and 15 varieties of delays from vintage to modern. I returned the Boss DD20 which for me left a lot to be desired (due to its very flat sounds--many of the tones where indiscernible), for this wonder green pedal and so far I am quite satisfied.  I noticed on the feed back that everyone loves the loop option--a very stunning feature!
9569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	On time and as advertised.  Perfect for what I need.
8845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well packaged and arrived on time. My favorite picks.
1-2-star reviews often complain their 2-draw was broken from day one. The 2-draw most likely is not broken, it is simply a very difficult note for beginners to play.
7195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings
3116	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this stand. It's very sturdy and well made, so I trust it to hold my bass! It folds and unfolds very easily, and I love that the lock for it *stays* on the stand instead of coming off like every other one. Would definitely recommend this.
1795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used this cable to go from the 1/8" headphone jack of an iPad to the 1/4" in of a guitar amp with no problem.  No shorts, no static, just like it's supposed to do.
8789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Of course my one and only DUNLAP!
8542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A friend introduced these to me when I first started playing and I love the feel of them.  They hold up well and the texture gives you good grip on them.
1904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very sweet cables for my compressors.
A single pair last me a while even with everyday playing.
1225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the material & workmanship these are mad from!
8483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This review is for 2mm thick big stubby, and I like it very much.
Also - with the switch to the new 360 heads, I have noticed a difference in the ease of tuning and so have a lot of my drummer friends. I've had a couple of guys switch from using Remo and now only use Evans because of the difference.
9787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say here, other than they do what they're supposed to do.  I like that they're flexible but strong.
They are only 0.46mm thick.
9465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simple math. The cost of this patch vs the cost of a bass drum head. Extend the life of your drum head for just a few dollars. (Especially if your a heavy hitter)
1394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for the price
EHX is a quality brand and make alot of bass friendly pedals in the USA, I strongly reccomend this pedal for any guitarist or bassist looking for a basic reliable chrous pedal.
3201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these stands are compact and great for flying v's, i love the way they fold away and store so easily

7539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
8621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as expected
2776	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very thick/long cable, def your moneys worth. Came VERY fast in the mail and in mint condition. Would def buy from this company again if i needed another cord fast.

50	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my daughter was strumming along on Christmas morning.  this is definitely able to provide a false sense of actually playing the guitar, but with the lack of patience that younger generations appear to have this is a good item to have.
6428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite case by far.  Love how roomy the compartment under the neck is.
The finish was perfect. No nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.
Finally, I have my Westwood in service, after attending to some of the above concerns, regarding environment and 'action' adjustment.  When it was time to replace the 6-year old set of strings on it for a play, I - once again, put on a new set of Martin Silk and Steel strings.  (To be honest, by the way, I never choose strings by 'PRICE', from one brand or style or another. Yes - I will look to see who sells that set for lowest.  But - this is your INSTRUMENT you're talking about, here!)  My Westwood sounds GREAT!

9586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does a good job, saves drum head from wear, also tones down the bass frequencies. Best patch so far, good price, I recommend these product to anyone.
- No ability to change phase - can be a problem if using a Fender 2 channel amp like DRRI with inputs out of phase, or two amps with inputs out of phase.
I hope my one star review will help someone else avoid making this mistake.
8940	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These drum heads are amazing.  I have one on my snare drum, and I wouldn't have it any other way.




Is this normal for MB?  Key of C
I'm still diggin this machine. I've programmed my own drum beats into it without too much trouble. The fun part is learning how to program the machine, which is promising as opposed to tedious or frustrating.
1062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly as advertise

9862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not an expert but it is cheap and simple and cleans and protects the strings. Hope that helps thank you
850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality cable that I plan purchasing more of...quiet, excellently made and priced right!

After a bit of work, this guitar now looks, plays and sounds like a professional instrument. It's rapidly becoming my favorite guitar to jam with. I love it!
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
1307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality as you would expect. Work too great at my first concert.
8023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should
7342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price ...love The Vandoren line yse all their products mouthpiece reeds jazz reeds etc...Optimum line mouthpieces are great
9560	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has saved my bass drum head from many holes. Also has no affect on sound of bass drum.
5391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Circuit breaker is very very useful for me, i use it to connect my pedal to amp, i seldom use it pedal-guitar since i have a custom series cable 20' and it's longer definitely. It's not very flexible though since it tangles easily but that's only a minor gripe, it's very durable and i get clear tones out of it, no obvious tone suck. I love planet waves already, it's priced reasonably, pro quality, seems like built to last! Buy this cable and you won't regret it.
7312	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the first pedals I owned - and I still keep one around because it is a warm, responsive and beautifully toned chorus pedal.  Its also tough - takes a beating on the road, or playing on streets and subway platforms.

5434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these so far. They are soft enough to play a floor tom without the ping of a stick and they work well on cymbals. I use these on the snare and it does hit hard enough to pass as a stick, so these are quite versatile. I use two on some songs and on others, I'll use a regular stick on the snare (left hand) and the mallet on the right hand for the floor tom, small toms and ride/crash. A great addition for an intermediate/advanced drummer.
Overall, this is a bargain if you are looking for an inexpensive set of well constructed, reliable microphones for drum kits or other instruments.
Despite my previous remarks on the quality of the metals and such, these locks have performed very nicely.  They haven't failed yet, and if they ever do, I will be quickly returning here to amend my review.
5691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great capo clears up ALL fret buzz on my martin D12X1AE so much better then a 6 string capo.
1819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Obviously not top-of-the-line ends (they're injection-molded), but they totally work for a home setup of pedals.  And for this price, I think that's still worth 5 stars.  If you need sturdier because your roadies are doing your setups...well, then, maybe get better ones.

3604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these thin picks
Am I impressed? U bet cha!
4553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Recommend it
I found two picks that really stood out; Dunlop Ultex .60 and Dunlop Max-Grip .60.
7398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The BEST reeds in the world!
3472	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I like the V12 reeds better.
By the way, Dunlop also has 0.38mm thick picks, but I find them to be to thin.
4514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Soft nice sound, feels great. Nice
-  Tone was very good as well
1564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does what it says....seamless connectivity
5635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Kyser capos for over 20 years now. Of all of the brands I have tried, this brand is my favorite. I have some that I have been using for over 20 years, so they are very durable. They are so easy to use and you can change position very quickly, which is nice when you are playing out. the one for the 12 string has a little more tension than the ones for 6 strings for the obvious reason that you have more strings to hold down. I would not recommend using it for a 6 string because it would be too much tension and that would not be good for keeping your guitar in tune, the frets or the strings. But it works great for the 12 string and there is no buzzing.

All in all, this is an excellent compact stereo mixer which makes life easier if you have a setup requiring multiple audio sources outputting to a single headphone/speaker setup at the same time. It works well as somewhat of an audio switcher as well without actually having to switch inputs or cables around. If this sounds like what you need, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this product.
5634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Guitar was worth the money it plays well right out of the box. A great guitar for the money, Thanks!
5604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent product quick shipping

All in all, this is a great drum head.  It's durable, sounds great, and adds a nice touch if you're looking for a different color than the usual clear heads.
In addition to this head I upgraded to the 10" (ASIN: B0002E1FQW) on my other mounted tom and the 14" (ASIN: B0002D0DSO) on my floor tom.  The results were so dramatic that I also upgraded the batter side head on my bass drum with the 20" bass drum head (ASIN: B0002D0E3S).
2854	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great headphones
9751	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Durable and affordable. The .60mm is a perfect thickness for those looking to strum and occasionally pick.
Vibrate and project really good for silk and steel
3750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	How do you give this a bad review?  It's THE wah that started it all!  It goes "wah, wah, wwwwahhhh, wwwahhww, wwaahhwww"
3210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice
9333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome heavy-duty fabric patch for protecting your bass drum head from the bads effects of a double pedal assault! These don't interfere with your sound like some of the patches do.
5232	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product it was what I expected I recommend 100.% i will buy again this product if i needed ;)

9043	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings turned my cheap Estaban guitar sound like a professional sound acoustic guitar in seconds, the first note i played sound amazing and finger picking sounded too good to be true. i could only imagine how these would sound on a professional acoustic guitar.


2656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good vocal mic
Other than that, this cable sounds great.  I've been using them for nearly 8 years and not one has failed me yet.  I couldn't recommend them more for your amp -> instrument or pedal -> instrument cable.  You won't need this for any other patch other than to the instrument.  Don't get one if you need a cable that goes from your amp to your pedal board.  That'd be pointless.
5293	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Many pro players use them because of endorsement deals with Hohner.  Pro players don't use them until several hundred dollars is spent on each harmonica to make them playable at a professional level.  I have spoken to famous professional player that endorses them.  When I spoke of them performing poorly out of the box the famous pro had to go get ready for the concert and wouldn't discuss the point I made.  Buy Suzuki Promaster for best performance for the money out of the box.  After buying more than 120 harmonicas over 40 years I have some idea which are better.
1414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing bad to say in my opinion it's a good manufacturer quality cable. came as expected no problems with it.
It was a great deal and will buy them again.
9304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pedal patch to protect the head from hard beats. Also tones down the ringtone a bit.
2053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product !  It does what it says it will do at a very good price.


9936	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Came quickly and seems o.k.
9262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great on my SG.

You will however find that there is a sweet spot in the life of the pick's tip. When you first use them the business end is extremely pointy, sharp almost. After playing a bit, the tip begins to round off and is perfect for a long time. Eventually, it really rounds out and you'll want a fresh one. I typically lose them before they wear out and they are so nice, you won't care.
9521	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Of all the picks I've used these are the pickiest.
7450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves these
2244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	cable was bad
6614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good, excellent
4250	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not very good.

Put these on a Fender guitar and a Yamaha bass, and had to enlarge both of their strap holes.
1255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
1001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great, cheap cable.  Bought for my daughters to learn guitar with their mini squier strats.  No problems or concerns with these cables as of yet.

They are really appreciated and a great value.
9118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these picks a week ago and have fell in love with them. I generally use a Dunlop 1.0m pick, but have to switch to a thinner pick for rhythm play. This, of course, can be very annoying, especially if playing rhythm and lead parts in the same song.  These Big Stubby picks have solved that problem. They are easy to hold onto, great for leads, and because of the way they are shaped don't hang on to the strings like the regular picks do.  Great picks. Definitely worth the little extra they cost.

68	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	recib una referencia diferente a la comprada por lo cual no cumpli con la satisfaccin del cliente sin embrago me retornaron el excedente

5290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used strap-loks for 30 years. I have never once been let down. This product is amazing. I wish the sold the strap buttons separately though.
UPDATE 8/2015-> Had an end go bad. These are so easy to repair, no solder required. Just trim the cable end, reinsert and screw in the retaining screw. These are by far my favorite 1/4" cables, aside from the fact that the barrel connectors are too wide for some of my recessed jacks on some guitars and ukuleles. The cable itself is coax, which lends itself to these easy repairs and relative stiffness of the cable.
9077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these picks for my son to use on his acoustic guitar.  He kept breaking the lighter picks he had and wanted to try something that was a little more heavy duty.  They seem to work well for him.  He goes back and forth between these and some lighter picks, but he does use them frequently.
I am surprised the Les Paul name was allowed to be used on this.
5118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these Fender straplocks over the last year:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fender-099-0818-300-F-Straplock-Chrome/dp/B003BFYDBS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fender 099 0818 300 F Straplock Chrome</a>
5906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great, solid capo I've never had an issue have one both for my acoustic and electric guitar and have never had an issue with them.
5615	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy, high quality case w/ luxurious cover and liner, and top class fit and finish.  VERY HAPPY
53	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There are no real shortcuts to learning to actually play guitar, but if you want to get someone started this is helpful.
2425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used alot of cheaper mics over the years and this one far surpasses anything I have used in the past, definitely would recommend this mic, feedback is nonexistent and sound is high quality.
5956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case it built really well, it has really nice plush interior... storage area for picks-strings-tuning fork-etc in the neck, it DOES have a lock on one of the latches. The case actually kind of stuck the first few days after i got; so much so that i thought it was locked with the key inside when i first got it. Turns out thats actually impossible to do with this case unless you have an extra key... so don't worry. Just don't be an idiot like me and give it a good tug when you get it.
7869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful shimmering chorus, to Leslie like warbles, this is very versatile, to turn it on, you need to plug something into the input, which is the only downside when running on battery, but you also have the option to use a power supply (make sure to use a regulated supply).

1782	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this splitter to come out of the back of my bass head into two channels on a amp I use for other speakers. It does what I need, and it was very reasonably priced.

2986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	perfect!
Solid frame, quiet mechanism.
2605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say. This Amp received rave reviews on the Internet. After receiving it and plugging it in the Amp is even better than the Internet Reviews. If you like the warm big sound Vox has always had you will like this little Guy. Amazing Amp for the money and it is really classy looking also.

6651	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
8140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strap.  I chose it for the color, as it contrast well the wood color of my acoustic.  No problems with it.
8971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been a fan of very few drumhead brands and styles. The Evans G2 make my drums sing. The tone is perfect and the mid-range attack that they produce has allowed me to use them with the multiple bands that I play in. I need versatility as I am playing in 5 bands with music variety from big band to rock, pop, and country. Highly recommended all around!
7185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say lower priced than most and very low distortion I could Not hear the hum but for multi pedals to save on cost I use a godlyke power supply but this Is a good power pack.
9407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks, my favorite thickness. Bought a whole bag full.
If you are considering this instrument, don't hesitate.

This is based on my life-long experience as a professional musician.
Anyway, these are awesome. Aquilas are over-used everywhere now and I think people are realize it is just a hype. Aquila strings really make lower end ukuleles sing, such as with the Makala Dolphine, that the bounciness works very well with the dolphine's plastic body. However, if you have a solid instrument, Aquila does not really add much to it. Even my Makala Pineapple, now that I think about it - I had so much fun with it BECAUSE it was strung with the martins! After I got my other ukes (remember, they came with extra sets of Aquilas), I restrung my Makala with the Aquilas, and quickly lost interest in the Makala.
2288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works well
442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
1549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, got the job done.
6836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey, y'all.

9757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hydraulic and Evans always delivers! Haven't ran these in years but tried them again for a special live situation and they delivered again as always.  They get better with age too because the mylar softens as you play them and the attack gets softer which is especially useful with internal mics!
8479	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	E string broke with little tension applied so really don't know how they sound. Ordered another brand.
1190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, as described and great quality
8878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Green Tortexes are the only guitar picks I have used for nearly 20 years, and I wouldn't think of switching. Perfect grip and control for my playing.
I recommend using Vic Firth's bamboo tala wands instead.

3990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good price and fast delivery!
6615	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can only repeat what everyone else has already said: this Kyser capo is designed and built very well. It's easy to put on and adjust, and just as easy to take off. There are probably a few capos out there that are a bit flashier, but this is still pretty stylish. And the price makes it a real bargain.
5270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have used this product before and I am buying it for my father.  This is great for performing live due to the circuit breaker.  You just click the button and you cut out any input from your guitar.  This makes guitar changes fairly painless because there's no huge POP or buzz when you take out the plug.  I would give it 5 stars, but this plug may not fit in all guitars.  I have a bass where this plug will just not fit.  It's a good thing it's not a bass I normally gig.  The connectors feel very good and sturdy.  this is a quality cable that you will have for a while.  Mark it up with your name, or someone will try and steal it at a gig!

9486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Might be the perfect pick for when I play aggressively (on heavy gauge 6 string). And they last a long time.
The distortion can get as heavy as you like with the distortion boost, also you get better harmonics the higher this setting is.
I have a couple of nits.  One is that they weren't exactly generous with the length.  I could have used another couple of inches just to have a little more wiggle room while stringing up a concert.  And let's face it, the base material can't be expensive at all.  No need to be stingy with it.  And the other is that I don't feel like they're up to the standard of the more exotic/expensive/newer strings out there (Fremont, Worth, South Coast, whatever, basically any specialty string maker).
The one and ONLY downside to this is the fact that there is NO connection to connect it to your computer. I want to make this clear. There is a way to hook up through your instrument cable connections, but then I'm not sure how this hooks to your computer through a 1/4" cable connection. But all I have to do is record them into my Tascam, then send them to my computer, where I can save them for later.
1933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Below applies to the AT311EP; for some crazy reason Amazon bundles a dozen or more cartridges together which are in some cases nothing alike, yet the reviews all flow as if they were one.
4154	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these strings for years. Found a good price here on Amazon. I will buy again when I need more.
1441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable, I didn't move about though, but so far no feedback even when I spin the plug while its in the jack,
1553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well in our applicatio, good price.
5004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and fast shipping, item is exactly as described.
And, it is a durable mic, for sure.
7299	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You have to find the right reed for you, but this is the right reed for me. Good price, good reed.
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
4083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. As described. Thank you.
Highly reccomend


they are very high quality
6079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent case for the money!! Well worth it. Slim, sleak, and sturdy. Really like the stackable feature also. I will definitely be getting more of these cases.
8220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Brings your toms to life.
2396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mike for the price. What more can I say? It does have an ON/OFF switch which comes in handy.
6235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite. Years ago I had the opportunity to play using a real tortoise pick. There is a reason why there is so much talk about how nice real tortoise plays. It is because tortoise is really is that good. Dunlop Ultex (or Clayton Ultem) is the closest thing to tortoise I've ever used. Warm when you want it warm, bright when you want it bright. I like the .90, 1.0, and 1.1 sizes. I used to like the .73 but found that they didn't offer the control I wanted and were a bit bright. Dunlop offers the best price and variety of Ultex pics.

4625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good sturdy capo, camo color looks great
9774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Still using these picks almost a years later. Love this size pick and this brand. It came with plenty of picks
6127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	fun to play
Using it with a Sawtooth amp and plugging into an Epiphone and a Washburn.  Both sound great.  Basically the cord is too good for my amp, but I'd rather have a good cable than a good amp and garbage cable.
3080	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used the Shure SM-58 for over 40 years so it was hard to let go. But I like this microphone and the sound I getting singing through it.
- Could have benefited from arm strap(s).  This thing gets really freaking heavy when fully loaded and an arm strap could have really helped.
Edit: Have used them for about 4-5 months of playing at least 2-3 days a week. Held up pretty well, never broke and seemed to keep their tone for long time. Finally starting to lose a bit of their crispness so I ordered another set and one for a friend as well. As long as these are on here I'll probably continue to order them. As much as it's good to support your local music shop you just can't beat this price.

9624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This patch works as intended. Not to small and doesn't affect the sound of the kick. Easy to apply. I'll probably stick to using this brand
2384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using 58's for as long as I can remember. They are arguably the standard for vocal mics. The church I currently work at bought the ones with the on/off switch and I'm not noticing any difference in tone from other ones I've used. My personal 58 is a 20 year old model that a dude gave me 5 or 6 years ago without an on/off. I switched out the mesh grill so I didn't have to smell that dude's breath. I use it for home recording/demo creation and independent gigs. The paint is chipping off and it is my oldest piece of equipment but has never disappointed.
1752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good value for money - Sounds pretty good
3423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Strings!

7060	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.
I have used the 600 ohm K240M phones since 1986.  The new K240S are 55 ohms making them far more compatible with todays lower voltage gear.  Even better, this new design gives deep bass response that I never thought was possible from phones.  Even a 32 foot bombarde pipe organ stop sounds quite real, although you will not feel the room shake.  Listening to a signal generator through these new K240S phones gives an impression of powerful bass down to at least 40 Hz.  The old K240M drops off below 100 Hz.  A slight dip in the midrange(K240M) has been filled in, making the K240S more true sounding.
3765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought one of these to try on my Asher Junior lap steel guitar to hold two finger picks and a thumb pick. Worked, but it was difficult getting all three picks in one Wedgie so I ordered a second one. Between the two of them, between the 2nd/3rd and 4th/5th strings up next to the nut, works pretty good holding these types of picks (which admittedly, the Wedgie was not actually designed for). Liked it so much I ordered two more for my acoustic and electric guitar and one for my bass (the bass version). Only down side I see is -- they DO seem loose like they could fall out AND I doubt the picks will stay in place when I case my guitar (haven't tried it yet). But otherwise, worth the price and a good doo-dad to have around. Especially if you have a lap steel and need a place to stick your finger picks on the guitar itself (real help to me staying organized!).
6106	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This unit is a servicable tuner, and metronome, but you can do better in both departments for sure.
1025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice cable
3781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for months now with 5-string bass. I think these are even more useful for bassists than guitar, as I often find myself playing with fingers, then suddenly a "pick song" starts and... where's a pick? I usually have to offset it, and with the tuner placement I can only fit one pick, but I still find them indispensable. And no tape or other sticky stuff!
8532	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fits great on the stand and holds the picks.  My only critique is you have to keep a bit of space between different different gauge picks.  I use three different guitars and for each one I have a preferred gauge pick.  You can't put a heavy gauge next to a light gauge, the light gauge will fall out .Other than that, It is great.
6818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my third ABY selector switch I have owned in the last couple of years. Seems to be working okay for know. I know that the first gig i used it for the A/B selector switch stuck in the down position. I had to pull it up with my fingers. After that incident it seemed to work fine for the rest of the night. I always modify these units by removing the A and B switch and sticking it inside the casing, so that I don't accidentally step on it. I'm usually singing and playing guitar when I step on this switch so I'm not actually looking at it. Only time will tell if this unit will hold up. The unit I bought before this one looked practically identical but had a no name brand on it and it cost almost half the price. The difference is probably in the quality of the components. It's made pretty rugged.
3976	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Strings are over rated. Had to immediately replace them. For some reason they did not work well on my Fender guitar
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pro-Co-RAT2/dp/B0002MSQVQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pro Co RAT2</a>:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.
8860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i purchased the .38mm and these (.46mm).  after using the .38mm and learning how to use the pick now i feel better using these.  i like the small amount of texture provided in the grip area.  not too much, but at least something.
1730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very fast delivery and product meets my needs.  Will consider for future purchases!
2x MINI DISCO STROBE LIGHTS Flashing Stage Gear $10
1701	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like when items are exactly as described.  Very happy with this purchase.
1878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are by far the best value for effects pedal cables.  I find the local music stores won't stock them, forcing you to buy higher quality cables at about $7.00 each.  These cables, so far, have done the job at a fraction of the price.  We will see how well they stand up over the long-term as they are a cheaper cable.  But for the price, they are great.  At 6 per pack, you can even afford to simply replace them as they go bad and still be ahead -- if that even happens.
4850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this when it was on sale during the Christmas season - I figured that for the asking price at the time I could not go wrong.

1) Sound proofing: This is when you're trying to make it so no one outside a room hears what goes on inside the room, and vice versa. This foam is NOT FOR THIS PURPOSE. This foam will NOT make your studio/room sound proof, so please don't give it a bad rating if you used it for the wrong purpose.
9841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always used kyser capos and they're great!  Not much to say but if you need a good capo this is the choice to make, I like the design and ergonomics of this capo a lot.
I should have gone to the trouble of reading all of the reviews,  but sadly,  I "added them on" based on the cursory glance.
6988	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great on both Acoustic and Electric Guitars.
1747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does the job of patching audio from 1/8 inch to 1/4 inch connector, Not more to say about a simple cable.
1785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied with this product and vendor, highly recommend
1972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	easy to use
4607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i bought two of these to for my son and myself to replace our cheap starter guitars.  the difference in sound was amazing,  i have large hands and fingers so cording with the old one was a pain as i would hit  multiple strings. this one seems to have a wider neck as i don't have that problem now. this is a nice guitar for the beginner, or anyone who wants one to just pass the time..
8823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simple. Elegant. Effective.
109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good for any body. Fun to play
6896	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product and very sturdy and lightweight. Nice finish which is duarable and my son uses it all the time for over a year and no complaints.
5781	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This didn't work well for my 12 string acoustic. It wasn't tight enough to hold down the Low E strings. Got buzzes and muted string sounds throughout the fret board. Check out the Planet Waves NS Capo Pro 6 and 12 string. I really like that one. See my recommendation for that.
5430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great harmonica.

5315	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	What's great about the Dunlop design:
8728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Only picks I use for both bass and guitar. The don't ever break, they just wear down.
6195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks.  I love the way they play and the way they look.  This is definitely a personal preference thing.
7690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	only problem, the wood stems break quickly... well, that is the problem with many great things
However on a friend's 12 string with a larger neck, the capo worked perfectly. The capo also worked just fine on my 6 string seagull s6 slim.
3700	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We are currently living in a time when guitarist have more options for overdrive pedals than there has ever been in the last 40 years. Overdrive is overwhelmingly the most popular guitar effect these days; even more so than distortion. Unlike distortion effects, overdrive allows more transparency in your sound so that you can hear the notes and chords that you play much better than you could with distortion or fuzz.
- Easy On, Easy Off
9684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great heads
82	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	after 1 year, still going strong. Recommend!
I play aggressively and interactively with the crowd and there has been a couple of occasions where I have dropped my pick.  This being mounted under the strings at the headstock, it makes it convenient to quickly grab another pick.
1265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have a few cables, needed another one , so gave this a try, works very well. It is clear and no buzz.
4666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these strings on after having not played for about a year. They really helped me work back up some callouses without bleeding all over my fretboard. Great value, and perfect for getting back into playing.
1473	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable
I am not wild about the strings that came stock, but I am a drummer and suffer the same disappointment about heads that ship with new drums. I guess guitarists expect to change strings on a new guitar the same way drummers do when it comes to heads. In the near future I intend to restring the guitar with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/D-Addario-ECG25-Chromes-Flat-Wound-Electric-Guitar-Strings-Light-12-52/dp/B0007WOX22/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">D'Addario ECG25 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Light, 12-52</a>, which, while thick, should make the instrument jazz-friendly. I realize that flatwound strings will require a new set-up and intonation, but considering how good the guitar is and how relatively little it cost me, the new strings and work will be an investment.
3304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I researched vocal mics and read reviews of several on Amazon.  The Shure BETA 58A is perfect for my needs.  We play inside and outside, and I need a vocal mic that is durable and has a great sound.  Great choice.
While this pedal is capable of hundreds of tones and sounds (chorus is one of the most useful and versatile effects in my opinion)  Here are some of the best uses I have found.
9649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these for the studio and it really makes the difference in getting a good 'clean' sound with amazing separation of the notes.

Good news is that the AT311 sounds very  good .
I know that nearly everyone uses these mics, but that doesn't actually mean they are that good.  There are much better choices for your money.  "Tradition" alone isn't a great reason to buy a particular product, especially in a technology-heavy field.
5665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it
2343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect will buy again

In the end, I could not consider the five times greater price of the Gibson to be a worthwhile investment, so I bought the Epiphone and have found it to be an excellent instrument. Its range of tones is narrow; if the classic '60s Gibson sound is what you're looking for, look no further, but otherwise you should look elsewhere.
For this price?! Amazing.
4164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far seems to be really good! Pretty much essential in home studio!
9497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although this is a great capo, the clamp is a bit stiff which will pitch up your guitar quite a bit.  I modified mine a bit to make it loose.
For one, the cost of the stylus itself is a few hairs shy of the cost Amazon offers the whole enchilada for.  Second, the performance of AT's is second-to-none for the P-mount form-factor.  Those of us, myself included, with a turntable taking this format find ourselves with dwindling options.  When I decided to replace the cartridge I bought my used Denon DP-7F with, I was nervous as I liked the sound the ADC (no model anywhere!) was putting out.  I ordered an AT3482 initially, which it turns out is an entry model void of any depth and life.  Harsh and cold, I disappointingly put the original back (aware with an unknown number of hours on the clock it could be wearing my vinyl faster), and I got Amazon to kindly take the 3482 back and sell me a 311EP.
948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice cables
5476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo!!
346	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	got it quickly.  Cable works well

  I'm sorry for yelling,  but I actually paid "good money" for these,  because they showed up as an "add on" item,  and at the time there were four starts next to them.
2104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
8844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Jest the right size and fell
7202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've bought several of these Adaptors.
4901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	EVERYTHING IS OK.
I think they are also kind of cool looking, sort of a gel thing going on... my only complaint though is that if you put or drop them on the wrong sort of surface they are like *gone*, completely invisible. It's really weird because the color of the pick is often completely different, lol there's some strange voodoo going on here. I guess I wish they were made in different colors so they were easy to find (who knows, maybe they are?).
1242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	used with SHURE WH20XLR headset mic for direct XLR to PA. Worked fine at our gig
4072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Costs about 2x as much as some cheap capos, and it's worth every single penny.  THis has a strong clip, yet does not damage my concert or tenor ukulele necks.  It won;t budge once you clip it, and it's low profile.  Made of metal, it should last a lifetime.
Note, turning off the cord switch does not turn off the preamp.  It only prevents the pop when removing the cable from the guitar.
1463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great

2519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play in a Swing Band and set up the PA system.  These SM57-LC mics I used today for a gig!!!  Great Mic and it worked as expected.  We have used nothing except Shure mics.  We think they are the best in the bussiness!!!!
2309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A true work horse. Very happy with this Microphone!
7201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Batteries are expensive and unreliable. Invest a few bux into this adapter and you won't be sorry :)
1797	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I awarded five stars because for these are far better than expected and make excellent back-ups for your good mics. They are also ideal if you are hosting jams and open mic nights and want reasonably reliable microphones that don't cost a fortune - but get the job done.
4683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Installed easily on my 5 strong bass and look and feel like they will stand up to much more abuse than they will actually ever see from me.
DJ Joey K (Detroit, MI)
Write them yourself. FO!
5143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like these straplocks, but they were a little tight to get on a Levy's strap.  I did manage to get it on.  However, I found it was easier just to buy a strap for each guitar.
Personally I think the Eddie van Galen method is best, but ugly. (Screw in an eye hook and latch onto it with a claw hook that gets riveted to a strap). Yngwie uses the Dunlop plastic buckle strap which I don't trust. Those clips can break as they have on my hockey hear many times. Doesn't take much of a hit to crack it and then $2000 hits the floor.
304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I didn't read the reviews before buying this pedal and so I was unaware of the always-on vs always off issues that people are having with some keyboards. Luckily, the pedal works perfectly with my MIDI controller, which is an old Roland PC-180A.
7104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a sturdy slide that works great for my dobro acoustic guitar. I've been using it for about a year now. It's heavy so you don't have to put much pressure on it to get a rich sound.
5452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and holds strings securely. Handy to just clip it to the head when not in use. Doesn't interfere with playing. Nice looking, too.
4441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The quality of this guitar is more than I expected. I am in love with this guitar.
I've had the same capo for 8 years and it never failed me! (I use it around once or twice a day)
5791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo works on all of my guitars (12-string and 6-string acoustics and electrics) and is ruggedly built. I expect it to outlive me and my guitars.
3457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice mouthpiece that didn't break my piggy bank.  Have been using it for a year now and have had no issues.

9252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the feel and the sound as well as the attack!  great pics, will repurchase!
5637	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works great on my 12 string acoustic Dean

I took off one star only for one thing: the hand clip portion of this does sometimes get in the way of fretting because it sticks out from the neck quite a ways.  Some other capos, like this one<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jim-Dunlop-7828-Russell-Banjo-Uke-Capo/dp/B000EENH5W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jim Dunlop 7828 Russell Banjo/Uke Capo</a>&nbsp;does not have anything that you can hit your hand on when fretting.  Sometimes I try the Kyser on the opposite side, away from me, the player.  But, it seems to still hit my hand on some chords, just different ones.  That said, I can work around it, and it's a lifelong capo of fantastic build and keeps those strings from buzzing at all on all my ukes. If one was to have large hands, as I do not, this interference may be even more of an issue to consider.
7930	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It was time for a change after many years of using the same strings and I am really glad I tried these Martin's. They feel really nice and sound awesome on my little Martin LXM Travel Guitar, I will be sticking with these now. The price was very resonable and thanks for the good and prompt service as well Cheers !!!
-(****_) Sound: Excellent. This is the strength of the Blues Harp. Sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range.
679	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
They offer a completely different feel and sound to the Martin silk and steel which I also use. Its amazing how much different a set of strings can change a guitars sound.
It fits very snug!

I find it useless for acoustic guitars if there is any background noise.  Even just a TV on with normal volume nearby seems to prevent it from getting a clean read.
3785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sounds great. Built solid. Use it for recording and at every gig
I'm planning to take the instrument to a professional for setup and possible fret leveling to eliminate some of the buzzing I get on my A string lower on the neck. As a noob, I've been experimenting with action and intonation adjustments, but alas, I am a noob. My understanding is that a professional can easily turn this $169 Epiphone into something that plays and sounds as good as a far more expensive instrument.
8640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected and a good price
5104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product from a great company. The switch works well - great sounding cable.
8493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are literally the best picks for shredding and playing metal, nothing else is as good as a dunlop!
My experience is that I can not hear the music from any distance with these headphones at the usual 21 volume. The bass and treble are all perfectly natural and the virtual stage (a 2.0 setup) makes sounds in the music more clear than they ever were with my old headset. I can pick out the individual instruments in the classical music easily with these headphones, whereas before they were all meshed together because of the massive bass boost on the older gaming headset.
3100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We use these at the church and they turned out great for the price. We went back and purchased more we were so happy.
steel on one and pure nickel on another.
In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.
1935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No makers I know about are producing a turntable that has a P-Mount tone arm.  For legacy turntables that require a P-Mount/T4P cartridge along with a record collection in excellent condition your choices for something better than a "starter" cartridge in the $25 to $70 range continue to dwindle.  Many major cartridge makers have eliminated all but their lesser P-Mount cartridges while others like Ortofon stopped making any T4P (P-mount) cartridge at all.  The AT-311EP is possibly the best sounding P-Mount cartridge still widely available at a price that about anyone can afford.  This AT311EP is not the best T4P/P- Mount cartridge ever made or even the best one still available at any price but in the price range it performs way beyond the cost.  (If you have more money to spend the Grado Black T4P is $75 and the Gold Grado T4P is something over $200.  The AT311EP specs approach the Grado Black for way less money.)

So with that said, very good mic, and worth the money.  May take some fenaggling of it's position depending on how you're going to use it in order to compensate for it's sensitivity.
1) Price is right.

3693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had a number of distortion/OD pedals and, up to now, the only keepers have been my old Boss HM-2 (too brash for normal use but only occasionally fits what I'm doing) and a recent addition, the MXR 78 Custom Badass Distortion (very close to what I was looking for but still a bit harsh for my liking on some of what I play).  I've always wanted to get the Boss OD-2 because it has such a great and controllable classic natural sounding OD but it was discontinued.  I read about the OD-3 being a successor to the OD2 (with good reviews) and decided to get this pedal and just see how it fits in with what I do.  The OD-3 showed up a few days ago and I have been testing it out with it configured just about every way possible.  I like the tone at about 11:00 to 12:00 and the OD throughout the whole range.  I like the way it behaves (like a tube amp) with the notes still sounding pretty clean when playing lightly but growing dirty as you dig in harder.  I feel like this pedal completes the low to mid range of OD/distortion where the other 2 pedals cover the other end.  I would definitely recommend this pedal if you like classic rock and highly manageable levels of OD from clean to pretty ragged.  The tone at 11:00ish is very good for letting the lower notes stand out while also keeping the high end clear.  Going back and forth (pedal on- pedal off) I have it set where the natural tone (clean on amp) is close to the tone with OD on.  Then I just set the level to about what the other OD/Distortion pedals are at and then put the Drive knob wherever I feel like and it seems like it works for me throughout the entire range.  Some criticize it's limited range of output sounds, where I feel like that is what I want.  Something predictable and easy to find the one sound I am looking for.  I only use about 6 pedals and I like to be able to know them all well enough to dial in my favorite sounds quickly. Overall, a "must have" for the classic rocker.
9860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.
And yes, these stick wraps really help to prevent flyaway sticks -- a nightmare for most drummers, especially during a solo!  (And no, I don't work for Pro-Mark...)
8228	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality is great  !!!
5092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love it . It is a very nice cover.  It is Very easy to cover the keyboard . The material is also  very good and very light.
6055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excelent
A is common in blues and country. D is also common. G is often used when playing along with guitar.
I gathered from the Seymour Duncan website that these 2 pickups are his favorite combination as they allow for the widest range and diversity for sound and playing style. The site also lets you see which famous musicians are using their pickups as well and it turned out that most of the rockers and metalheads listed had these 2 in their arsenal. That helped since I play mostly hard rock and metal.
Seems to also be quite durable, after a few heavy months of use there is no visible or audible change.
5108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the kill switch feature!  I like that the button is just press and release rather than press click to engage, then press click to release. I may get a  few more of these.
806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	it is great!
I suspect the SR18 needs the same switch........ Why isn't Alesis offering the machine WITH a usable footswitch?
This model is identical to my main stick, but with a wood tip. The dimensions of both are .512 diameter (slightly thicker than the 7A model's .500 diameter, and 16" long versus the 7A's 15 3/8" length.) There are times when I do like the sound of wood on a cymbal and in some rooms this stick sounds better than its nylon tip sibling.

As I don't mind the extra weight (there's a shoulder strap if you wish to use it) it's my favorite case!
5212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are really great guitar locks!! I use them on all my guitars, and I would highly recommend them to anyone!!
6040	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pedal has been my one and only distortion pedal for 15 years. It can literally do any sound you need. I kid you not, many people ask how I get "that" sound, and it's this little box.  Set tone on 9 o'clock, gain at 3 o'clock and output to full, nice, creamy and very responsive. With a tube amp, your otherwise useless volume knob on your axe becomes a tone shaping tool.  Battery lasts for a very long time.
1341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. I've trusted them for years, I can't think if a single Hosa cable I've owned that's failed.
It has what I would describe as an "isolation bubble" for vocals. You can address this mic from multiple angles with an extremely consistent response, all the while rejecting sound not but a few feet to your left and right.
1788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this XLR splitter to split the lead vocal from FOH to my monitor rack.  Used this way it worked great and I never had any problems with signal loss or power issues.  I began using a transformer isolated XLR splitter after we started playing bigger venues and no longer use this splitter.  My only issue with the Hosa Y splitter is that the cable length from the female connector to the male connectors is very short, so short that it would cause the microphone cables to stick out from the mic stand when I plugged it into our lead singer's microphone.  It would be great on a guitar mic or something that's close to the ground, or horizontally placed, but it looks a little funny coming off of a vertical microphone stand.
2628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The first time I tried these Audio-Technica Headphones I was listening to an FM Station on my Radio Shack 60-629 Multiband Receiver. I plugged them in, put them on and was absolutely amazed by their comfort and their exemplary sound quality. These are absolutely wonderful headphones for the price. I also like the fact that they come with a 1/4" adapter so I can even use these listening to shortwave on my 1981 Realistic DX100 Shortwave receiver. I highly recommend these headphones for anyone looking for good sound reproduction at a very reasonable price.
8648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	BEST PRICE AND I CAN ONLY PLAY WITH THESE KINDS OF PICKS TO MY FULL POTENTIAL... I LOVE THESE PICKS
6399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used this case to protect my guitar for 4 years. It's sturdy, solid, and protective. The soft fur lining on the inside keeps my guitar clean, and the inside pocket is just the right size for my picks and capo. It locks securely and you can use a key if you need extra security.
3764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sorry, I couldn't resist the cheesy title. But seriously, if you're a player who prefers pedals, you could easily spend thousands on boutique models (I've done it) and still not do that much better than the reasonably priced and unbelievably tough Boss pedals. I've talked to tone purists who say that these steal tone, muddy up the signal, etc... Eh, maybe there's some validity to this argument. But unless you're looking for ultra-pure, uncolored tube tone heaven, you would do well to go with a Boss rig, in my opinion. Here are some basic reasons why:
5421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My mic had soooo much trouble with popping and this filtered it out completely. This is exactly what I needed!
- Good ability as a Mix headphone and an inexpensive Audiophile headphone
Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
Maybe it is just a case of a set of seconds' but whatever the reason I will not use them again.  I pitched these because of the name brand' ask have several classic Martins and thought the sane workmanship would be in these I was wrong.
6010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job.
8262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These heads just seem to have more to them such as a nice crisp sound with great sustainability. The new rim design makes them just seem to "fit" better than other heads I have had.
842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Heavy duty
If there is anything else you'd like to see in the review, please comment.
4862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with the purchase. I really like it

7157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it.
3330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Beta 58A along with the original SM58 are industry standards, that's well known. As a general purpose workhorse for live vocals they are by far the most popular tools out there. Quality venues throughout the country commonly stock these as their go-to house mics. In fact, I noticed Betas all over the place at a small theater (with a high-end system) that I played at just recently.
Basic characteristics are heavy with a defined chick, but not nearly as defined as the Mastersound series, and excellent ride qualities, especially when used with a loose clutch and partially open.  Most of these pairs are too heavy for lighter jazz, but there are exceptions if you have an idea of the weight. They are typically in the 1200 top and 1550 bottom range (in grams). Those weights work for most loud, heavily amplified music.
5177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Some of the notes register out of tune using my new Korg CA-2 Chromatic (set to 443), which showed another harmonica of a long time harmonica player's harmonica as being in tune. Some beyond just a bit sharp or flat.
I bought two sets of these to go on my hollow-body arch-tops.  I do agree with some reviewers that the metals feel a little flimsy and weak, and the overall feel when installed doesn't feel as "tight" as the Schallers.  That said, the installation for both of my guitars was quick and flawless, and required no tools other than a screwdriver.  Another reviewer said his #2 driver would not fit, I did not have this problem.
3589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This guitar gives the Gibson vibe with he Epiphone feel and price. I love the guitar for its range, and it gives a wonderful tone. Definitely recommended...
4182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We've purchased 2 of these.  The band directors ask for them and we've had no issues with them.  A little pricy but not taking a star off since the quality seems to match the price.
5074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price.  Needed for a grade school music class. Quality instrument that sounds and plays as it should.  Rarely has Yamaha let me down with any product.
Fender Marauder
7235	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	very unintuitive module, very bad pad response which are also very small so not easy to use.

4479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great heavy slide.  Fits over even my fat fingers.  Looks good even when I'm playing at parties, my glass slides always look a mess as I eat finger foods as I play,  but mud slide doesn't show finger marks too badly.
4000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my ukulele and it works perfectly. It's very small and thin, but still feels sturdy. Holds the tuning, easy on/off, would recommend!
Based on other reviews and recommendations I switched to this.  No more IGD as mentioned.

1220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	One of my "hope I won't need it" gadgets.  Good price!
1892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product at a fair price. I use it to hook some effect pedals together.  Using a very short cable like this, really helps keep the stage clean and orgainized.


9079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these 2.0s as my primary pick for years now and I love them. The way the material surrounds your finger tips is unique and not found in a flat pick. They're very easy to keep a grip on and allow you to go after the strings confidently.
2535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	What else is there to say other than legendary? It is sturdy, but does not get as good of a sound as I expected. Maybe, it was too hyped up by everyone. I often use it for vocals during practice. When it comes to recording, I found my MXL condenser sounds warmer and more full.
3073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They ultimate in stage microphones.  Works great on guitar cabs, or with vocals.  Used on a snare drum in a pinch.  Sounds great, works consistently every single time.
2101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Instantly puts children in a trance
8984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good sturdy mic case. Currently it's holding a wireless mic and receiver, a body pack, a second handheld mic and body pack style receiver.  It could afford to have been laid out a little differently though. There's definitely some room for additional pockets. It would be nice to have a pocket for power cables and a separate one for lavalier accessories. At the end of the day I feel that my equipment is well protected. That's the most important thing.
I agree with some of the other reviewer who say it has a
3323	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used Shure mics exclusively over the years.  This was purchased for my son, the heavy metal singer and needed to take the abuse.  It does and keeps on working.  Previously he had a used SM58 (the workhorse of the industry) and he destroyed it.  It was about 20 years old when I bought it and I can't believe it lasted as long as it did with the abuse he gives microphones.  This one is standing up to the abuse even better.  I'm sure it will last many, many years. Personally, I use the Beta 57 as I like the smoother sounds for vocals.

8033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this by mistake, wrong key, but it is great. It plays well and is easy to draw notes on. I use it for warm ups and practice.
I can recommend this amp for a wide range of styles and tones. Everything from thin Tele or Strats to Gibsons, single coil or humbuckers, and even acoustic-electrics; they'll all work great with this amp.
First, it's construction is pretty light weight. That means you will have to be "gentle" with it when using it. That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up.
I have a couple SM58's I bought used that turned out to be fakes. They feedback in situations where the real 58's don't.
1845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As it is written! excellent .... thanks!
CFH
The cord is brilliantly long. I have a 20 foot extension on mine, but honestly, I don't need it at all.
1733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works as described
3762	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best Wah sound...I am comparing it on Digitech RP355 wah effects and this is way better than digitech.  Well this is the original Wah maybe I am wrongly comparing these two.
2843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had a couple of pairs of the original K240's, and though these feel slightly cheaper, they're actually a whole lot cheaper (in price). I once bought a pair of $30 Samson headphones that broke after about a year because they were made of such cheap plastic. The K240 design, intact in this incarnation, seems to hold up really well over time.
One thing I like is the fact that it's a dynamic mic that does not require phantom power. It can be used with an XLR cable or an XLR with a 1/4" adapter for the mixer end. But the main thing I like is the performance for the price. I wouldn't use these in a high-end studio, but for home and live recording, and performances these are more than adequate.
I have two of these plus an EV ZLP powered 12" speaker as a monitor but if I had the money I'd have 3 of these instead.  Buy with confidence.
What doesn't work with the Schaller Design:
I think these are great for beginners to start out on :)
7805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The thicker dowels in these rods produce a more stick like feel. I can get a decent 2-stroke and they get more sound from the hi-hat and cymbals. The dowels still tend to break somewhat easily but that's a fact of life... Sticks break.
Simply the best nylon picks available.
5943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived as advertised on time and I am pleased with the purchase.

8824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great capo. Straightforward. I tried a couple of other brands/formats before going for THE capo that everyone uses , now I see it was a big mistake and waste of money.
2844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great budget headphones for mixing. I am very pleased. You could do worse for a whole lot more money.
Anyone that's had that experience knows what I'm talking about.
Since I've been playing the acoustic more, I needed something else.
Bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. The price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year.

8150	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love this strap, very fancy
4394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wow, what a GREAT guitar! I'd give it more than 5 stars if Amazon would let me. I've never played a Les Paul before and was skeptical about the hype about the style. It took me a bit of tinkering to understand the difference, but now I am totally amazed at the sound. It's a "plunky" sound, but also the action is really clean and easy to pick notes on. The most amazing thing is the sustain, which I think is probably due to both the design that allows the strings to ring and also the pickups that are also designed for that purpose. Just a fabulous guitar and I can't believe the great quality at such a cheap price. A really astounding product.
6603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

1824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect. very stiff and I worried it would damage the wires when I hooked these up....didn't have to fret it at all. Clear, no noise, no drain, works like it should
5275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Classic Kyser.  It's the only thing I'll let near my Martins or Taylors.

4135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is nice...
2633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for use with Fishman Loudbox guitar and vocal amp. They work great for this. The sound quality is good and they are comfortable. Allows for nearly silent practice (except for my unamplified vocals and some faint sound from the unamplified electric guitar strings). My neighbors love them as much as i do.
The color coding system of these snakes makes sense to have in a dimly lit studio crammed in behind your racks. It allows for quickly plugging in your gear in sequence and getting set up faster. Also, you don't have to worry about the little numbers rubbing off. I think they're great. I'll just go ahead and order some more. In 321.
As far as audio quality is concerned, I would describe the M44G as warm, punchy, and a little bit retro (for lack of a better word). It seems to work well with rock/pop/jazz/R&B from the '50s/'60s/'70s. I imagine it would work well with country music too. If you're looking for a "bright" cartridge with emphasized treble, it's probably not your best choice. My speakers are quite bright to begin with, so the M44G still provides me with very clear treble.

8510	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Martin
2217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you need a small, cheap mixer that works and fits in a rack, this is it.
I may buy another one and mod it to use with my bass.

....there is a Learning Curve.
3769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This baby makes my Gibson cry out loud. Hendrix, Clapton, Winter, Page.  You can sound like them.  Put that pedal to the metal.
7401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have nothing negative to say about this mic.  I am posting this just for those who might be looking for more of a clean tone for music genre other than blues.  This mic is designed to distort the sound and that's exactly what you want for Chicago Blues, but not what you want for just about anything else.  A high quality instrument mic (either small diaphragm condenser, or lavaliere condenser type) will generally provide the cleanest tone and widest frequency range, and a dynamic vocal mic will give you something fairly clean, but with a little bias toward mid range frequency at the expense of less high frequency response (still way better high frequency stuff than a bullet mic though).  Also note that while guitar-type tube amps are again exactly what you want for blues, You will want to substitute a P.A. type of amp/speaker(s) or active speaker(s) for clean tones.  Listen to some harmonica performances on Youtube, and if you want that 'bluesy" kind of thing, get this mic, if you want something closer to the stuff more typically played on a chromatic (whether you intend to play it on chromatic or diatonic), get an instrument mic or a vocal mic.  Want one mic that is probably the best compromise?  Get a Fireball V.

Some complain that the pups sound a bit muddy, I don't know about that, but the range of sounds you get is very limited and difficult to adjust. Its definitely more on the mello side than the screeching side. If you have never owned a Les Paul research how the middle switch position works before you get it otherwise you'll think its broken, its not, its designed that way.

Telecaster guitar. Slightly different sounds. Again, think about the wood, or lack of it, on the guitar.
2382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	very nice for the price!! Good sound
3443	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	always a classic - Martin strings are the old standby
1837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok

8421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bass picks. I even used them dor lead guitar riffs, outstanding

8898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For some reason I thought these picks were going to be flexible. They are not at all, kinda like glass. That being said, I love these picks for Bass. No harsh sound that a regular pick makes with bass. Sounds very much like a finger. Super easy to grip & hold on to. I got 6 purple picks, maybe those are the color of the 3.0's. They sounded horrible on acoustic guitar but very good on electric guitar & electric bass. Nice sharp edges for such a thick pick. They turned out to be much better than I expected. Quality & great price!!
5841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A quality capo.  Would buy again.

5176	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This is a very appealing unit - but the predesigned plastic pressure arches are too 'open' for both Rico and Vandoren reeds for the clarinet (Bb).  I've ruined two reeds as the tip of the reed can easily get pinched by the hinge in any of the outside slots.  I'd block those four - but the remaining slots are also at risk - not worth the price!  A good reed easily costs $5 to $10 after culling out the less than great ones - and two destroyed reeds exceeds the cost in this item.
5876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	One the best of the best capos on the market. I have a few hanging around the house with different guitars in different colors. The black one is my personal favorite. Clear tone and easy to use.
I thought at the begining it was going to be noissy or not so warm
4319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this guitar.  It's beautiful and sounds amazing.  I haven't played in almost 20 years and I had an itch to play again.  I found this and after reading the great reviews, I had to have it.  It's well made and surprising heavy compaired to other guitars I've owned in the past.  I can't imagine a young child playing it because of it's overall size and weight, but as an adult, it's perfect.  I love the finger board play ability and the overall sound is incredible.  It's perfect for me and I love playing again.  Would definitely recommend this guitar for anyone who's played awhile or just learning.
I would suggest these cables to any one of my colleagues.
Overall I am very pleased with this adapter and actually purchased a spare in case I damage or lose my primary one. It's a bit pricier than others I considered, but I feel that the quality and peace of mind are worth the premium.
7655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my son's favorite reeds.  So far, they have worked better than any brand--fairly good percentage of "good" reeds in a box, and last a decent amount of time.
The working mans cable. I have HOSA connecting 95% of my home studio. Never a complaint.
9735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes a great capo. I have a bunch and have given them as gifts. I like the bright colors, because I tend to lose things, and the color appeals to me anyway. I have  2 year old son that also loves capos- not for guitars, but all sorts of things that you might think would ruin it or scratch it, but nothing seems to do any damage. I don't even worry about it any more. And they don't damage the guitars, they're super easy to use, they look good, they keep me from even having to try to think about what I should do when I can't sing as low as a song is written (seriously that's THE BEST part for me), and you can get any color or even a pattern. Excellent product.

In a shootout in my studio with more than 20 different models of mics, the SM57/58 were near the bottom of the list. Virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better. And I'm not talking about comparing it to $3500 Neumann U87 mics either... more than half of the mics we used were under $150. Other, better choices in a similar price range are the AKG D5, Heil Sound PR 22, or stepping up to the Shure Beta 57, which is much, much better. And all of which have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback.
It came quickly and well packages, and in great shape out of the box.  I didn't adjust the setup, I just tuned the factory strings and started playing.  It feels like a high quality instrument from head to tail, so much so that I doubt the anti-China bias that you find when discussing guitars.  I've had it for just over a month, and I've played it pretty much every day.  I put some flat wounds on it and it hums.  I don't even know why I'm writing this when I could be over there playing it.

9116	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play bass and ordered the 3.0mm version (dark purple/blue).
Overall, this is well worth the $500 that they list as the MSRP.  At less than half that its a steal.
691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to connect a mic to my GoPro 3. Works great!
6347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'd love it if the Zildjian A's (and K's both) weren't so darn pricy.
1370	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	ok cable
848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, retro look. Highly recommend.
876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'd replace all my non-wrapped cables with this style if they weren't so darn expensive! I know cables don't cost this much - I'm a former electronics technician and have family in the music equipment business. Geez, lower your prices already and get a much higher percentage of all cables sold!
9863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I discovered this string lubricant many years ago and I concur with what most of the reviewers here have said about it although I wouldn't call it a string cleaner although you indirectly clean the strings if you use the cloth and like another reviewer stated you should also use the cloth to clean the undersides of your strings as well.  I unfortunately live in a very humid climate being only a little above the equator and so strings have a very short life here and so anything that can prolong their life is a real boon for a musician here.  I agree that the only downside is the inability to tell in advance that you are running low on lubricant until it actually turns dry but I guess given the price and the overall usefulness of this accessory, one cannot complain too much.  Now that mine has just run dry I'm going to delay a replacement purchase while I try out something new that I've just discovered called "The Swipe" which enables me to clean both the undersides and the topsides of my strings without chemicals.  If this works as well as advertised, I may still get Fast-Fret but for its lubricating properties which really helps make playing a lot more comfortable.
Pop filters help with sound quality tremendously and I highly recommend you get this one.

98	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work well to extend your boomwhacker set down an octave.
1396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Keep a few of these around as spares.  You really can't have too many of these cables.  I'm always losing them.
6444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Having read reviews where people got caases too small for a 12-string, this one fits just fine.  Seems to be good quality, though it's never been thru any kind of usage test.
3111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a mini mixer so that I could plug in portable devices, I acquire first one in RadioShack, what a disappointment when I figured it out it used a battery, (a squared one) plus it was mono only, then I decided to go with the Behringer which came in working perfectly and in the optimal size, what I omitted is to double check if it had stereo output, the fact is no, there is no output, only mono, for mics. and others that require only that is a great working device, yet I was still in my search of a budget small sized mixer with stereo outputs, I found this in amazon and so far up to this point, it has worked great, I can have stereo output  (note: the mixer says 4 channels, but one of them is mono for a mic) three are stereo, yet it worked great for what I needed it for.
9493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice nylon pick.
1529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great if you can still get them!!!  I use this with a handheld condenser mic and it works great... No pops!!
9941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thanks
2182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very Nice
8459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't actually use a microphone, but i have this clipped on the side of a small table i keep in my music room next to my guitar stool. its perfect.

2. Dime out the speed and depth for those crazy out of this world Korn type effects.  This is a really handy pedal for imitating tones of other bands because it can do so much.  There are a lot of bands tones I can come close to exactly matching, tones that took them 2 or 3 pedals to achieve.



8643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised.
To see if it was the Mic, cable, or adapter; Tested it going straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.
4 stars is my tops, anywhere.
8200	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality product that does what it's supposed to do at a great price.

Protec makes a similar, but lower capacity folder, the Model F2E; it has less deep pockets that are just under 10" wide; and holds less music overall.
This mic is slightly less sensitive and the sound is warmer.  But not necessarily better.  They are both great mics.
9374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This style is much easier to squeeze than my other one that has the grip underneath the neck.
9002	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My brother recommends these for his beginning mandolin students, and after picking up
6152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can't get enough of it. It's such a great amplifier. So small but so cool. In the way it's made. I cant get over all the effects it has on  it. Really keeps me happy.
4384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Martin quality is dependable...not sure if Martin actually manufactures them but they put their name on them  so I gave them a try... not disappointed at all.
6433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works & sounds great !!!!
7152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use the same brand in heavy tension for my violin and have for the last 16 years, and these did not disappoint in cello form. Good strings can make even the newest student instrument sound twice as expensive and warm.
4325	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got 5 Capos like this. This one is the best.
4634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strings are not just strings. Guitar strings are another very important part of playing GREAT Guitar. And all Martin products are second to none.
4474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings.

Depending on personal preference you might like another option better, but I can't see how you could ever regret trying these.
5370	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm not very familiar with how pop filters actually work, apart from getting rid of unnecessary peaks when recording. I have noticed an improvement in recording quality with this pop filter on. I don't know how it compares to other pop filters though, but this one seems like it works for me.
5060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Have used them on my guitars and basses for years.  Only complaint is that the screws are not durable enough at the head.  They can strip easily, and given their very small head, it is not easy to use a different screw.
Although tempted to try other brands, I figure if the GHS Boomers work for me, last a long time and Sound Great, then why bother switching to another brand?
9536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are NOT like sunburnt weiner.  You can beat these all day long.
2467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat 'em.


1113	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+++ Thank you!!
I looked at the specs for the two mikes side by side. The SM58 is a little flatter in response, especially at the high end, over 10K Hz, and it picks up a few dB before the PG 58, somewhere between 50 and 60 Hz. However, since the human vocal range is generally between around 300 and 3000 Hz, neither of these seems likely to have much effect, although the SM58 might be a tad more responsive for a bass singer.
In fact metronome is absent.

These just suit my personal taste and have never let me down as far as quality goes.
8065	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
Decided to try steel core to see if the string would have more staying power and last for more than a month of violin playing an hour a week.
They're just thick enough to work on both
4874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the BEST Boss pedal on the market, great deal for the price !
It's a shame.

5628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great Capo, does what its supposed to do. Though the clear rubber piece is sliding off. I think the glue maybe wasn't strong enough?
8546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my go-to acoustic picks.  Good grip and long lasting compared to others.  Can't go wrong with these basic picks.
1614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just a basic female XLR to 1/4 inch male adapter. I use these so I can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one PA.
6899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings.  Sound great and feel good to the touch.
5682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case is likely overkill for most people, and a soft bag would work. But if you want to protect your guitar the best you can at a reasonable price - this thing looks and functions great.
--(**___ overall) Hohner Big River: Nothing memorable. It's perfectly fine but there's no reason to buy it over the Special 20 (the $ savings is minimal). Unlike the Special 20 it has a wood comb, but if you want a wood comb buy a Marine Band.



9555	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this capo over all the others. Works well and it can be clipped right on the headstock

9908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Best!!!
4951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these. At band practice if I started a song sitting down,and wanted to stand up, many times my strap would come off. Every time I stood up I had to make sure it was secure. but we these no worries. They are easy to put on,and take off. I love them!
I gave these picks a 4-star because I'm just picky with my picks (lol)
I bought this to see if it will cure those issues, but have not been to one of the bad venues since the purchase.
hour.
5316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I hate spending 13 bucks on a couple little pieces of hardware that probably cost 13 cents to make, but its better than the 20 bucks local music shops want for this same set.  Overall they work really well and look sharp.  They fit perfectly on my Schecter Hellraiser.  Very happy with my purchase.
975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Price for good product. Would order from seller in future.
EDIT: I called Epiphone and they had me send in the bass to be repaired. They moved the strap button to where it is on the picture (above the neck) and repaired the stripped bolt. And...now the neck dives like no tomorrow. Seriously, if you play this bass standing up you can't take your fretting hand off of the neck at all or else it will dive straight for the floor. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
6446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome case, fits great, kind of bulky. For the price it is well worth it, everything seems to be solid construction.
633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just trying to find a midi to midi was a task, and you have to make sure the pin config is correct.  This one is a good product and works just fine
3419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I actually replaced a BOSS TR2 with this pedal. Does everything it is supposed to do without the "perceived" (that's was they say) volume loss typical of many tremolo pedals. If it's perceived, then how do you explain how good this sounds? I have since had the pedal rehoused in a metal enclosure with a better switch because I was scared of breaking its plastic housing when switching it on and off.
991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's been 2 months of using this cable and I have not had any issues. No noise from the cable and sound isn't degraded.
3440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product!
It is good to bear in mind that individual ears are unique in shape and that phones are designed to work on a "standard ear" made with an average shape.  Phones will give different response curves depending on how your ear pinnae and canal differs from that "laboratory standard ear" shape.
5308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I know the title seems very scary but allow me to explain. I bought this with my tailor because it's a very cheap capo and honestly I wanted to try something different than the ones I have now. I figured it's extremely inexpensive and it can live in my Taylors case.
1385	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable
on the stand. I considered purchasing the stands with the auto-grab/lock feature but decided one less piece of plastic

Hard to believe this has bad reviews, this is one of the best carts in the business!
5647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far so good, Has enough muscle to hold the strings. Longevity- we'll see. My first Kyser lasted 25+ years. This summer we had one break during a jam. It was maybe 8-10 years in service.
4021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you use a capo, this is the one to get. If you've ever wondered why all the pros use this capo -- get one for yourself, and see (and feel) why. It's quick, easy, sure, secure, and doesn't get in the way of your fretting hand. Is there anything else you'd want from a capo?

7894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Um, if you're looking for budget violin strings, then you probably aren't playing principle violin in the New York Philharmonic. Me neither. I'm an abhorrent violinist, but I teach Mariachi Band to elementary school students. On my el cheapo violin, these strings sound quite nice. I would give them 5 stars, but I think that would be overselling them a bit. They're fine. If you're looking for 5 star strings, you're going to have to pay more-and ask someone who plays better than I do to review them for you.
2705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my friend, he loves it.
8702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pick.
5076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use capo. Its my goto cap. I like that I don't have to worry about it damaging my fretboard. It is also nice to that you can move it quickly.
5390	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best guitar cable for bass and guitars, the sound is incredible, my guitar has a better sound. I'm very satisfied with this one. I recommend this pickup.
This machine has all your rhythm needs.. You can program a song beat for beat or jam along to the many cool patterns they have.. Also its important to note you can adjust the tempo on all of them so the possibilities are endless. This machine is so simple to use. It could be a great gift for starting musicians and just about anyone who's a creator.
I do own Shubb capos which are excellent as well, but the convenience of the Kyser capo makes it my go-to capo.  And-- I like the variety of colors-- the white one is my favorite!
7135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best Tonebar I have ever used.
5705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	well made.looks cool. priced right. perfect fit for EPI. Les Paul.
I've been using my iPhone and GarageBand for performing but I may go back to the Alesis as I had much easier control over the tempo, and start-stop  especially with a BOSS extended pedal (BOSS FU-5????).
9682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these heads... Always have. They have a great "deep" tone with extremely well controlled ring, but still have tons of attack. If you're a basher like me, you'll love these heads. Just put them on, tune them up, and play away! They sound awesome right "out of the box".
You won't regret this one!
3353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Impressive at first sight. Solid construction, delicate interior. My recently purchased Ovation Elite TX 1778-5 fits perfectly. The only flaw: A single key, no spare.
7460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i just want to say for beginners you don't need an expensive pickup to play your guitar, concentrate on the sound effects because 80% of the sound comes from sound effects, we use these kind of pickups with walls(amplifiers that are staked up and cover the whole wall) then you will see the big difference.
4329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Only used on my kids uke which is a [first act] toy but these made it legit, and actually fun for me to play; not pretend. I prefer aquila as they feel tighter.



1398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good solid cable with no problems. When I'm on stage, I like a longer cable but at practice I don't need all the extra length tangleing up on everything...
1822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as cable between pedals...no issues
Shubbs are also well regarded.  They clip on when you lock them.
2924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great for the Cardio Step teacher
I loved it when I first got it, but after about 2 months of ownership, I started getting a constant hiss sound out of it. I was using it for home recording, and every track I record with it has that hiss in the background. Nothing happened to it that could have caused it to get damaged, so I have to assume it's just poor quality.
8395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	really like these will order more...wish they had larger packages...nice and thick...enjoy
8594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great, priced great, what more can you ask?
6967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for 40 years and tried all types of picks. These are my favorite for several reasons -  Primarily for the tone off the strings. Smooth and Natural.
Basically went to a music store years ago and grabbed one of everything and stuck with these ever since, around 2008
9722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice picks.  They stay put in my fingers.
Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
1272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a Guitar cable, nothing more, nothing less, and it works. It was all I needed and am pleased with it.
CFH
7035	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Garbage.
2720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've just got the Shure SM58 microphone.

4115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sticks. Well made, straight, and hickory. Everything you need in a stick. American made to boot, what more could you want!
457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does what is expected of it.  The cord is nice and flexible.

The thumb rest on the bass just seemed to detract from the aesthetic appeal, and got in my way when moving down a string.  I find it's just as easy to rest your thumb on the pickup when playing the E string.  Although it can be removed easily and in short order with an average-sized Phillips screwdriver, it leaves kind of unsightly screw holes behind, that had low-laying, somewhat jagged edges.  I filed that down carefully with some sandpaper, and it's now fine.  If there's anything I have against the bass, it's the thumb rest.  Since it's removable, it's really no big deal.  Just making note of it.
1612	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I video  at places and need the audio feed from the main board, sometimes they're the wrong gender.  This fixes that.
7254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always buy high quality reeds.
7224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Lap Dawg has great feel and seems to have just the right weight to make your lap steel sing!

9540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	72!!!
4916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fits perfect over my m-audio axiom air 61 keyboard because of draw string (keyboard is mostly white I want it to stay that way).  I am happy with this purchase..
9479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works
8763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gives a warmer, mellower sound to my Seagull Grand parlor sized guitar.  Takes away some excessive brightness.  Easy on the fingers for kids, beginners and softies.  If that's what you're after, it's worth a try.
5950	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	4 latches (1 on the back) with one of them acting as a lock. Comes with two keys. Inside is soft as the fit is tight, and even though I wish I could get it in a different color for this price, it still looks pretty good in person.
9653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed. No issues. Thanks!
1410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have only used it a few times but it does the job and at a reasonable price
9591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect !
4140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does a great job reducing the popping sounds. Works well with my Blue Bluebird mic.
8599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks.

8227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great pics.
9066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Warm, fat, and very versatile. You really can't go wrong with one of these in the neck position. One of the classic aftermarket neck pickups. Seymour Duncan has excellent wiring diagrams on their website. If you can figure out which end of a soldering iron gets hot, you can install one. I paired one with a SD 59' Combo at the bridge on a 93' Samick-built Epiphone G-400 and the sound is phenomenal. Highly recommended!
817	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine. Is durable
4280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does what it says reliably, but it's glass so it is fragile. After trying it on a moistened new wooden reed, it easily restored to flatness needed for the reed to seat on the table of the mouthpiece without squeaks. This may be less noticeable with the hard rubber mouthpieces, since they're somewhat 'flexible', but it really shows up on metal mouthpieces.
6365	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to play, lovely sound. Thank you!

5675	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When you record singing, you need this to prevent the pop sound. It is definitely worth it. It also makes you looks professional.
8683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use Evans G2 Coated for my snare and toms. Great tone, great durability!
2444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
7787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I received this case with the beautiful clarinet I purchased from my professor when he retired.  This is THE case for a clarinet.  You can pop a little music inside the case.,  The clarinet fits perfectly,  Unlike the smaller aftermarket cases, this one does NOT tip over  if someone sneezes nearby which is something you want to avoid at all costs.  I fit all sorts of accessories inside the case, and then there are outside spaces as well for larger items.  In fact, it holds so much it is easy to overload, so periodically I remove items to make it weigh less.  If I were in the market for a case, this is the ONLY one I would consider.  The smaller ones may cost less, but this is the real value item.
I will definitely it for Kids. And see what happens hope they will like it.

6467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So I wanted the best clamps, and decided on these "Heavy Duty" ones.  They are crazy strong and heavy... you may not need something this tough.  I bet most everyone can get away with using the lighter duty clamps by Chauvet.  Although, I'm very happy with them, you might be able to save money with the cheaper ones.  You can also just buy bolts with wing nuts at your local Hardware store and use these with the same outcome.
I've played this cymbal on sets and I'm tempted to sell my precious 22" ride and get one of these, but the older Avedis just seems to improve with age, so I won't.
I tried some other carts first based on the reviews I read (against this cart) but returned all of those without any hesitation, if it doesn't sound good *I do not want it*...  basically tho, I learned that most scratching needles sound like crap, and what sounds good -jumps.  So I was going to get one of each but decided to try the WHLB first.
3727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	...product, great price.
1901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For everyday home purpose these works fine but I would not bring them in a pro studio
5158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not as good as the SILENT Mogami W2524 Guitar Cable 1/4 Neutrik TS Mono Straight Plugs.  You have to manually press a button to set the cutoff. They are less expense than the Mogami/Neutrik cables which is a plus.
I have uploaded a video review that is hopefully more informative and demonstrative of this system and its performance. Please take a look at it if you have the time, it might help you with your purchase decision.
8909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a good warm attack sound, this is your new batter head. I've had so many compliments since I switched from using a G2 clear to the coated for my floor tom. Although, I just heard a friend's kit tuned up with some G2 clears that sounded so..... well, clear! ... that it made me want to switch back.
I plan on upgrading to a Gibson Les Paul in the future, one can never have too many guitars! LOL!
259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to use with an old Yamaha SPX90. It works great. My only complaint is that it only has one function. It would have been better if there was a way to go forward AND back but that is more an issue with the SPX90 design than this pedal. The chord could also be longer.

I would highly recommend this cable as it does what it says it will and gets rid of that accidental POP when you unplug. You get a really nice tone with it, no tone coloring or hum. It does a fine job when used in a recording setting, but a even better job in a live setting. The more I use this cable when I'm playing live, the more I'm loving it. Sure I love my Mogami with the Nuetrik Silent Plug jack. As for a quality to price ratio, the Planet Waves is an incredible value. With a lifetime warranty, excellent tone, no hum, and durability. I say get one today and never look back.
6676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good or better than expected. Have 4 electric guitars can now take this one with me in confidence that it's protected.

9253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
8488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every thing was perfect!
955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Serves the purpose well for home use, like plugging into a computer or practice amp. Quality seems good so far.
7789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice sticks for a quiter drum beat. I remember watching a long ago nirvana's drummer using them on their acoustic set and wanted to see how they feel. A must have stick for any drummer to have in his stick bag.
- The construction of the bag is excellent, with heavy-duty stitching throughout.
9424	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most interesting, different heads I've used.  It appears to be clear at first glance, but actually it has several "bubbles" all over the surface.  I must clarify, they are not actual bubbles that are raised at all; the surface is smooth as any drumhead.  There are just some air pockets in the oil layer between the plies, which is intentional and is not a defect.  Weird, but not a bad thing.  The sound?  Warm, with short sustain.  A Remo Diplomat this is most definitely not.  Almost a "thick" sound, IMO.  Very 70's arena rock.  Though I like the sound, I found it was a bit hard to get a definite tuning pitch.  On the upside, however, I found that I didn't need to use Moongels, O-Rings, or any other dampener on my it.  Another plus: it is as tough as nails.  I've beat the crap out of this head and it still sounds the same as day one.  Jazzers should stay away, but for rock, blues, and bar band drummers, this head is great.
4232	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It Does The work. It is NOT The most proffesional filter out there.
4469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	a bit mellow but like a lot
Turns out it works flawlessly with my 2 digital processors as both a volume and expression (wah, trem, etc.).
9274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lasted longer than my 2-ply bass head, though 8 months isn't saying much. Sounded good, pretty easy to put on. It did it's job, and that's what I expected. I don't know it could have done any better.
I started looking at studio quality headsets when I discovered that my Steelseries gaming headset was starting the die (the cord was, once again, causing loss of sound in one ear piece and the microphone no longer worked). I would have normally stayed with the steelseries and bought a new one, but then I looked at the price for a v1 headset - it has not gone down once in the four years I have owned this model (actually a replacement for the same model) and remains at $60 or so. A new v2 headset is even more expensive and still has the same problems (non-removable cord, internal mic included, which is rather tiny).

4602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Patriotic Capo used by veteran with group ... Guitars for Veterans!
451	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly what I was after. I have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. Before I used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. I highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.
First of all, it is a beauty. Initially, I was a little disappointed in that very little wood grain shows through the orangish finish. (My guitar was made in China, which may account for the darker hue.) I thought I had wanted a lighter color, but the more I look at it the happier I am with what I have. Second, this instrument is no light-weight, either in heft or playability. It is solidly constructed, very well put together, and plays like a dream. (I lowered the action until I encountered some fret buzz, then backed off the adjusting screws just a bit; that's basically the only adjustment I've made, or likely will make.)
7315	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	People either really seem to love or hate this pedal. Haters tend to call it cold and sterile sounding. I suppose that compared to a vintage Boss CE-1 or EHX Small Clone, the tone of the CH-1 is not as lush or liquid (sorry, probably the two most over-used adjectives when it comes to chorus) sounding. I don't think that's the tone the designers of this pedal were going for, though. To me, the CH-1 sounds best for adding a little extra thickness and dimension to clean tones rather than slathering on the chorus effect. The CH-1, in my experience, blends very well with distortion, which makes it a great choice for lead work and getting those cool mid-era Alex Lifeson Rush tones.

6749	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAAA++++++++++thanks
6338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks for years and years have been the 1.0 mm Tortex picks.  The Ultex feel better and provide better action.  Give these a try!
6009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a classic and still built like a tank. Everything from grunge to fuzz depending on your gain and guitar volume settings. I'd highly recommend a wall plug, however.
Also, there's a very cool interplay going on between the "Distortion" knob and the "Gain Boost" knob.  Turning up only the Gain Boost actually creates a more vintage/overdriven sound.  It's punchy, but not super saturated.  The Distortion knob seems to dial in the more saturated heavy gain settings targeting nu metal and other modern players.  But neither of those options sound "metal" - this is a rock pedal through and through.
I'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. The product description says 6 inches, right? If you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PGXKC8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) The Hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. I only used the Hosa cable as an emergency back up.
Immediately apparent was the increased clarity, depth, spatial separation, and eventually came the greater warmth.  It was sufficient off the bat, but I found (and have read others have had the same experience) that some time in, it gets the groove (pun intended) and shows its true colors.  I can say this was the case for me, and as long as you keep it clean with a stylus cleaner you will have a very pleasant experience.
Set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.
9268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome, a little hard to put over strings because i have horrible upper body strength! lol but very sturdy and lightyears better than my last capo! you will not regret it!
After using these reeds for a while I became less content with their reliability, after having several broken-in reeds behave erratically during performances. While they are good reeds, and can produce an excellent tone, I've moved on to synthetic reeds, which I find work significantly better and more reliably for me. 56 Rue Lepic reeds are definately worth a look, but they're not perfect for me,
5428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These things are okay. They sound and feel great when I first put them on. Been using them for a few years now. I've broken my E string tuning with my tremolo a few times, and they seem to go dead after about a few weeks to a month of constant playing. These are definitely better than the Cobalts, which rusted for me within a few days, but I may end up trying some D'Addarios, on my Ernie Ball MusicMan guitar, in the future.
4088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son is in 7th heaven with these sticks. The sound is much better and he seem to control the beat much better. In his words these sticks rock...
5202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was a great buy. I purchased 2 for my home. We have several instruments and sometimes change out during a session. I will definitely order more for the band room/ live performances. The circuit breaker button works flawlessly and the quality of the cord is top notch. . The price was a great value as well. I'm a big fan of Planet Waves cords. I have some of the other style instrument cords and speaker cables, too.
8235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for reso heads (havent tried as beaters) gives a rich, full tone. Very pleased.
1927	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm just jumping on the over 50 bandwagon and rekindling my days with albums. I got a turntable at a garage sale for an absolute steal and the needle snapped into place perfectly. Time to break out some old Floyd and Zepp.
3026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Wooooweeeee this is powerful. It is pretty big and the light is gives off is massive. You won't regret getting this.
7766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Unbreakable and inexpensive Capo.  Enjoy!

If  budget is a concern, you could look at a GLS Audio ES-57. It's a nice mic and will do a good job. However, if you record the identical signal with both microphones, you'll see the GLS is a little louder, and also somewhat spiky by comparison to the Shure SM57 which is slightly compressed and much more even. You can SEE and HEAR the difference. The $36 GLS Audio mics are pretty good, but the Shure SM57 is better.
9138	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent

3394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sleek and lightweight at  6.2lbs or 2.7kg.  Quality construct of durable waterproof outer reinforced nylon and robust contoured foam lined in lush blue velvet.

4842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	PRO:

1813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected from Hosa another great product.  Solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone.
The low tone knob allows you to really controll how heavy u want it to sound.
Dimensions:
better sound to work with at the board---It is simple to "darken" a too-bright sound with
 I'm sold on the Ultimate stands - They fold nicely for carrying yet don't take up much space at all when opened. In fact I keep mine opened and ready to hold a guitar in my music room. These are nice stands that I highly recommend. I would not trust my guitars to a lesser stand.
Overall, I am very happy with this purchase!
6863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These clamps work fin on most larger diameter tubes. If you try to use them on a light stand, they're too wide for the mast, but not by much. You might need to find some sort of metal cap to go over the bolt so it can get a firm grip on tube diameters slightly smaller than what the clamp is designed for.
i contacted D'addario, teck said they were aware of problem
7840	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great basic capo for a guitar.
how good the sounds that were coming out of my baritone uke.
787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+
2990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality screws, was surprised by the quality of the screws and washers.  I would most definitely recommend these above other brands

6943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Plink, plang, plunck
5010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, exactly what I beeded
Because the product is very good .
9913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Capo looks great and does the job. It does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions.
1756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are good
3499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
7098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I now use this amazing drum machine as my default effect engine for my live gigs. I use a DrumKat 3.0 as drum pads thru Midi and it just sounds great. So flexible and easy to program. I'm very happy with my purchase. I had the SR16 in the past but this one is even better. The only thing I would change is the position of the volume knob.
21	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought this as a starter kit for my daughter who wanted to learn how to play.  For the money, it is a great way to start and comes complete with all components well constructed.
This microphone is great for Vocalist that sit in that low and mid range very heavily and have plenty of boom to their voice because of the low end role inside the microphone. This add clarity pre-effect, which is very important, because the less work you do console side almost always results in a better result.
5141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The exact dimensions of this cover are 59.1 x 23 x 7 inches, making it a loose fit over my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Roland-RD-300NX-Digital-Piano/dp/B004KCLX8W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Roland RD-300NX Digital Piano</a>&nbsp;which measures 57.125" long x 16.125" wide x 5.75" High. For a complete list of boards which are known to be compatible with this cover go to the manufacturer's site at gatorcases, locate this product page and download the cross-reference document.
660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If you go with Amazon Prime membership, this is a great example of how it benefits you as a buyer. Free two day shipping, and a working product, delivered within the time stated, received in good working order. I change my musical configuration a lot and having a set of good midi cables is very important.
On my Ludwig Keystone kit (oak & maple shells) & Pearl Export Select kit I use coated G2's on top, clear G1's on reso side (toms), EMad on batter and reso on bass drums, coated ST on snare batter, Hazy 300 on reso side. (wood snare 2.3mm hoops)
keyboards well.)
1179	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Been using these since i got them. I have no issues with them thus far. Standard 1/4" instrument cable.


2201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cartridge for the same reasons many others here did- I was having fits trying to deal with inner groove distortion on used vinyl purchases that I've been ripping to ProTools as 24/96 wav's and DVD-Audio discs. My set up for this job is a Denon DP-45f turntable running straight through an amazing 1975 vintage Marantz 3600 preamp that's been completely refurbished to original specs, then to the ProTools inputs with custom made Mogami cables by ProLA Audio. My previous (other) cartridge is a Denon DL110 high output moving coil (also purchased a few months ago for this labor of love)
599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not sure how long it will last but it works

It works great for my bass guitars.
4001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a good banjo capo.  Inexpensive  and it works well without squeezing the strings out of tune. End of story
1456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a musician/DJ, I wanted to expand my cable/adapter arsenal, ordered this for those weird situations in live sound application.  Works as advertised and appears to be well-built!

8756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my go to pick.  Excellent
5342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My bass had original-equipment Dunlops on it, but they were silver-tone, whereas all my other hardware is gold.  And after 30 years, they looked kind of dirty and tarnished.  So, I knew it was time for a new gold set, and I couldn't be happier with their look and quality.  I have used that other S-brand on other instruments, and really prefer the Dunlops.
3363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great wrap, great grip. Played multiple gigs and didn't break my stick or drop them! Tape stood up great! My number one choice for stick wrap!
9417	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes the best capos.  This orange one just has a little more character than standard black.  Love it
The only thing I did was put new pickups in it only cuz Im a huge EMG fan and have EMG pickups in all my guitars so of course I put some in this one and I put different inlays on it cuz I'm not a fan of dots lol but before I did any of that its an Awesome guitar before and a must have!!
EDIT: I've recently come up with a modification that brings the "banjitar" a little closer to a true banjo playing style. My local music store sells individual loop-end strings, and I was able to have the repair tech switch out the two thickest strings (E and A) for high strings (I used 11 and 16 gauge, same as the high E and the B). It is still tuned like a guitar but now in a sort of re-entrant tuning, which lets me do something resembling Scruggs-style banjo rolls between the high strings on either end. I know a handful of other people online have done this -- just a thought!
4897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had these on instruments since the original Straplok System which was later purchased by Dunlop.  The old and new are of the same excellent quality over all these years.
6549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought a cheap Target capo once and all it did was make the strings buzz after a couple uses. Kyser makes a great product. I bought a black one for myself that I've used for years and now picked up a pink one for my girlfriend since she has started playing a tad. Bonus points for the color assortment.
sounds like thunder, They really rock a Ludwig Vistalite  set.
2695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like it, got it fast and it is just the right length for my at home personal use.  Thanks for getting it to me so fast, and I recommend going through the vendor I received this from it works great.
3265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	yeah, it is so worth it... It gives you really low lows... and you can understand everything when you sing high .. wow best mic ever!


7649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I save a lot of money purchasing these on Amazon.  My daughter likes the vandoren brand because they give her better sound.
9516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's great.  It gets the job done, which is protecting the head from damage.  It doesn't seem to affect the sound much if at all.  I like it better than the competitors' versions.
Batteries seem to last forever with this thing.  I'm amazed at the battery life, to be honest.
6157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Capo works as described. It's easy to place on the guitar looks stylish as it's color matches the guitar. It delivers great sound also.
4646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using this for a Yamaha Montage 88 key, and it juuuusst fits.

High pitched buzzing noise, regardless of channel 1 or 2!
3561	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	in my honest opinion these are the best 12 string strings available to us as human beings.  Maybe on some far away planet they have 12 string strings better than the Martins... but who cares... that is some far away planet.
3975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sounds OK.  9.5 gauge helps with ease of bending but not as loose as a gauge 9. Will help with  people with smaller fingers.
7278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound good, came early, and are fairly easy to tune. So go on ahead and buy these, you cant go wrong.

1446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price.  I have absolutely no complaints.  This is my first experience with the brand and I am not disappointed.
7788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for over 50 years and have never come across a clarinet case that offered so much protection and carrying capacity as this one. It is also the largest single clarinet case I have ever seen but it offers capacity for sheet music, accessories and personal items that allow you to leave a second bag at home. The build quality is exceptional. Everything is well padded with firm material; the zippers and hardware are high-quality throughout. If you don't mind the size, which is larger than the standard cases out there, you and your clarinet will be very pleased.
7544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Instantly made my cheap violin sound like a not so cheap violin. I mean, a cheap violin is not going to have great sound quality but these strings made a huge improvement.

6741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? Although I do have a G7th performance capo in one of my guitar cases (which is an amazing capo, by the way), I keep a Kyser capo in EVERY one of my guitar cases. I have been using Kyser capos for years and have never been disappointed. Need a capo? Go with Kyser, you won't be sorry!
So, while my opinion of these were of returning them when I first got them, I no longer feel that way. Some tweaking helped quite a bit. I have also read that headphones usually "improve" with some "burn-in", and while I do not know if that is true, I do like the sound better now that I did when I first tried them on. I initially had the opinion of returning them, but with some comfort tweaking I decided I am going to keep them.
4374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
2056	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff I've used it for years professionally.
1597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job - well!
5003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only strap locks I use.  Admittedly, I've never tried any others personally.  But have never had/wanted to.
5128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It fits my Yamaha DGX520 piano very well. At first I was very annoyed at the fact that Amazon messed up yet another order and sent me the wrong size, but they promptly sent me a replacement and took back the wrong one, no problem.
2848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These sound good right out of the package. Build quality is good.  The clarity is there, and the bass is present without overtaking everything else.
5540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very large, but very sturdy and the price is excellent compared to other companies' cases that I've seen, which are more expensive and don't protect stage pianos as well.  Would definitely recommend and buy again if I needed another case.
I like them because they make picks bigger, and smaller, than 1.0 mm.  They are smooth, but don't slip and slide around.  Best pick I have found.

However the major pain point for me was the weight - its listed at 8.8 pounds on the amazon website - however it felt more like 15 pounds (heavier than my SKB 4214W) - so i checked the product packaging - it says the net weight as 8 KILOS and gross as 10 kg. So there is definitely an error from amazon's end.
8738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great picks

4952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	same old reliable straplocks...they work great
4316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ukulele sounds better now that I replaced the 5 year old strings, sadly it did not make me a better player.
7822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised. Good price
8347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I stumbled onto these by accident at a small music store that does well to have picks. I bought them and put them on my National Style O resonator which I play with bare fingers. The sound and the ease of playing was drastic. The sound is clear and the volume fantastic. My fingers slide off of the slightly slippery coating with ease and although it may be wishfull thinking, I think I play faster with fewer mistakes. I would recommend these to anyone who plays and accoustic. For myself, I won't be buying anything else for awhile. A word of caution though, allow some extra length when winding these up on the machine head, as they are coated and slippery and need and extra wrap or two on the pegs to keep them from slipping.

4986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	work great and easy to release unlike other brands I have used
2812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always prefer getting Shure cables to use with a Shure microphone; this is high quality cable. I rate this a five star product.
139	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	If you read this it means you in the same point where I had been some time ago and I hope my advise will help you as much as the same advise had helped to me.
6379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the pick attack with these.  I have used almost everything out there over 20 years of playing and have settled on this pick as my go-to choice for acoustic guitar.

I have three different kind of Jazz III picks:
741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The cable is of good quality wire, and the connectors are well constructed. Very simply, this connector will not introduce hum or noise into your setup. Highly recommended.

With these mics, feedback is a lot harder to come by and the voices actually CUT through the mix so they don't have to be THAT much louder than the instruments (MORE GUITAR! YAY!). There's a reason why these are considered to be industry-standard. They are a little bit of an investment, but not near as much other equipment I buy. This is totally worth it. If you're on the fence for a mic upgrade, go for it. You won't be disappointed.
5547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great case works perfect for our needs. easy to handle
5007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A little difficult to get on at first, but once you get the hang of it, no problem.  No black flakes or residue mentioned in some reviews...
1995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I think it is superior to the SM58... just my opinion. It sounds sweeter and more open to my ears. And it is $10 cheaper!

8506	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play finger bass. That's how I learned. Then saw a video on expanding my skills to add the unique tone you get with a pick. Tried lots of them. Never comfortable, but achieved that pick tone. This Big Stubby is it. Comfortable and just right for bass. The croove in the pick makes it easy to hold and not slip. It's the only one for me now.

500	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The metal connectors have a quality look. They are also pretty flexible. Now that I see how nice these are I won't bother with anything cheaper. Get them, you'll be happy.
6895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo was sent quickly and was cheaper even with shipping and handling then the ones I could purchase in my hometown.  It was quick and worked great.

1905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cable has worked great, cleaned up my cable setup slightly. Highly recommended as a cost effective option. The ends are very nice in quality.
Doesn't automatically save.  If you're editing a pattern, song or kit and you turn off the machine without saving, your work is lost.  It should save your work automatically and perhaps provide an undo function if you need to reverse any mistakes

1741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good for the price
6880	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Chauvet in my esimation has pobably the best lights on the market. I have purchased seven lights, four different types along with the tripod and truss system. And these clamps are the best that I've seen and the grip is awesome for all of my lights. These can't be beat for the price and the quality material that they're made of. I actually ordered three more last night. Go Chauvet keep doing what you do.
38	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't believe this little gem. I ordered one for my wife sort of as a joke but after a week she was strumming songs on the guitar without the Chordbuddy. Last Sunday night, five weeks later, we had a picking at our church and she played along with us for two hours.
4724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am editing my previous review on this little guitar after taking the time to properly set it up, dial it in and play it for a while.  I edited yet again as someone didn't appreciate my "gloating" over other guitars I own.  Sorry to offend YOU.
Transmitter range is awful!
In fact AFAICT, the gauges are identical to a D'Addario EXL120+ set.
1606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this adapter for church system because the old power amps which don't have XLR plugs. It works fine at this time. I would recommend to others.
153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. This isn't their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. You cant go wrong with Monster Cables.
Materials:

3006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It was just the right size.
Cons:
13	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Haven't open this yet. Cannot wait to see my son's face on Christmas Day when he opens it!
5269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PW make great products for all aspects of playing. I love these cables so I can tune without having to change my presets, just push the button out and all is quiet.

5649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Most beautiful capo I have ever seen. 100% authentic,  packaging and all. Can't beat the price. Would order again.
6760	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	user friendly and good quality material
Cheers ><>
8288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great piece and price!!
2863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	SOUND -
6101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am laughing to myself reading some of these reviews - I have been playing for 47 years and survived the Arbiter Fuzz Face, (yes, I had one) which to me sounded a lot like an amp with a blown speaker. Anything the industry has come out with since then has been an improvement.
I've had these Monster cables for about a month so far and they seem great... Flexible but sturdy!
1201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ran out of room on my 10 channel mixer. I needed to hook up one extra mic. This Y jack XLR did the trick.
879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this cable because I couldn't find any of my old cables. The 90 degree guitar jack is always a plus, and the tweed jacket is timeless. It doesn't twist or tangle nearly as much as most cables, and for the price, you really can't beat it. I've been playing through this cable now for several months with no issues whatsoever. I highly recommend it - you're not going to find another 18ft guitar cable of this quality for less than $20.
The neck is nice and slim. It doesn't stay in tune as well as I'm sure an expensive pro guitar would, but it's not terrible. Again I think it works impressively well for the low low price.
8876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just the right thing to consolidate my collection of wired mics. I agree with other reviewers, the top padding is a little thin and the bag a little shallow; the mic windscreens stick up and might be prone to damage. But I'm not shipping or doing a lot of lugging around so will be fine for my use.
461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Typical quality. Not outstanding.
7611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This one finally holds my harmonicas including my Super Chromatic.
The back lighted display is very helpful, although some of the buttons are difficult to read when not in good lighting. I am using this machine live on stage and it's working out well.

Also, the sound quality is insanely great and accurate. I have been using these recently to monitor recordings . These are more revealing than any speakers ever will be. Last saturday I recorded a harpsichord. I had 2 pairs hooked up to the recording station, including these. The other was a Sony 700DJ heapdhone. The Sony's sounded really dead. Like something was off. Too much bass, not enough treble. There was no mistaking the accuracy of the playback of the AKG, since I was sitting right next to the instrument and performer. It was almost like the real thing.
3118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great stand! No complaints at all.
Nice attack but not clicky/spiky.
Works great for what I needed it for.
6787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect.  Two amps at the same time is bliss.
1539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these for about 3 weeks now - they are strong but flexible and don't seem to develop kinks or bending "habits" if you roll them up the proper way.
1710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to connect my IOS device running guitar amp modeling software to one of my combo amps.  Works as expected.
7819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	used them for years
1088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well build
9795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The perfect pick. I'm happy because it's not easy find this in Mexico
2035	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	suits me needs well
6163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these now never let me down yet,a good price and I feel they are a quality piece
6153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only thing that would make this better is if it had a metronome and the power button was on the top instead of on the back. Incredibly loud for its size.
9542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	evans heads sound best to me, just find the one you need that's enough to deaden the ring to your liking
The telelock is very durable.  The telelock makes the speaker easy to telescope higher or lower.
4629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Do yourself a favor and save your guitar, buy these great guitar savers. I have them on every guitar I own.
5318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cable with a switch. It doesn't get better than this. I have always hated plugging in the cable to the guitar and all the noise associated with it. Push the switch and no more noise. Also, if the cable gets a short just remove the end (a small screw) cut it past the break, reattach the end tighten the screw and voila you are back in business. No more soldering ends and praying it works. I would rate it 10 stars if I could. I am convinced it has saved it price in cheaper cords.
Buy em!!!!
2109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
I am reviewing this microphone from the viewpoint of a filmaker, and using it on tables at press conferences ... if that may make a difference.
5483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good sound, nice fit in hand(s).  All reeds appear to work properly.  I don't know what else to say.  I won NaNoWritMo this year, though.  They had a minium word count, too.
6996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used this capo since I started seriously playing guitar. It is easy and quick to change and durable. This is the second one I buy because the first one broke after six years of use (this is because I live in a very humid country and didn't oil it). If you want a good capo, buy it.
6594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this capo it's easy to use and adjust and fits in you pocket.
9817	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS COLOR! AHHHHHH :D :D :D
9625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These patches will greatly extend the life of you bass drum heads. Even if you use felt beaters on your kick pedal these pads greatly increase the strength and toughness of your bass drum head in the exact place it is needed most. As far as I can tel these do not change the sound of your head much if at all. They stay exactly where you put them so be sure to get it right the first time.
5349	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a capo. Better than most but still just a capo.

6129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is a fun little practice amp, and I agree with the praise it gets. The positives have been covered so I'll point out a few (minor) things I don't like.
226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid and quality product.
7009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good

4147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pop filter. Mine has stayed in good condition in the 3+ years I've owned it
9056	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	It was too small for my Shure microphones!
Would recommend to a friend.
3725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was really surprised when I got this, how heavy it is.  I knew it was all-metal, but still, it's built like a tank.  It is a classic, and you've heard this pedal used on many classic albums.  You can take the bottom off, and adjust the sweep on it really easy.  Just look up how to do it on Youtube.  It doesn't require any tools besides a screwdriver to take the bottom off.  You'll want to get an adapter if you don't already have one, because nine volt batteries get expensive fast and are bad for the environment.  They could have made the battery holder a little better.  It's hard to get the battery back out.  With my Mustang combo amp, this was the only pedal I needed, because it already emulated pretty much everything else in the amp's software.  Great combination, the two.  There are a couple other pedals I considered, The Bad Horsie sounds really good, too, with true bypass, but when I found out that if you took your foot off, it quit, that was a dealbreaker.  The Vox is really close, and Vox did invent the wah, but the crybaby just has a certain sound that gives it an edge, but it's a matter of taste.  Some people claim that it sucks the tone out of their guitar, but I can't tell any difference.  Robin Trower has a wooden block that he sticks in it to set it at just the right spot for 'Bridge Of Sighs'.  If it's good enough for Trower, it's certainly good enough for me!
I will be trying a lot more of these. Dunlop makes great picks and these really give great control.
Definitely worth the price of admission, and they hold their resale value quite well.
3268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price for a used shure beta 87A.  My fear was that it would be a fake/copy but  after testing it & comparing with an existing 87A it sounds great and is authentic.
808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very dependable high quality music cable that's highly durable and flexible. Prior to this I had a very high dollar fender cable that wasn't as flexible and durable and broke with a few weeks. I've had this Hosa for a few months doing the exact same thing the fender cable was doing and to my surprise,  the Hosa is not only hanging in there, but it doesn't even seem to be no where's tired. HOSA PRODUCES HIGH QUALITY DEPENDABLE CABLES
3714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't you find yourself saying that sometimes? Well, this one was for me! Great invention, I love it! Works well on ANY instrument!
9707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does everything a cap should.


Overall, this is an excellent wired headset that does a competent job with vocals in small venues. If you use SM58s you have a good idea about the sound characteristics, so that is not going to require much of an adjustment. Plus this mic is built to withstand a heavy gigging schedule (we use the original box to store it.) The latter is one of the main reasons why I awarded this headset five stars.
121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my daughter so she could practice over the summer.  She loves it!  It's good quality and the pouch that it comes in is perfect.
Go to a hardware store and buy #6 x 1" oval-head stainless steel replacement screws. Note that these won't fit properly, but they are the closest match and can be modified. (They are 21 cents each at my local stores, and would have cost Dunlop maybe 10 cents more in bulk than what they paid for the crap screws that come with this.)
- Comfortable for a few hours, more due to it's lightness than construction.
7140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice sounds. Pretty simple to operate

6396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This model is a beginning model for a serious student.  It is solid, very well crafted and comfortable.  Having seen other high-end recorders this model compares well for materials and sturdiness but is not technically as finessed.  I still love it.  It has a nice mellow sound and feels great to use.  I am very glad I got it, well worth the cost, which I consider quite reasonable.  If I ever feel that this recorder is limiting me I'll go to a performance model, but I am only playing to entertain myself so I expect this will be a lifetime instrument for me and I expect I'll use it several times per week for that period of time.

1520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item exactly as described and delivered very quickly.

7741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son purchased and liked this item.
5420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The tightening screw is a little cheezy but it works well and is easy to position where you need it.
Now that all that is out of the way. I really love this capo even if it only lasts a year or two it holds on tightly to my guitar strap. And also went on the guitar body the capo takes up little to no room allowing you full use around the capo. I hope this helped and heed my warning.
5714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great.  spring is a little tight and needs loosening up.

To me, there are 3 major factors to consider when choosing/purchasing guitar strings; tone, feel and longevity.  You can have a great sounding guitar string, but if it tarnishes and rusts out inside of a week (much like D'addario's do), then they're really just a waste of money.  Likewise, you can have strings that hold out for ages, but if they sound like crap (like Elixers and SIT's...terrible strings), again, what's the point?  And obviously, no one wants to use guitar strings that feel like barbed wire!  LOL!  So that said, as a person who currently owns over 20 guitars (at one time my collection was over 40), I go through -A LOT- of guitar strings...I KNOW guitar strings...and I've found Boomers to have the best over-all combination of those three factors - tone, feel and longevity.  The fact that their affordable, in my book at least, is just icing on the cake!

1874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great price. i would recommend it to anyone needing patch cables for their peddle board. very flexable and pretty good quality

2013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had contemplated buying Shure Sm58's but the e835's equal the job. I use several of them in live sound settings for acoustic instruments and voice. I am very happy.
281	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works great with my Korg Krome-88 Synth. Just have to hook it up to the foot pedal jack & tweak the global settings in the keyboard.
1413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	i detected no difference in the sound quality of this 20' instrument cable, when compared to an expensive (read: high-quality) cable.
2878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just got the head phones in today. They are definitely worth every penny. They fit and sit well, when adjusted to proper fitting for the individual. I did notice a significant amount of volume change though. I would plug my iPhone 5 head phones directly into my interface. Putting head phone volume all the way up can be quite loud. I tested the AKG's with a rough mix I was working on. I found myself putting levels higher and higher. Until, I noticed that the master track was clipping significantly. I hooked up the iPhone head phones and right away, I could hear the volume difference. I am assuming that I will need a head phone amp/mixer to make levels higher but, I was totally not expecting that from these studio quality head phones. I am not sure if this issue will bug me more as time goes on and end up buying a mixer for head phones. Other than that, very good sound and quality.
4333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings make playing a joy! I am a bass player transitioning to solo acoustic guitar performing. My fingerstyle sounds smoother and more clear and I think that they sound better amplified than any other strings I have tried.
UPDATE:  The Peavey Delta Blues, Classic 30, and Classic 50 all output 30V of power on the footswitch jack.  The resistors used in this footswitch only allow one of the two LEDs to (partially) work.  For full LED fuction, you will need to swap out at least one set of LEDs and resistors.
7041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't know how this can get a bad review, but I see some people have done that. It was $2. It is small but playable, more of a novelty, but I put it in the case with my other harps. Two bucks. Did you really expect to play "Midnight Rambler" on this thing?
its one of the best microphones I've come across.
8741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
Shure M44-7 cart with this stylus is AMAZING.
Cons:
---- Gig bag (when traveling)...$30
6704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not sure why you'd expect Neil to put his name on anything sub-par, and these are quite nice.  Good weight and well-finished.
3806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is the first pedal I got (10+ years ago) and it's still in great shape despite some dirt and nicks and scrapes.  Lacks tonal control in my opinion, which is why I will likely go for the 535Q in the near future.  I was going to give it 3 stars but I'm bumping that up to 4 because it's built like a tank, reliable as hell, and I guess I shouldn't take stars off because of something it doesn't have.  It won't be my last wah but it's been a great first one; it works perfectly well and does everything it's supposed to do.  I'd recommend it for people getting into the world of effects pedals, and for people looking to begin understanding what a wah does to the sound of your guitar, but not for people who want more control out of a pedal.
9171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, it's the perfect guitar pick.
8367	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	strong capo, held well!
5958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery, good quality product; Would buy again! Thank you.
8048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
1806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to run a single, mono XLR shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my Tascam DR-40, which saves me a step in post-production.  The quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do.  Good price for a good product.
4390	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work great for the soprano ukulele I ordered for my little boy. The shipping was great, arriving right on time. No complaints here. Would definitely order again.
3984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this thing in 2011, almost 7 years now

6126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
3609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	12 is 6 times 2
I know this is an anti-technical way to use this machine, but it works for me, and I suspect will work for others who don't want to spend all their music time programming a machine, but prefer to play with some reasonable accompaniment that is easy to access.
Thick plastic makes it feel durable, but it's very light weight which makes it easier to play faster (since you aren't using much hand strength and coordination to hold the instrument up).
5735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Twenty years of playing guitar...this is by far the best capo you can buy. I've tried dozens over the years. New, fancy designs etc, etc. Forget it. Keep is simple stupid. Don't even think twice--if you need a capo, buy it!!
7836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this pedal locally during a holiday sale and am impressed with how it sounds with a bass guitar. The simple yet effective knob works great in getting just enough effect through my amp's signal. I also like the depth switch when used with the bass. I can scoop the mids, increase the rate on the pedal and get alot of useable tones. I play a jazz bass and can get tones with just a touch of chrorus to spacey tones with the knob all the way to the right.
2391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Has a great sound and works great hooked up to my BOSS RC-550 looping machine. Totally worth springing extra for the on and off switch vs no switch.
Shame on Amazon, I've done a lot of business with them and this is not acceptable to me or anyone that works hard for their money.
Pretty sure it is not suitable for all styles of playing, e.g. it's not that amazing for strumming, but it's very precise when playing melodies (one or two strings).
716	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this cable to connect my old circa 1980's keyboard to my computer and it works just fine! Like totally awesome dude!
2352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used it the day it arrived for a show.  Performed great and I sounded great as well.
291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a well made high quality pedal so have no doubts on the quality of construction. Yamaha is VERY good.
I haven't used the bass option, so I can't comment on it.  It would be nice if it was off by default, rather than having to turn it off every time I turn on the unit, but that's minor.
The exterior is a hardshell case that seems to be made of wood. The hard shell of this is 1/4" thick and is quite hard. It appears to be wood covered with a leather-like vinyl. Inside is gray plush and the plush is very think (approx. 1") so will delicately protect the beautiful finish on your fine Epiphone dreadnaught guitar. There is a storage compartment that measures about 8"x4" that rests under the neck of the guitar. This case has 5 latches and one lock. Of course, the case comes with a key for the lock. The top of the case has "Epiphone" painted in gold and the pulltab to open the storage door inside is leather and is stamped with "Epiphone".
3973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made especially for instruments as small as a baritone ukelele.


7109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is old, and takes a little of menu diving to get used to it. But that's also the joy of it. It's very old school. Love the sounds it has!
NOTE: As of June 2014 I have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. Do remember
8596	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are awesome.  The Tortex and Ultex may have a better sound, but the Jazz III is fun to play with.  Get one.
Now my novel of a review begins. It is a story filled with discovery, love, bad decisions, regret, hope, reunion, a happy ending, and opens up for the unknown future. I hope you read it all, because I kind of have gone from a total ukulele noob to kind of a more knowledgeable and experience player, and I hope that my review will give you some insight into your own preference of strings.
5877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great...looks great
9060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I always find it interesting the different opinions about products.  Some don't like the sound, others say these wear out in a day (really -- do you play for 24 hours?).  Some say that the grip is good.  Here's my take -- for what it's worth.  I've listened to these with hollow and semi hollow body guitars.  Round and flat wound strings.  My general take is that these picks give a better, fuller, rounder bigger tone overall.  Compared to the tortex style pick material (1 mm for the tortex).  It's a bit hard to determine if the sound comes from the material, thickness or a combination of both.  Also note, I play with the rounded edge, not the tip.  So the grip in the center of these doesn't quite fit my grip style but it's still ok.  I do find that these get slippery faster than the tortex materials if my hands sweat at all.  I've been subjective in my comparisons -- but this is what I've found so far.  I find that they stand out, sound wise, for the guitars I'm currently playing.  The process of finding the "right" pick is never ending and changes over time.  Give these a try and let me know what you think.
6316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	NICE LOOKING STRAP AND NOT LOOKING CHEAP.
9488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Dunlop Tortex picks are perfect for playing my guitar and last for quite awhile.

7867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Basically purchased this pedal for 1 intro to a song my band does.  I love EH pedals and this one is great.  Gives you an amazing analog chorus sounds, sounds very natural.  I now find my self using it to get some amazing feedback tones as well.
4511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings for older fingers
2423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed another mike and the sm58 was the clear winner for the largely interview style work I got it for. I have had buying lots of used stuff on that famous online auction site and never had any problem. This time, I saw 2 sm58's used for about what used singles were going for... top rated (1,000s of five star ratings seller) so I went for that.
That is where some of the resonance comes from, along with the type of pickup, height of those
I also use the wedgie pick sometimes , both are 60mm BUT the wedgie feels way thicker for some reason. These dunlops have the perfect amount of flex for me because i pick pretty aggressively and with the wedgie i tend to pick too hard and string can go out of tune
If you need mic to catch from all around directions not just when held directly in front of mouth try the SHURE omni directional mic the SM11-CN both of these SHURE mics will need a preamp - I used Harbinger L502 - $45-50 available here at Amazon.
Dumb product engineering.
131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this guitar for nearly five years now, and it's been absolutely excellent throughout. As a primarily electric player, I find myself reaching for this guitar much more often than I reach for my much more expensive Seagull entourage rustic steel string acoustic. I have played much more expensive classical guitars, and, though they may feel slightly better, they sound about the same, and offer the same range of tonal possibilities (maybe a true classical guitarist might beg to differ, but for the occasional gipsy kings play along, latin jazz/bossa nova, and Bouree in E minor, it is quite acceptable). It comes rather decently set up out of the box, as I've never had to change a thing, it takes abuse rather well, sounds and looks pretty good, and definitely won't break the bank. It's definitely a guitar that you won't be afraid to take places, and will never regret bringing along if you do. For the beginning guitarist, someone starting out in classical, flamenco, or fingerstyle, or anyone who's looking for a very playable inexpensive instrument to add to their collection, this instrument really fits the bill.
4685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the straplocks that every one would wants. They look great on the guitar. I got these straplocks through Walmart from Musice123, cheaper.

8424	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are called Big Stubby, but they aren't any larger than a standard pick.  But, they are thick and there is very little 'bend'.  The center is slightly concave which allows your thumb and index finger to get a good grip.  I honestly can't say that they are better than most picks.  As with many things in life, it's a matter of personal preference.


6384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the ultex picks for about 7 years now...  I love the feel and sound I get from them.  If only they didn't find their way into the laundry so often!
7988	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Took FOREVER to arrive. Looked great. Then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use.
Thanks for reading, I'd love to see your comments and helpful votes!
1729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	residido satisfactoriamente
All I can say is that the locks are in no way coming off my guitar strap.
4893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Waao! Amazing pedal
1477	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just needed a simple guitar cable to connect to a Behringer V-amp 3 with and this did the trick.  No loose connections and the sound is great.  Looks like a well built cable and for the price it's hard to beat.
4515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	only the best
3576	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
9448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pick has a rough surface, which makes holding onto it easy. Works well
The one bad part is the threads on the back side of this strap will stick to your clothes. Not a horrible thing if you want the guitar to stay in place, but if you want some play in your guitar position this isn't the best thing. Wearing synthetic clothing on stage and you could catch and pull that fabric. It's a shame the back side of this strap wasn't designed as well as the front side.
9996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using this on a 26" kick, along with a Kickport. The best, cleanest sound I have ever gotten from this drum. Easily adjustable, took 20 seconds to install (this is a great opportunity to lube up your lugs, by the way!). Highly recommended.
2661	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality
3058	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just received these today after a very speedy delivery.  I purchased these as used and described as very good.  Let me tell you...WOW...these are excellent...the condition is like new and no one will ever notice that the are refurbs or used. They arrived in very good packaging...the original Alesis carton within a carton...very well protected. This is such a good buy that I can't believe I got these for the price I paid for them!  I've been using AV40s since 2010 and they died on me.  These feel like they will last a lifetime and I hope they do.  Right now I am driving them with an old Sony STR D615 100w receiver and they sound and respond great.  I will probably purchase another studio quality amp at a later date but for now there is no need.  I can hear my mixes more clearly for the first time and already have made some adjustments to them because of the Monitor Ones!  I was unaware of bad mixes using my old monitors.  These also sound good with all other music devices (cd, radio etc).
9645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product!  It affixes nicely to your batter head, and protects the head itself from damage done by the beaters.  It also helps to preserve the beaters for a longer period of time, so that's a win-win situation!  Once applied, the patch can even add a bit more attack to the tone of your bass drum, if you're looking for that extra oomph.
986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really great cable. Perfect length when moving around and offers great sound quality. Highly recommend.
6193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks!!!!! I absolutely love these picks. They have the feel of an old school pick but have better grip. The tone you get off these picks are excellent for strumming, harmonics, sweeps, etc.... It took me a couple of tries to get the size right and ended up going with the .73mm as a personal taste. Considering these are about 5-6 bucks + tax at guitar center for a 10 pack, this comes out to be an incredible deal (Saved around $10) and now I have enough picks to last me at least until the end of the year (or next time I search under all crevices in my house).
1781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! This is my second purchase and I'm sure to get more in due time.
4587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this guitar!!! Its beautiful all the way around. It sounds and plays and LOOKS like a dream! I have had no problems whatsoever with this guitar.
7295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the round steels and prefer this one it holds better in my hand and i can manipulate it much better and have better control over it. compared to other round steels. the weight is perfect to I play a lot and after a while the weight can be an issue. overall I would recommend this for advanced players and beginners, though a beginner might find it tougher to use.  I also recommend the jim dunlap picks for the fingers they seem to be the best but I pick with out them. I have long nails on one hand and short on the other  it's a guitar thing :)
Onboard effects.  They aren't anything fancy but the eq and compression effects are very useful.  There are only a few useful reverb settings but those few sound good and are nice to have on hand.
6031	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing Bass Guitar for 40th years. I've Played and number of difference bass guitar to many to list. But I never got as many compliments on the sound of a bass as I did with this Epiphone EB-O. I was told that they could feel the vibrations across the dance floor and on the other side on the room were there table was Appox 50ft away from the stage. WOW It is one of the easiest and well constructed bass I ever played. My next bass is now going to be the Epiphone EB-3. You will not be sorry if you buy this bass. 10 Star's.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-EB-0-Electric-Bass-Cherry/dp/B0002CZU1U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone EB-0 Electric Bass, Cherry</a>
I have always liked chauvet gear, but after this experience I WOULD NOT buy this product again.  I would go with a more expensive alternative that is built to last more than three gigs.
7728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I rely on these for most small venues almost exclusively since I got a pair as a gift. They just sound great.
5062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Highest quality cord!
Pros:
2531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It would be very difficult to find a professional recording studio that doesn't have at least a few of these lying around, and for good reason - they work great for many applications, they are reliable, they can take a beating, and they are a fantastic value given their performance.
6341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I tried this but ended up going back to Tortex.  I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  The Ultex has a little brighter attack though and wears out less quickly.  Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid.
7705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These sticks give an amazing sound ascent a  greater snaeeex4
4014	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I still get quite a bit of pop. Not impressed.
2032	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've used sennheiser "big" shotgun mics (needing 48V phantom power and XLR connections) that are in the $700 price range and I was pleasantly surprised that the ATR-55 gave reasonable performance for the price.  You don't compare it to a 2 foot long mic that costs 15x as much and is clearly for professional use.  It's meant for the home moviemaker who is unhappy with the builtin mic on their camcorder which has an external 1/8" mono mic jack  -- yes, this is a MONO output so it will likely only appear on one of two channels if you put it in a stereo mic jack leaving the other one empty.  You might want to build or buy a dual mono to a single stereo adapter so you can capture audio from 2 mic sources on tape when using this.  It will give you more editing options later when you read your tape + 2 audio tracks into your software.
757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The build quality seems good, with descent-quality connectors.  I have used it to patch together audio gizmos.  I have not given much abuse, but it has worked fine in the home and for a half dozen gigs without failing.
I'd recommend these Alesis monitors not only to home recording engineers, but also for general music and TV listening. If you're used to muffled consumer-grade speakers, these monitors will sound a little bright at first - and then you'll notice how much more detail you're hearing in the music, detail that is obscured by lower quality speakers.
Another less obvious benefit is the stronger spring makes it work better that the smaller 6-string capo. For the sake of intonation and pitch, I capo as close to the fret as possible. When capoing VERY close to, or on top of the fret using the 6-string capo, the smaller (higher pitched) low E string would sometimes buzz because is was not being pressed firmly on the fret (because its big fat twin was keeping the rubber of the capo too far above the fret). The stronger spring of this 12-string model forces both strings firmly against the fret, so there is no buzzing, even when capoing right on the fret.
1102	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
But this Hohner 38C is an insult & a waste, even at $2.
D'Addario EXL120+:  .0095 -- .0115 -- .016 -- .024 -- .034 -- .044

3089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great as a backup mic on a podium, especially when more than one person is presenting or speaking....a little piece of mind for an old audio tech...


This little thing is just great. You can get some really cool sounds out of it. Best 20 bucks I've spent in a long, long time. Get one. You'll get a real kick out of it.
As long as they last a while, I'll be very happy.
With a little practice, you can really get to know this mic and learn some killer technique that will make your stage performance sound more like the studio.
3570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great beginner guitar, but the slimmer, lighter body may be disconcerting to players looking for a low-price Les Paul replica. Here are my impressions of the LP-100:
8017	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my brother, but I have numerous Hohner blues harps including the G which I've had for about 10 years or so. None of mine leak air as some have reported here, nor have any of the wood combs warped and I play them alot and live in a very humid place. If you don't like the low, dirty sound these harps have then just say so and go buy a Lee Oskar, otherwise quit whining about poor quality, resposiveness, etc.; I greatly prefer my blues harps over my other harmonicas, great sound, very responsive and they last a long time (I blew out 1 reed once). It was $36 + free shipping, got it in about a week.
1148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect splitter!  Make sure you get the right one because i've seen other ones that have it backwards.
***
5623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this guitar to use to play when I needed an electric sound for the small gigs I do. so far, compared to other electrics i've owned in the past, this is a good guitar for the price. The fingering is good right out of the box, and it is light and solid. the Humbucker pickups are nice to have compared to other guitars at this price. Looks and sounds great.
3098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A solid shure bass mic!
Pros:
1408	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Added to  my collection

7153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really good strings. I bought two sets for my twin sons. The cellos sound better than ever. Loud and warm is the best way to describe it. Much better than the D'Addario Prelude strings they had earlier. Both of the boys agreed that these are easier on the fingers and they can play faster. The strings are very responsive. Two thumbs up!
638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very well packaged and performs as described. Fast delivery.
7423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i'm not a good enough player to tell the difference...between different string manufacturers.  these are relatively inexpensive for the martin i own.


5151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Love the rosewood finish!
993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	it works
Sound transfers from inside to outside as energy from the speakers/subwoofer resonates through walls/joists/ceiling/floors/windows to the outside. You know how when you pluck a guitar string the whole guitar resonates? That's what your sound system is doing to your home. The effects are worse if there is any way for air to reach the outside. A little space under a door can increase the sound transfer by a noticeable amount. It's similar to how a guitar is loudest near the soundhole.
Cons :
1649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product! don't use them much but very nice to have a few around. Great Price, and Fast Shipping! Will most likely order again.
Here's one MD player recorder that I know has the microphone jack and works great with this microphone:
6081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice dependable brand.
1891	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Instrument cables are not cheap, but if you're expanding your gear and you have some new pedals you're wanting to strap onto your pedalboard you will need some of these. I'm not sure what to say about the sound quality since my stuff isn't state of the art to begin with, but these do what they're supposed to, at a low price! If you're low on cash but need to get some pedals hooked, buy these, then upgrade cables when you have the money if you're unhappy with the quality of these. 4 stars because I like them. Don't love them. Wish the corners were sharper to allow for closer spacing but whatever. Just get those pedals hooked.
1289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
Seems to have given the old head a LOT more life.
One interesting fact is that instead of bolts it has nails on it, some people customize them and put bolts on them, but I honestly prefer nails. Faster and easier to open (Just get a knife and carefully put it below the nails and push smoothly (Adam Gussov has a Youtube video on it) you don't lose screws or anything and just push the cover plates with the nails and it is back on it.
6938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice case. Nice soft interior. Strong and heavy. It fits my Epiphone Hummingbird perfectly. Even has a little cutaway for the electronics on the side. I would have given it five stars but the latches are a bit flimsy and feel like they will probably break in the near future. Other than that it is a really nice case.
Some things I like about the Blues Harp over the other 3 are:
8307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it. much better sounding than "regular" picks, not as dark as the dunlop 205 that i use for more straight ahead jazz stuff. works well for bass guitar as well.
2484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	absolutely incredible microphone, I use it all the time with my mesa boogie single rectifier and an ESP LTD Iron Cross. Very clear, sounds perfectly like its recorded source
9392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for my whole career.  They work as intended and you get two in the pack!
6524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very heavy duty clamp. Works very well. only con is that the clamp will remove paint and scratch your light stand when tightened down. Clamp is very wide and heavy duty. I bought 6 of these great clamps. only gave 4 stars because its scratches light bar and does not have protectors on the tension screw.
4530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent. Best Capo I've had.
2194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cartridge at any price but superb at its price point. The line contact stylus reduces record wear because of the longer contact area while narrowing the tracing radius which improve high frequency response. Compared to the excellent Shure m97xe, the AT has a more open sound with faster transients than the Shure which provides a very smooth warmer sound with less hi frequency extension.

4459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have one of these on each of my live guitars. I prefer capos that are smaller for home and studio, since the handle on this capo is kind of ugly Nd obtrusive,  ur for live use you cant bwat how easy and reliable this capo is. Its nice that it can be stored on your guitars  headstock.
9515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very durable! Improves bass drum sound.
3204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is first rack case I have had to buy having gone from my big AMPEG SVT tube head to smaller (or lighter) amp SVT-3PRO.  I added a rack mount tuner and power controller and feel that my investments are now road safe in the this rack.  Not knowing much about them I went for the name and after reading reviews I am convinced I bought the best rack case I could, regardless of expense.  I mean come on when you have $1500 worth of gear you want to be able to transport safely and set up easily money should not be an issue.  That being said, This was reasonably priced and well worth the money.  I think the lock and key is somewhat a waste because someone would probably steal the whole thing and care less about the lock.  It is light and has comfortable sturdy carrying handles
5695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This item was just what I need at the time. It arrived in a timely fashion and was well packaged.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/EHX-Little-Big-Muff/dp/B000T517Y4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">EHX Little Big Muff</a>:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.
1555	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hosa cables are not the heaviest cables you can get but, I haven't had any problems with them.  Sometimes they are the only cables with what I need.
333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for the buck
2052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the best there is.
- straight lead gets tangled often.  a bit of a PIA to undo the knots as the material likes to cling to itself.
2950	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Near professional quality! Fits well and works better than expected. Superb quality product, nicely priced, well packaged, arrived quicker than expected. Could not be happier.
6414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried every guitar pick out there and these are THE BEST! They stick to your fingers like nothing else, so you don't have to keep re-gripping. High quality picks in a class all their own. You won't be disappointed.

4337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works very well and looks good too
5224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Even if you're not in a band situation, but still use a strap, the strap hole will loosen before long and when it does, your ax is going down. Unless you use strap locks. Love them.
Definitely not one of my proudest Amazon purchases. Too much effort to return it however.
7234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i replaced my aging sr15 with this.  it's amazing.
4613	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these Straplok on all of my guitars.  Great Product!
Yes, on my hand made classical I spend a fortune on Goldwin High Tension, but they're $34.
I've gone through a few "other" chorus pedals in my time but this one has a permanent place on my board for as long as I can play guitar...you won't be disappointed with this (now) classic pedal.
  effects as well as respective adjustment knobs.  This means that during a show, I can do things like quickly (and spontaneously)
4620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great service, great product, fingers don't hurt after 2 hours hard playing.  We'll see how long they keep their tone.

5591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pricing on a standard item! Go Amazon
9893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great guitar for the money.  It was ready to play out of the box and has excellent sound.  Of course it is not a Martin, but one could buy a dozen Martins for this price.
GuitarPort is marketed as being both a educational tool as well as professional recording tool, I will review both aspects separately. To use GuitarPort as an educational tool requires a monthly subscription fee to GuitarPort OnLine. The monthly fee is less than ten dollars and for that you get a fixed library of professionally recorded hit tracks from the 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, etc... For a given track you can download: without bass, without guitar or full mix. You can also download the guitar tab and tone settings. The tone settings will load the appropriate amp model, effects and then set up the amp and effects. You can hit the play and stop buttons and the tab will display on the screen. Sounds great right? Well, it is to a point.... The nice thing here is that you are downloading official tone settings and official tabs licensed by the publisher. The bad thing is that the tab playback software is pretty bad. It's just displaying a PDF on screen and scrolling as the track plays. If you've ever used a program like GuitarPro you will be very very disappointed in the TAB playback. Also the number of songs available is a problem. They aren't really updating their catalog. Lessons are OK at best (if the TAB playback where more like GuitarPro for features then the lessons would be much better, but it isn't). You might as well walk into a local music store and buy a book on playing, the lesson selections here (while some are very good) are not organized in a coherent way for a beginner. The product assumes the player knows what an effect box is, what the various settings on an amp does, etc... in short, it's not a beginners tool. Overall I would give this a grade C- as a learning tool. It has potential for intermediate players, but that's about it. There is another big problem with Guitar Port as an educational tool: NO BASS TABS are available through guitar port on-line and if you want the bass amp models and effects you will have to buy them on-line as an software upgrade for about fifty dollars! As a tool for bass guitarist, GuitarPort is useless.
Sound: 5/5
583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. MIDI doesnt need anything fancy. Just buy it and move on!!!


6903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these, have been using them for years. I like the "scratchy" feel of the Dunlop over smooth Fender picks. I prefer Ultex over Tortex because they give you just a little bit more grip.
The pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.



1380	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable and great value. Just what I was looking for in a cable and price was great too. Will buy again.
9099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping Great service. Would recommend all the way. Thank you
||||||||||||||||||
311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	wanted it just on looks alone...It is a nice looking cord... I know it will perform...as for Sam Ash ...this cord was packed in a mailer inside another box with my Roc n Soc... his shipping team do great work..never any complaints from me... I love Sam Ash.. thanks Amazon

My only complaint is that I wish HOSA also made a 20-foot version of this cable!
2175	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	My mistake I did not read the reviews.  I needed this for a play my daughter has a part in and the sound equipment we have needed a microphone.  We were on a budget and well I should have saved my money.  I can use this to hear things like a head phone if I want to hold it up to my ear and listen like a headset but cannot get the sound to come out on any sound system I have used and I have 4 different ones that I maxed the volume out on with no luck.  Very disappointed in this particular Sony product...
2768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have ordered 2 pcs of this XLR cable for my MXL 990/991 condenser mic.  It was a relieve when I plugged it on and it is working.  I was worried because here in Bahrain, music store charges $40 for these cables.  I got mine in very reasonable price.
Video of unboxing and assembly at http://youtu.be/4K9LxHAjlkE
9801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My go to pick. I use them all the time. I love the feel and they last a long time. I usually lose them before they wear out. High quality players pick. Get some!
7452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This bass is good for just around the house jamming.  One thing I was really suprized about was the large size.  It's awesome but really big, so if you have a small space for your instraments, it will dominate the area.  The strings it came with are alright, but as with any acoustic guitar, you probably want to put some better ones on there.  Overall a really good purchase and price point.
9381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Flatpicks. This seems like it would be a total no-brainer for a guitarist, but oh have I found that to be false.
3172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great so far after  a half dozen gigs.
Thanks mortals for your assistance to a "Space Brother". EXCELLENT DRUM HEAD, REMO (RIP) Best drum heads in the market by far.

8060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks. They might not be your favorite picks, especially since they're almost as thick as tree trunks. Still, this is my review so I give them five stars.
612	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am just very lucky I got this cables in am special, I have a few vintage modules and this cables made possible to have then all together ready for action with no need to keep changing anything in the back of my rack.
9923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for me. Wish they lasted longer. Take a look at buildapic.com though. put your stamp on one for a good price.
Awesome Products
3290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Industry standard

Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand
8135	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	use them for a long time like the Maxi Grip on them works good for me

1309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	as advertised

9822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just started learning how to play the acoustic guitar and my friend recommended these picks. They work really well and feel great in the hand. Just the right amount of flexibility too.
1585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Needed it. Bought it. Love it.
1425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does its job good, cable is nice and long, decent quality.
They're easy to install, I haven't had one fail on me yet.

1988	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like this Mic!
4731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	much better than I expected

2723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Working good
8937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little mic case.  Protects my mics very well and is small and lightweight.  Cuts down on the weight and size of my P.A. set up and looks good to boot.  Appears very well made with heavy nylon and an industrial looking zipper.  I have always had years of good service out of the Gator products that I own and looking at this I expect nothing different.  It holds the mic's very securely so if you are using wireless mic's this bag may be a pretty tight fit but for my array of Shure and Senhieser wired microphones this works perfectly
2159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm neither a DJ nor a real audiophile. I'm just a 70 year old guy who likes music a lot and wanted to be able to play the vinyl I haven't touched in 20 years. I upgraded to this cartridge on the theory that DJ's really do know what they're doing, and if it's good enough for them it would be good enough for me. Right on. My vinyl sounds terrific with this cartridge. Very satisfied. Would buy again.

4820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strap locks. Work well.
  Sold plugs on each end
9711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best capo out there


6953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I originally had a Planet Waves capo, but that was made for steel-string acoustic with the rounded fingerboard and it just could not perform with my beautiful classical. I had a couple gigs coming up that were simple strum-and-sing Valentine's songs, so I did a little research and picked this up. Man did I make the right choice! The quick-change grips are fantastic, and are far superior to capos that require screwing and unscrewing. The tension on this one is plenty adequate, and the flat part that touches the string ensures equal pressure distribution.

6318	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I got this for my Boss Loop Station, but it doesn't work very well.  I keep hoping I'll find something it DOES work well with...

5218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this is the perfect pop filter... really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile...
2746	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These things are terrible. One wouldn't fit in my soundboard, another wouldn't lock in my mic. Plain and simple....if your looking for crap that doesn't work....buy this.
5592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I "like" the Kyser KG6B but don't love it. I find it much easier to place than my G7th Performance Two but it gets in the way for me. I don't much care for capo's but they have become a part of my kit and really allows me more freedom to sing. This thing is, at least for me, very easy to use. The 4 stars only because it gets in my way otherwise a 5 because it is well built and easy to use.
3289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	All one would expect from a classic high quality dynamic microphone.
671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hosa cables have worked well for me and are a fair price.
5613	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent strong capo...slipped it on from the package and played HERE COMES THE SUN by (The Beatles) with no problem on my Rickenbacker 12 string!!  5 Stars indeed!!
To my surprise, this is an excellent cable, with good build quality and a strong, thick jacket that inspires confidence. The sound through it is identical to my Monster cables, and it cost one quarter the price....hmmmm, guess I should have tried to figure this out myself instead of listening to "snobs" for so many years. I will never do that again.
2708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a legendary mic and I join the throngs of users who have sung its praises over the years. I love my SM58. I have compared it to other mics I own which have cost more; if blindfolded I couldn't tell the difference! I also know-first hand-that this mic can withstand punishment that many of its peers simply cannot. I have two other, very old SM58s that were donated to my band; the balls are ravaged and distorted due to decades of dropping and mishandling, and they still work like new! I have owned comparable mics made by other manufacturers which sounded as good but would be useless once they were dropped! This is a mic that I would order again and again!
431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! Still rockin' 2 years after purchase and working perfectly. Highly recommended!
8245	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks for acoustic and Telecaster! Just enough flexibility. Bright sound. Recommended (not for jazz).

6222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality capo and there isn't much more to be said, if you are in the market for a capo this one will do just fine.
6823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Came in good timing and it works. Not much to say! Clamps are strong good material and do what I need them to do!

7290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	nice!
1958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Recently installed a pristine Pickering XV-15/625e I bought years ago but never got around to using.  Put it in a Marantz 6300, installed it in the bedroom, and got some great new records.  At first I was a little disappointed with the sound.  It was a bit thin.  I thought that the Pickering might have aged out and perhaps the internals had dried up, hardened or softened just sitting in the case for all those years. Tried several receivers with good phono preamps but the results varied little.  Dug out some vintage external preamps but was still not delighted.  I finally got the Shure SFG-2 Tracking Force Gauge.  That was the missing link in my meticulous setup.  I've had some fine cartridges over the years, but few had the little brush attachment. Never felt the need for a brush.  I take good care of my records.  They are clean and static free.  But despite my best efforts, I quickly learned how notoriously inaccurate the calibration of even a good tonearm can be if you don't have a proper way to measure the tracking force.  Turned out the extra gram I thought I had added per the manufacturers spec to compensate for the brush was not even close.  So I used the guage, got a good reference for the stylus, added the extra gram, checked again and now I'm blasting Miles Davis Jack Johnson.  It's full, bright, has a nice throbbing bottom end.  No skips, no rumble.  A world of difference and I owe it all to getting the tracking dialed in with the help of this sweet little gauge.  Talk about money well spent!  Now I'll be setting up my Technics SL-1200 MK2 with a Stanton 681EEE downstairs in my studio.  I use that table more and I think it is pretty well balanced, but soon I will know for certain. Lesson learned.  You can't set up a good turntable without a good tracking gauge.  This is the best one I've ever used. Don't see any reason to spend big bucks on a digital gauge.  This is accurate and inexpensive and an essential tool for serious vinyl lovers.
7049	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the pick attack with these.  I have used almost everything out there over 20 years of playing and have settled on this pick as my go-to choice for acoustic guitar.
- The pockets are all useful and well thought out. The big pocket will fit a 15" laptop and/or a pile of sheet music. The upper pocket is great for strings and picks.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
8005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo easy to get the minor cords with this one, it's the best I have ever used
4691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ubiquitous capo. Simple & fast, sometimes a little too much tension for electric guitars but for something so simple and inexpensive, it works great.
3865	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product good for me nice price
9935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really was  surprised how well it fit on to my drumset and it made my bass sound so strong .
399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are good midi cables.  Well built and they last.  You don't need fancy cables for midi
3712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the cry baby. Buy new for some reason used Cry Babies sux.
The n44-7 has super solid bass, but is still bright enough for general listening. If you want to scratch, buy this. If you are a pompous audiophile who takes yourself way too seriously & has a $19,000 headphone preamp to listen to Elvis records, then go buy something else.
2648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality, works perfect
5279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quick snap on and off. Sturdy.  If it is not convenient, it won't be used.  In this case, it is very convenient and easy to use, hence, your prized guitar will not drop to the floor by accident.  Well worth the money spent!

I'm not going to sit hear and pretend like you and I are band mates coworkers or in the same  bowling team. I like these strings and I like the price. They play well. Been strumming guitars for 30 years pal...I like what I like. I like these strings. They last a long time. And can stand a good drunk campfire song along when you drink too much, drop your guitar. Let some drunk weirdo pretend to play it and mess it up. Then you can tune it again and go back to playing the campfire songs you were born to play. Like a hero.
80	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do strongly believe that every household should have one of these harps. Even if you don't like Celtic music, these little harps are really cool!
Well-protected: Bag has a zip-lok closure. Strings are in individual plastic packets.
6550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought a 12 string one in blk.  Love it for simplicity and needed it so I didn't have to keep searching for the other.  Got gold to remind me it is for six strings.
6211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing grips well, is easy to move up and down the fretboard, and leaves no buzz in the strings. Best capo I have ever owned and seems like it will last a lifetime.
6187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best

1986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the SM58 for years and my buddy suggested I try out Sennheiser. WOW. This mic has helped me improve my live set, and save my voice! This mic has a wider frequency responce than the sm58 (also $99.95) and a smoother eq curve so I sound more natural. the mic has a louder output than the sm58 so I don't need to push my voice as hard when I sing which allows me to sing longer or add harder songs. After about 3 years and 250+ shows both indoors and outdoors the mic gave out but it has a 10 year warranty! I called customer service sent them my mic and they sent me a free one!
I always keep .46mm .60mm and .73mm sizes on hand. (mostly use the .60's) I've been using them for years and so will probably never change. I like the 'grippiness' of them .... I hate smooth picks.

6043	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The fellow who got an obvious returned, abused instrument should have sent it back to whoever sold it to him - it didn't come from China with the screws stripped out etc.  That said, if you don't know how to set up a guitar and/or a banjo, or know someone who does, don't buy this or any banjo or guitar mail-order.  I just got one for an upcoming project. (I play guitar and 5-string banjo but this is for dixieland, and I don't know all the jazz chords on EITHER 5-string or 4-string banjo.)

7560	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ok, I'm not a violin pro here. A total beginner, however I do play other instruments and my ears were trained since 4 yo.
Hey... for some male rock vocalists, the SM57-LC isn't just an acceptable mic for PA use, but it can actually deliver the sonic characteristics preferred by some producers and artists on master recordings.
2254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord... I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics...
539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	IS WHAT IT IS
3947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been playing guitar since the 1970's and I know what I'm talking about. There are 100+ brands of guitar strings but they all are made in one of only 5 places and the machine to make them is HUGE!! Boomers, slinkys and some others that you would call the best are from the same machine then packaged differently. So find your style like thin, med, heavy or what ever then look for the cheapest price and get them. When you get them boil them is snake blood or pickle them for 5 years or whatever you do that you think improves the sound then shut up and PLAY PLAY and PLAY some more.
7451	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I've got a #3 and it felt like a Rico #4. Very hard reed. I could not use one. A waste of money.
1922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This particular Audio Technica cartridge will suprisingly enough yield very crisp and clear audio quality. Bass response is tight but not overwhelming nor weak. The wonderful thing about this type of cartridge is that it's basically a plug and play set up (just have to tighten a screw to hold it in place with most P-mount systems). The elliptical stylus or tip is designed for better contact with the stereo groove walls in a record resulting in better frequency response and clarity. The user does not have to worry about how much stylus pressure,weight, or anti-skating to provide to get the most from this cartridge;that's the beauty of using this cartridge on a P-mount tonearm instead of as a standard one...This cartrdige will perform admirably when used for regular record listening conditions. This is not a DJ stylus to scratch with as you may damage the needle and the record ("burn"). Also, it is more suitable for playing any kind of music except classical or jazz where a high end audiophile cartridge/needle would be needed. Such a high end cartridge and needle would bring out extreme musical detail as well as the ambiance or "air" of the instruments. Also, that would allow for better stereo separation as well... This is only a better than average cartridge meaning that you will only get about maybe a little over a year's worth of use from it (if you played one or 2 records a day or every 2 days respectively). That is also the difference between a basic low priced cartridge/stylus versus an audiophile grade one (those can usually go for about 5 years---but you would be talking anywhere from hundreds to maybe thousands of dollars).

I dread the thought of stopping in my local Guitar Center to buy anything.
4962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a lot of pedals...  In fact, I have 2 distortion and 2 overdrive pedals (though only the MT2 and the OD3 are regularly in my rig.)  This pedal won't give you a "cranked up tube stack" sound.  No...  Instead, it's very edgy and smooth as can be.  It has a mid-sweep knob on it to help sculpt your tone.  I usually use it as a mid-boost for solos.  You'll find that you get amazing sustain and a huge sound that you won't be able to replicate (easily... I'm sure the huge Boss distortion box comes close, but for the price...) with any other pedal.
All in all it is a good beginner to intermediate guitar.  I have no regrets.
3906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quick change. You will have to tune a little once placed but no big deal. One hand to apply.
1195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work.
9208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Worked fine. Just the weight I was after. Not much else to say, since they are just hunks of plastic.
6232	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works for all that I need it too. Very easy to use. I like the color it makes for a good contrast with my black guitar.
8226	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Not sure what happened. I've owned these before and found them reasonably functional, at least when considering convenience and cost. BUT this last one had a SOOOO MUCH spring tension that my 11 year old couldn't even use it. The compression on the strings was so extreme that it made the guitar (every guitar) play sharp. It's fine for pkaying solo, but you can't use it for a key change on one instrument and play with another properly tuned instrument (which is kind of the point). I'm also concerned about what it would do to frets after prolonged use. I pretty much limit it's purpose for repair and maintenance work when I need to make adjustments to something but don't want to restring the guitar.
-Chromatic Tuner (or if you have a smartphone there is an app called G-Strings and you will save a boatload of money)
2856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice Stuff!
1428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have many lengths of these Hosa cables and have never
2395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a standard piece of equipment that most musicians would agree has stood the test of time. Definitely go for the on-off switch if you are using it for vocalists, or if you want to be able to talk without being heard through the sound system....
also use one on my Vocalist.  and eff mute.  and chan change.
88	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Okay, okay, I caught your attention. I bought this to plug into my Tascam DR-05 compact recorder-- the plan to record my rock and roll band. I LOVE IT. The recordings are unparalleled. Highly recommend this unit. It records the loudest shows, rock concerts, small club gigs, and I record every practice and we play, and it has been to  MANY shows! The Mic appears to be a well designed mic that will go forever (the battery life is great [1AA] too) Great, as well,  its picking up the most sensitive sounds. I also used it with my outdoor drum circle. Listening to the recording, you could close your eyes and you wouldn't know you weren't there in person --- of course the Tascam is pretty high quality, but this is GREAT. Buy it!!!
3716	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pick holder attaches to my guitar and since using it I always know where my pick is.  Great price, too.
What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.
6439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace the stock humbucker in a blacktop Jazzmaster. This pickup does a very fine job! Really great clarity and tone coming from this little p'up.
--(****_ Overall) Hohner Special 20: This and the Lee Oskar are the best in terms of comfort and ease of play. The plastic comb protrudes, making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use. The sound is great. Durability is terrible. The case is more durable than the Lee Oskar one.
My main acoustic is a Taylor 112ce.
4909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a really nasty, over the top distortion sound when overdriving my Marshall Combo wasn't appropriate to crank to levels that would violate local noise ordinances. I was able to mimic a really good early Sabbath sound. As an old fart, I couldn't ask for better.
4296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  Fast shipping!  I would buy again : )
2153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cartridge was suggested by a friend of mine and from what I have read is considered a quality cartridge for turntablism. I am very happy with the results thus far and I bought a spare stylus for the future.
I purchased my first guitar cable in 1972...You could say that I have experience.
The connector is pretty decent quality and includes a metal belt clip.  Yay.

2625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
Do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. It's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years.
Highly recommended
420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cable is thick, heavy, doesn't kink, and has a quality feel. Strain resistance seems like it should hold up well under medium duty use.  The ends look like they open easily, so it can be made into a shorter cable should it ever fail. In my experience, most Hosa gear seems to be higher quality than the price would indicate.
these "sticks" are both longer and heavier then most traditional solid sticks. they are wider to grip (which i like) so you can use more of your hand.
Neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. Damn good for a bolt on.
7926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good quality. will order again or recommend.

486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Connects midi equipment. Works as intended.
I tried the 1.00 and 1.14 mm ULTEX picks for the first time maybe two years ago, and I have to admit, I think these are my new favorites. They have a nice feel, sort of that same almost organic feel of a regular Tortex. They're also very stiff, and because of that I'm generally using a thinner pick now. The best part is that it takes me quite a bit longer to wear them down, although it does still happen eventually.
In case you are wondering (as I was until I could see one in person), yes, the foam in the bottom of the case is cut out in a Jumbo shape - and that's why it probably will hang up on the preamp controls. Options may include smashing the foam down in that section, OR carefully cutting the lining, pulling it back, carving away enough of the foam to allow the pre-amp controls to slide in cleanly.
6534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The first modification I made on my Ibanez RG270 was installing this pickup.  This was 15 years ago, and I was 16.  The main reason I chose this model was the name... I wanted to play heavy metal.  Fortunately, this pickup is much more versatile than the name lets on.  Yeah, you get some great metal tones from it.  Tight, punchy bass, screaming hot high end and impressive mids.  It's a high output pickup, but it cleans up nicely.  Back off the volume knob a bit, and you get a very crisp, bright clean tone.  The only criticism I have is that it might not be balanced enough for jazz players (I dabble in all types of music, including jazz)...  But I don't see any looking to this pickup anyway.
9818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks great and does the job!
2089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.

Audio-Technica actually recently listed this AT311EP as "discontinued" on their website, so I thought those in the supply chain were all there would be. The ATN3472SE replacement stylus is safe since the AT92ECD uses the same stylus and that cartridge was not discontinued.  Then came good news that for some unknown reason Audio-Technica changed their mind so the AT311EP webpage no longer carries the "discontinued" stamping as of 04/04/2015.  So the AT311EP has been snatched back from the jaws of death. Very unusual for a discontinued product to make a comeback, but I'm glad and it was a good save.
3328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best vocal mic for live performance , great sound, lots of gain without feedback, built like a truck,  kk kk
Lots of fun, but this is a serious piece of equipment ....so read the main booklet ...and then U-tube it for pointers ....
Love the grips too, which reduces drops on the ground or in the soundhole.
4234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful guitar I really enjoy playing this guitar I named her Christine ;)
4-wire allows coil-tapping, which the Ibanez switch uses in positions 2 and 4, in conjunction with the middle single-coil.
8713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these and/or .60's on acoustic and these almost exclusively on electric.  A top corner works just fine when you have to 'dig in' for a heavier strum or speed.  They're durable, smooth and so thin no one will ever borrow one.  They're amazed that I (or ANYONE) can use such a supple pick!  lol  So, when I lose one, it's like Jimmy said, "It's my own dm fault!"
8750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+ for this seller.  I appreciate the fact that I could buy this Big Stubby Picks, for the price.  I will be using them with the Mandolin I own, when I start teaching myself to play it!  I rec'd in quick order.  Thanks, so much!  I would buy from the seller again.  Blessings!  Cheryl V
8126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A friend of mine gifted me a cheap 12 string. I replaced the strings with these and was very impressed with the tonal quality. Very light strings, but still full bodied.

--Then Bb, F, E,... here is gets more debatable

Like brushes, they should be played with a certain amount of finesse, meaning don't beat on them and expect them to hold up. On more than one occasion, I have seen heavy-handed drummers shred them and send pieces flying in every direction. They are not delicately made, but they are not for heavy pounding either. They will hold up only if you treat them like you want them to survive your session.
To give you a quick comparison, I would compare the tone and feel of these strings to the ever infamous Ernie Ball Slinky's (which I use as my backups when I can't get ahold of Boomers)...to my ears the sound is a bit brighter, but not by much and the feel is VERY comparable.  If you've used and like Slinky's, I suspect you'll be pleased with these as well.  The biggest difference is in the longevity...all things being equal and assuming I'm cleaning my strings and such after playing, I might get a month out of Slinky's before they really need to be changed (when I'm playing regularly), where as I can often go 2 - 3 months between string changes with the Boomers.  No, they don't maintain that "new string sound" for THAT long and for recording situations I'd go with new strings in any case, however for average playing...practices, gigs, etc., they do in fact hold up quite well.
3504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best value for a set of 12 strings. Be aware that Martin's "extra lights" (.010 - ,047) is the equivalent of some other brands' lights. Go by the actual gauges when replacing strings, not by the name (light / extra light / medium).
725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I own a slew of decent mics, so this was much more cost effective than buying a dedicated laptop version - with any decent recording/mixing software, you're in like Flynn for recording works in progress, composition ideas, etc.
334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable works like it should, is built with high quality components, and is priced very aggressively to boot. Can't top that combo.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
1092	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for! Great cable!
5985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although I did not buy this product an amazon, I wanted to do a review when i found out that it was still available to date. I purchased this almost 10 years ago from another well know music store. All I wanted to say is that Boss in general makes awesome products and this is one of them. I must say that I don't use it on a daily basis, but still, for the time I have had this thing It gave me great sound great comfort and it is easy to use. The 3 buttons on top are very sturdy and they turn is smoothly. The only thing that is lacking is my personal skills to get all the sound I want from it. I am not the  best guitar player, but  someone with better fingers would immediately fall in love with this guy. Great effect!!
5757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product. My favorite capos.
237	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gigging musician here.  I don't often get too excited about gear, but I gotta say these are excellent.
On my Ludwig Keystone kit (oak & maple shells) & Pearl Export Select kit I use coated G2's on top, clear G1's on reso side (toms), EMad on batter and reso on bass drums, coated ST on snare batter, Hazy 300 on reso side. (wood snare 2.3mm hoops)
P.S. I notice that the head of the PG58 is larger than that of the SM58.  Since the rise of the "digital audio workstation" (who doesn't have a computer with free, included Garage Band on it?), large, even gold-plated, expensive-looking but cheap mics are on display all over the place.  Despite appearances, when it comes to mics, size doesn't matter--except for appearances (directors of high school show bands will dispense those headsets that wrap half-way around the face, knowing that the girls in the front-line think they're cool--they look just like Madonna'a or Janet's headgear). Some of the best mics are tiny, with an opening the size of a pin-hole.
9688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelent picks!!!
Unfortunately, these picks did not receive a five-star rating because of their price and lack of durability.  They wear down fast.  Mine are usually worn out after a day of use and I don't think I play particularly hard.  At around $4.50 for six picks, these are some expensive pieces of plastic.
3402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	People take things too seriously sometimes. I bought this thing so I could play one tune: Rumble.
4826	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strap locks as expected
884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Wires are as good as the connections they make.  This cable works fine and is doing the job it is designed to do.
6567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice simple working Capo. It is a really low profile capo, goes on easy, and does not get in your way or hamper any chord making.
5707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as it should.
8223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good good good. Enough said. Been using these for a while and it's a good brand.
6993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	none at this time
464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Basic Midi cable. I've had it for a month or two now and it's still working just fine. Sturdy construction no complaints what so ever.
5951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Basically, this case is very sharp looking - made with good quality materials. The inside of the one I received was grey fur. The case would probably take a beating over time, but its not a SKB case. Nice enough that I wouldn't check it at the airport. Survived a trip in a moving van from Philly to Boston.
8986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent case - holds 12 mics and doesn't take up a ton of room.  A+++
8075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these for my Ric 12 & acoustics. Natural, near fingerpicking tone on acoustics. Great, easy flatpicking on a Ric. Fine also for fast single note solos, bluegrass.
- Humbuckers sound pretty decent, though not as good (to my ears) as the Epiphone LP Standards

Two thumbs up!
3435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter's trumpet case was too big to carry every day so we scaled down to this case. It's worked great and held up all school year.
9871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It looks strong
538	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
9285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	will use it soon
4467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product would buy again !

185	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	useless for guitar amp
6674	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As a mobile DJ I use these clamps frequently for my light bars.  They are sturdy, well made and lock into place easily.  Some of my smaller lights don't fit but these are standard size clamps that are made to hold professional light kits.
2617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not the greatest sounding headphone I've ever heard but I'm totally satisfied for the price.
go buy them
3126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive has a bunch of different stands and this is by far the best.  Very secure and good quality materials.
2305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
7685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like these sticks, but I don't love them due to durability. I tend to buy a pair every few months due to the wood dowels splintering and breaking after about 18-20 sets of 5-10 songs. (usually its the high-hat that eats them) I don't abuse them, but theirs a certain amount of force required when playing over 120 bpm, for a room of 20-50 people. Regular drum sticks prove to be just a bit too loud, but these sound just right. I wish they made a set with fiberglass rods, then they would be awesome. (Hello Promark, are you listening)
6944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo I've tried so far.
9849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good picks
It ships with a 3m mini-xlr to 1/8 cord w/ 1/4 adapter, I think most people would prefer the coiled cord which they sell as an option.

3596	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	plays well,...
2593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It looks like a tiny AC-30.  It is built in Vietnam, but don't let that fool you.  It feels pretty tight and no internal buzzing that I was aware of the cabinet area. There may be some built in modeling of which is not disclosed.  It has that British Jangly distorted tone on the 2nd channel.  On  the clean channel,  using the gain upwards of 3/4 will give you the introduction of some distorted tones and mimicking a valve type amp.  I was overall impressed with how nice it does sound, so much so that I may get second one for another room, perhaps the red special edition at the same price or the version with the British flag in white.
8361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these for 15 years when a buddy lent me one when I first started playing. I use the 73s for my acoustic guitar work and 60s for my mandolin playing. Make a great sound with whatever guitar I use and, in my opinion, the most durable picks on the market.
3253	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This case might be okay if you are just transporting things from the trunk of your car to a gig, but this case is not worth considering if you plan to fly with it. First of all, the latches are both flimsy and exposed to shearing on both sides. This case has been through about 4 round trips, and already one of the latches is bent and coming apart. The latches can easily open during travel, so tie wraps are a must in order to secure them into place.
This is for the Bb clarinet which is the most common one in school bands and most symphony/orchestra groups.  Different size clarinets use different reeds so make sure you're looking at the right one!

4403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
637	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.  Serves a purpose, solves a problem.
6810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Stiff enough for Gypsy jazz style playing. That is why I bought it. Not so thick as to feel unnatural.
Two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.
1250	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good dual banana at a fraction of the cost of Pomona. No, these are not that quality level but 80% of the quality at way less than 50% cost.
1283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	serves its purpose
6490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have owned a couple of these capos and they work great. I would recommend these to any guitarist who needs a capo.
They have an extremely bright sound that resonates strongly and lasts a bit longer than others. If you play metal or punk rock, you're
or any engineering manipulation.
871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For plug and play, walk around without getting tangled up, these cords are absolutely awesome. Low profile on the 90 degree so I can keep that end plugged into my amp with the cover on, and I've got one for my SG I can play without ever worrying about the hand hitting the cord. Super, super flexible cords.
2798	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As its advertised as a beginner kit, you should expect it to have beginner quality.  Overall the guitar is nice, my wifes Ibanez side by side they look nearly as pleasing.  The Ibanez is a different animal so I will not be using it to compare quality, just the looks.  I bought the Black package, and it looks good in the living room on a stand.
3287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mic. I bought this mic because I saw how popular it was and figured as a musician and song writer I needed this in my life. It has not disappointed. It is currently my favorite mic out of my 3 mics in my studio. But, really, all 3 sound just about as good (compared to a Shure SM57-LC and a Sennheiser mic I bought a long time ago). I think the reason I give this one an edge as favorite is because I like how it looks. I like how it looks on camera. I've written a few songs with this using it for vocals, guitars, bass guitars, percussion, ukulele, and egg shakers. Everything went as expected. Never once were any of my struggles due to poor performance of the microphone.

3295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and as described
4489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	beautiful
3742	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GHS Boomers are "best in class" for solid-body electric guitar, hands down. I've played all kind of other strings, and these are just exactly what I'm looking for.  When I first started playing I was using Slinky's because I didn't know any better and I had looked at their long list of folks who use them. Never going back to those.
1338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NICE
6233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this daily praticing on my acoustic. every easy to use, low cost. can change the key your playing in just by moving it around the fretboard
9246	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This bag is awesome. Light and strong, with more than enough space and pouches to hold my wireless base and mic, the wireless base for my in-ear monitors, the monitors/ear buds case and hip pack, two sets of cables, two power supplies, a flashlight and extra batteries. It's compact and weighs a ton less than my hard case. After I received this, I was so impressed I bought two more Gator bags (different styles) for some other musical equipment.
3277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I avoided the large cash layout for this mike for years... and the Beta 58 is a great mike but this one is better, save up your ducketts make this purchase ... IMPORTANT you need phantom powered board but !!!! so i still use the Beta 58  for gigs
I'm using it for 10 months right now and I'm very satisfied.
5360	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser Capos are the best!  Works on guitars and a variety of other instruments.
7238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I think that the missing factor in any review of an electronic instrument's review is the reviewer's level of aptitude and experience as well as their willingness to learn the instrument.  I would say that my aptitude and experience for electronics hovers slightly below average, yet with less than 2 or 3 hours invested I was getting monstrous results with this beautiful drum machine.  The quick start and reference manuals certainly had me up and running in no ( just a little) time.  I'm extremely happy with it.
I found two picks that really stood out; Dunlop Ultex .60 and Dunlop Max-Grip .60.
6602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The BBE 882i, is simply amazing. It has done more for my setup than anything else I have purchased thus far. I use it with both a Korg Triton Studio 88 key keyboard and a Nuemann tlm 103. The BBE 882i is the second thing in my signal chain (right after my preamp) and the effect on my sound is no less than profound. When used with a Korg Triton Studio keyboard the clarity produced is absolutely stunning( not to say it was bad before, when I bought it new about 4 years back,it was $6,000 us and to this day is still one of the best keyboards on the market) but the BBE 882i makes it sound so much better. When the used with the Neumann 103, once again the clarity produced is amazing  (I like the sound it produces better than a u87). I have also used it with much cheaper mics such as the Studio Projects C1 and an Audio Technica 2020 with great results. I would suggest this to anyone who owns a recording studio or  has a home studio. One word of advice I would suggest setting all the levels on the 882i to level 6 ( this seems to give the best results with large diaphragm condenser microphones and keyboards).
9928	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This no bueno
3520	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	While the pedal is flexible and has a few modes, I just couldn't handle the digital artifacts and synthetic sound. If you want a simple clean 1 octave down reproduction of your signal, this is NOT your pedal.
The biggest difference though is the feedback from stage monitors.  The Senn and EV both have much better feedback rejection than any of the 58's I've seen.
8201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice looking and works great
3864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	nice feel
5993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have used these for years.  I love the new camo print on this one and works great for quick changes
I had used the old 58 for years before moving to the Beta and there is certainly a noticeable difference between the two. The Beta is definitetly hotter, with a more sensitive response. Your vocals will cut into the mix strongly and with more clarity than you might be used to. Mids and highs are picked up perfectly when singing a few inches away and there is a subtle low frequency roll-off to avoid that boomy, muddled sound you typically get when hitting low or quiet notes up close. You definitely need to stay within a close range though as the pickup pattern is very tight. This is a good thing because extraneous noise and feedback is effectively rejected.
4130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy to set up and functional. Not the best fitting latches, they tend to slide into the open position in transport.
9989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've seen this guitar rated on several websites, citing it as a great quality instrument for an inexpensive price.  I was my first time buying epiphone and I will totally recommend this to anyone! It's a really amazing sound for such a good price. I'm shocked I haven't heard of this before. It's a perfect starter guitar and I would say it will last well into your intermediate playing! Very happy customer!
This is the one that clamps down and no buzzing.
5418	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great quality!
The price is good, price them anywhere else and include shipping. I always buy strings, picks or other stuff to get free shipping.

I now own four of them.
You get the same response through every pick no matter how old it is, or how long you've been playing.
3681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gave this to a friend who just bought a new D-41, I put a Grissman Dawn mando pic and a DAVA, ready to go
Here are some things that people typically worry about when considering a low-cost guitar:
All my other units which inck


6426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ended up getting the cordoba c5 cet.  my only gripe with this guitar is that it didn't come with a case. I got a Gator Deluxe ABS Classical Guitar Case. my guitar had about an inch play in thickness between the guitar and case.  I used a square tile of an exercise puzzle mat with interlocking tiles, cut out a shape of the guitar case, then put it under the black plush. the c5-cet now fits perfectly inside.
2900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Im very happy with AKG headphones, this is my second set of AKG headphones they the sound is great!! Thank you.
9578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery, good quality product; Would buy again! Thank you.

6304	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have bought three of these Kyser Capos in different colors and they work and look great. Easy to use.
2133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted for the price!
When changing strings, you should not have to worry about leaving extra 'winds'.  Go to the Martin site --- great video on proper string changing.  You will learn a technique that actually LOCKS the string onto the tuning peg so that the strings won't 'slip' out of tune.
5164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
9666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Evans Pedal Patch will work for you great.. It will keep your mass drum head from getting
2397	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I returned this mic due to it's poor audio quality.  I did not feel that the audio frequency response met my modest expectations.  The sound produced was very "tinny".
6952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy To Use. Great Fit for Acoustic Guitars.  Very Hapy Camper


6440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thr best pickups I have ever purchqse are seymour duncan.... this pickups really give energy to any body of a guitar... this pick ups shredd....

I used to sand the finish off back in the 80's, but now they only have a slight finish on them that does not cause them to get slippery. They also last a LONG time compared to the softer (and lighter weight) hickory sticks, and do not splinter and break unless you play extremely hard with them for quite some time.
5016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	yes, if your willing to swap out strap locks with originals these work fine...i did have a problem with drilling new holes into my guitars...but its explained what  size bit to use so wasn't a big problem...i tried not to drill on most of my guitars  some fit without drilling some did not..good luck...good price welll made..

2965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product. Sturdy, threads aren't cheap. have lasted me many years.
7148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is just another choice of slide for my Lap Steel, it gives lots of control. I am glad to have it, now I have 3 choices for playing slide parts.
Can't say I'd recommend these to a guitarist, but you might like the 2mm stubbies for that.
8904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are nice and thin, just what I was looking for in a pick.  They seem durable so far and the light color makes them easy to see when you drop one or set it down.  I'm satisfied with these picks.
199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tried an off-brand, Cherub. hated it--cable broke where it goes into the housing, and it felt light and cheap. Bought this one by Yamaha. Love it. Works as it should. I have a Yamaha keyboard.
6665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I recently purchased one of the Freedom Capos and was delighted that it has a US flag design, not the design shown in the picture.  Kaiser Capos work well and I enjoy using them.
2585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always wanted a Midiverb 4 and now they are cheap and so I bought one. Its a great little unit. I received an owners manual with it also. Works great and I couldn't be happier.
1481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job that I need it to do...  Nothing fancy just efficient.
-  They stayed in tune and their intonation was great
The other thing is that those "bars" that run over the top of the headband are actually wires coated in plastic, not just plastic. They can be bent and flattened out some for better comfort if your head is getting squeezed, just be a bit careful and take your time to get good results.
6914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As nice as any case I've ever had from Gibson.

Id say that these could be considered just about right in between brushes and drum sticks VOLUME WISE.  That would be fairly / roughly accurate.
2. Then you would argue that soundproofing is the art of isolating the sound from one room to the next or from the outside world. And sound absorption does not stop the transmission or movement of sound. I would counter argue: if parts of the sound have been absorbed by the foam then the transmitted sound have been reduced. Is it safe to say that a reduced sound is a quieter acoustic transfer?


9428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks.  They don't break easy.  Durable.
3800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very similar to the vandoren in the grey box it's a matter of preference when it comes to choice
3519	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I got this a few weeks ago.  I messed around with it long enough to know I don't have a regular need for it.  It sounded cool in an experimental kind of way, and I may find a use for it some day, but seemed to create noise at the lower frequency notes (...and that could just be my amp) and produced a lot of sounds (at various settings) that I thought were terrible.  As for the effect itself, I just found it hard to use it in a predictable way.  It was fun to play around with but every time I've tried to work with it, I find myself shutting it off to get to the sound I am going for.  I knew it would sound electronic, that's it's key trait, but just found it making things sound muddy, especially with the fuzz setting.  I don't like it's distortion feature at all.  I will continue to play around and figure out if I have a use for it but it will take a lot of effort on my part.  Not the kind of pedal that "out-of-the-box" blows you away, but not a terrible thing to have either if you have a niche use for this kind of sound.
Spend less and you probably wouldn't get this quality. Spend more and you're not getting anything extra.
4129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great effects pedal as all Boss products are

5478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Harmonica is an Instant classic
218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
I will purchase more of these and will mod each and every one of them.
1075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice, strong and looks longer than it actually is hehe. very satisfied! I recommend!
I was so negatively surprisde by the fact that there were some coating defects on the first string.
6619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Worked great. Just as expected.
3516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sounding for my 12 strings. Nice chimey sound.
8283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought two sets of these heads, one for the batters on one drum kit, and a second set for the resonant sides on another drum kit. Evans G1 (and also G2) drum heads are exemplary. I wouldnt use anything else.
8923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good capo, is no aggressive with the neck and works is supposed.

'Sony MZ-NF810CK Net MD MiniDisc Recorder with Car Kit'
I have another chorus pedal for bass and this one has replaced it so to speak. I received the unusual 1/8 connector with the pedal and the only downside of the pedal is if you misplace the adaptor like I did, keep an eye on it and find some great tones.
3491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal does exactly what it's advertised to do. Like most, it requires some twiddling and reading of instructions to figure out.
3343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There when I needed it. It does the job!
9264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best picks ever, and a serious bargain compared to what Guitar Center sells them for.
5307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these back in the late 60's when I started to play and loved it. But it finally got old and broke after about 30 years of use. I couldn't believe these are still around. I love it.
4468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these strings! Long life and great sound!
4194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice and well padded gig bag to use for local events when you will be doing all the handling of your instrument. DO NOT use this to transport your instrument through baggage check in when flying, you will only have a bag of banjo pieces when you arrive if you do.
8270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described


- Compared to other headphones, one of the best sounding under $200
4346	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use them for all of my guitars and so far they just fit right in. Takes five minutes to install. No more random drops.

8639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every guitarist could benefit at one time or another from one of these pick holders. Does the trick!

I'll live with these and when I get some cash, buy some high end AKGs.  I like what i hear.  May not be top of line but my audio and music sound good.
5697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My first quick release capo for 12 string.  Works very well, good craftsmanship.
5440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used these strings for years, and they have always delivered.

2606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play music regularly at restaurants and sometimes you'll be in a venue where less is definitely more and you don't want overkill.  This amp is perfect for those kind of situations.  It has great tone for a small solid state amp.  It's also really easy to travel with.
66	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these offered in a special bundle on Amazon. They are in a class by themselves - really a top product. I have pro speaker gear from JBL, Mackie and Cerwin Vega. They are all good, but for me, these QScs are simply the best for sound quality/clarity, loudness and integrated power (500W per driver = 1000W per cabinet). When you then further consider the portability, functionality and performance, they are fully worth their premium price tag. I was initially sceptical about the high price, having bought them after all my others, and for more money, but I now think they may well have been my best-value purchase of the lot. I certainly use them more than all the others for convenience including outside jobs with potentially suspect weather (I got the matching outdoor speaker covers and so they can play on their stands outdoors in light rain). I remember at an outdoor gig once, the wind blew my projector screen unto my K10 speaker and stand, so that the K10 fell about 7ft to the hard asphalt ground. It suffered a small dent on the front grill (was in the cover), but did not skip a beat and kept right on playing through the incident, and have continued on with no problems ever since
4357	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Received on time. Installed, look great, hopefully hold up to some light abuse by meand of live gigging.
6981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good strings. Makes the old guitar sound really good once again.

6007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to replace one that I misplaced, then found the other and am glad I have 2!  It's got an excellent distortion sound and has great pickup attack.  Nice and sturdy, great that it takes battery as well as 9v DC converter.
The teacher recommended Martin strings for this guitar, and we purchased this set without a hitch.  Even though our son's fingers have toughened nicely, his teacher said that these would still take a bit of getting used... and that advice was right on the mark.
Accessories: As stated in other reviews, the accessories are nothing to write home about.  The case fits well and the zipper works smoothly, but has absolutely no padding. It will keep the dust off and give you a carrying handle, but that's about it. The strap is about a $10 nylon strap...you'll probably want something more comfortable if you plan on playing much.  As mentioned earlier, the cable from the guitar to the amp is a very cheap one.  It probably causes hum and at best will not hold up very long. I have a bunch of good cables, so that's not really an issue.  The tuner supplied works fine.  Put the batteries in, switch the switch to "Bass" and tune for the green lights on the appropriate string notes.  Mine was very close to being in tune out of the box, just a slight bit low on all strings. The tuners on the guitar work smoothly.  I haven't even looked at the DVD, but according to other reviews, it is not all that great.  I bought this package for the guitar and amp, so the accessories are not really that big of a concern to me. I will throw a tip in...there is a very good, complete beginners course available online at studybass.com, and it is absolutely free.
PLUS the reeds last a LONG TIME!
Overall this pedal is a steal - look around and find a used one for a good price. I'd considered a modtone Speedbox, but decided to go with the generally bulletproof Boss instead, for basically the same price.  I couldn't be happier.
So when people say that the MT-2 ruins tone, kindly remind them that "full" and "on" are not not synonymous when referring to dial controls.
9937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really like the sound quality on the Banjo.  Best strings I have used so far on my instrument.
1) They've swapped which portion of the rack has the hooks, and which portion has the clasps. The clasps are now on the rack, not the lids. This is reverse of my 4 space gator rack and often leads to some fumbling around since I'm used to holding the clasps as I remove the lid. Same with putting the lids on - it makes much more sense to hold the lid by the clasps and put it on the rack
2077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yes they are the same tone as one reviewer stated, however I like that as it provides an effect that is soothing.  It is nice to start or end a meditation session with it. Good craftsman ship.  Don't expect to play a tune on it though.
416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!  High quality .  I would recommend this to anybody.  Why pay more in a store when you can get it delivered to your door and for cheaper.
9951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far..so good. They are very sharp looking guitars.
6563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these will fit 1.0, 1.5, and 2 bars. I wanted to put one of these on a 1.37 speaker stand but it is just too loose. I was only using them for lightweight purposes so I shimmed the inside and it was fine.
8412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop is my fave pick. I am an amateur and I would consider myself a decent picker and strummer (playing for many years...but not in a band).  I play  Acoustic and Electric..Country, bluegrass and R&R .
6821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit nice and tight on my light bar from GC will order more soon. Holds a ton of weight on the light bar good job
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
9631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it

1122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works great for 2 identical microphones when singing karaoke.  You need extra software if you are connecting directly to your TV.  I recommend Kjams since it has a volume control for the microphone and music separately.
Recommended!
Both play well as the necks and frets are done very well.
Cons of this glass slide:  its a closed bottle and it gets warm in there! so much so i just wanna take the glass off my finger after a little bit. maybe not good for the long run?
these things are so comfy and look so nice.
9040	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo is even more stunning in person than in the pictures. I bought it for my girlfriend who is learning guitar and she fell in love with it. As an experienced guitar player, I think it is a nicely made capo.
No kidding.  They work great with guitar (for a REAL acoustic guitar sound, drums, congas, tablas... You name it..  if it's an instrument the SM57 delivers.
8609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty mush a good looking microphone stand and the pick holder feature is just brilliant. This is practically made for those vocalist and guitar player both at the same time band member. I like it very brilliant.
4639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are good for the average guitar player who doesn't want to much strain or pain on there fingers. Not the fullest tone, but you wouldn't expect that with extra light strings.
Second the Schaller: (chrome/nickel)
1258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great buy no static
3128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product - Super Fast Service!!!
3919	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Capo is a good choice for your banjo. Works Great !!!
7730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
7215	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No need to buy those pricy D'addario strings. These Martin's do the trick just fine and cost less. I highly recommend these.
6608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice, lightweight, durable bag for storing and carrying my Epiphone SG Pro 400.  I wouldn't use it for heavy duty use, but for light activity it's great.
3147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works well for me holding a 10 LBS 7 String for over a month now and no issues to report.

9430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop picks are almost unbreakable.
8680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the Evans 360s. These rock..
#4, I use both this and the EJ model.
2851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The sound with this headphones is really great. I recommend it
126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had a Yamaha Recorder for 15 years. I recently bought this for my friend who likes mine. I am a loyal yamaha consumer. Cant go wrong with it.

5215	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these straplocks for over 10 years now and never had a guitar or bass break free on me either live or in the studio...they simply work and cost next to nothing to boot. Folks, this is the best insurance you can buy for protecting you precious instrument from popping off of you strap, even if you do some serious gymnastics on stage it's not going anywhere. This is a must have, just buy it!
332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not very flexible, wouldn't buy again. More like a network cable than an instrument cord. Gets the job done but Meh.
2603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had both this and the15r, liked this allot better. Big sound, and handles pedals excellent. For its size it is a scream with excellent tone..
282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT
28	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very ordinary suctions, but strong. Can adjust the angle and height. Overall well adjustable.
4199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this product.
5795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Epiphone Case is the very best in quality case available for your Les Paul. From the soft plush interior, (which provides a "snug fit" for your Les Paul preventing it from sliding around inside), to the strong construction of the case body, your guitar is protected. The case is covered in a durable leather like covering with the Epiphone name in gold on the top. It's hinged hardware and latches are very well made, with one having a keyed lock to help keep your instrument safe. The outer top of the case is slightly domed to provide even more strength, dispursing the energy from an inpact out toward the sides, away from the guitar inside. A soft padded handle set at just the right balance point makes it comfortable to carry. I have cases made by others, but none compare to this case. Some of those others have put such little thought into their cases, that they actually have an aluminum edge around the top and bottom of the opening. One careless moment with these, and your guitar is going to have an imprint that will be there as long as the guitar.
3449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As described.

- Sound.  See shure's youtube video comparing the PG, SM, and SM Beta lines.  For the price, this mic compares very favorably.

630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints. Works as described. Serves us well!
-----------Comparison with other mid-price Harmonicas (lowest to highest score)
Light for a Les Paul

I'll update this review if/when it breaks.
As a side note I've used the old walnut trick to get rid of the scratches. If you do not know this trick be sure to look it up.
7421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter said she could tell immediately that these were better reeds than she was using.  She said she sounded much better.  I'm glad I bought these, and found a reed that helps her to sound better.
I gring and dig extemeley hard whan I pick.
BUILD QUALITY - The marketing of the "XL" and "XL+" is a bit confusing because I am pretty sure that both models are actually lighter, smaller, and have fewer knobs and buttons than the original microKORG (while generally going for the same price or possibly a little more).  The build quality and choice of materials is probably the poorest aspect of the XL+.  Considering that this is a product intended to retail for around $500, and comparing that to what is offered by the new Korg Minilogue and comparably priced (but functionally very different) products from Arturia and Novation, the plastic housing, plastic jacks, and semi-suspect knobs are a bit of a disappointment.  To be honest, if I were any kind of serious musician that needed to play this synth live (or even take it out of my house), I probably couldn't give it a 5-star review.  But I think that it's a device that should work and continue to work for many years in a home studio setting, and with reasonable care and use.
9492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks at great price! These might go dull fast but you can hold on to them while your hands are sweating so that's what would matter to me if playing a gig. Which I do not do by the way. The only way to improve this pick would be make it glow in the dark, but I doubt it would have the same texture.
9621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin strings are the only strings I have used on my 12 string Guitars.
Bends easily.
I have friends who use them for electric, which is how I discovered them.
2157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the N44 7 nice and used them for a long time
3260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clarity, volume, eq'd perfectly for my voice, cuts through everything and sounds really amazing. I haven't found any other live vocal mic that compares.
9198	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love em
2469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Most versatile mic. I have 4 now. Miking snare, toms, and random other things. This is also my go to mobile studio mic.
3450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are nice quality. Haven't had a chance to hear them plugged in yet. They have a pretty nice feel to them. I like the red coating at the top, helps with a snug tuning.
6247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these, have been using them for years. I like the "scratchy" feel of the Dunlop over smooth Fender picks. I prefer Ultex over Tortex because they give you just a little bit more grip.
3722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This classic is hard to beat. It's built like brick and works forever.
If you're worried about the nylon chassis, don't be. I'm usually very down on plastic but I've seen this and the core of one of one of their fancy old mic stands hold for years and years with no troubles.

1805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these to plug my Subs into the sub port on my Crossover from the Amp works good nice product for the price

3416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hey, it gets the job done and that's all I can ask for.  I tried several "cheapo" pedals, and this one was my favorite of them all.  While some had better casings (metal instead of plastic), at the end of the day I'm looking for a good sound, not a pretty pedal board.  The pedal seems solid enough, it doesn't take up much space, it sounds great, and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.
8303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser Capos are the best!  Works on guitars and a variety of other instruments.
Rugged all metal construction and no hum or noise.
The design seems quite functional and is esthetically pleasing ...
1264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good and working well so far
1214	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This cable showed up on my doorstep and let me down right away. Within the first few days it cracked and popped and was put in the "crap" pile in storage. These cables are poorly constructed and just not worth the money at all. Pay a little more for something that works and lasts.
788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just got back into guitar after a 20 year break, and started gearing up again. This past year, I bought a Kirlin cable, this Hosa cable, a GLS Audio cable, and a Seismic Audio cable.  Of the bunch, the Kirlin is my favorite -- it's clear that the metal connector design and the strain reliefs are designed for heavy duty usage. The cable thickness is also the largest diameter of the 4 I bought, and the weave of the braid is tight. Overall, if I had to guess which cable was going to last the longest, I'd guess the Kirlin one. It will last forever used just my house; if I were to ever start gigging again, I'd guess it would last at least a few years of hard gigging, or quite a few years of light gigging. That said, this was also the second most expensive of the above cables -- by just a few dollars, sure, but if you absolutely know the cable won't be subject to much abuse, the Hosa or GLS Audio also seem great without compromising too much on quality.

2111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice product, I would tell my friends to buy this.
1186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as designed. Used it with 2 mics plugged into one channel on my crate telluride acoustic guitar amp and plugged guitar in another channel. If your low on inputs and need another vocal this works great. I did have to turn the volume up a little more than I do with a single mic cable.
8903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	ive been using dunlop nylon standard picks since the early 80s. they have never let me down. very comfortable in the hand.
have fun.
7230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ok good
2549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just my experience here,  I'm new to scratching but I'm a music/guitar/bass/keyboards/theory teacher with many many years of experience in music and audio.
As time went on, I tried the Dunlop Jazz III XLs and stuck with them for three years. It worked great for Jazz, Blues, Rock, and Metal.  Also, the wide base worked well with aggressive strumming, and the stiffness allowed for aggressive single-note lines. You could really move those strings around with authority and accuracy.  Yet I soon realized that I was in a rut, and could not increase my speed during my practice of scales and fast riffs.
3900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	1
Maybe not the best for shredding, but you can make them work for that as well with some practice.
Ive been using it for a couple of weeks and am very happy with it. Let me tell you why.
3356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it was good
and start at about $30.  The argument is that laptop soundcards
3272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing quality at an amazing price. The best vocal mic from share!!!
8650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I would give these picks five stars, but I do have a couple of other types I prefer more.  Still, these are nice picks.  So far I've only used them on 12-string guitar, but I'll soon be trying them out on 6-string guitars.
5582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am surprised at the quality of this case for the price. Very durable material, solid zipper, lots of padding and roller wheels. It has internal padded straps to hold your keyboard securely, although if you have a synth with a lot of knobs on top, you may not be able to use the straps. I use it with my DSI Poly Evolver, and put a large piece of cardboard across the top covering the knobs, then use the padded straps over that.
It's a lot of fun, too.

I've always liked the parametric EQ on this pedal. The variable midrange allows me to get Marshall or Mesa flavors. For most metal/hard rock music, the gain range is enough for me. If I need yet more gain, I punch it up with an overdrive, or a compressor pedal for a cleaner boost. Even without a boost, I can use it for death metal. I think if you play the tighter, more technical styles, it's better not to have too much gain anyhow.
8978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For keeping your guitar picks where you can quickly grab them the Dunlop mic stand pick holder is EXTREMELY efficient and useful ESPECIALLY when performing live. Always great products and always dependable. I also own the guitar maintenance kits and the capo. Not one product has let me down yet. My capo is 8 years old.
It's a bit dark sounding (but you can modify it)
My friend who is a professional highly recommends the one above.
expect with a steel center. Also, nickel plated steel strings appear to not sustain as well as pure
5574	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First of all let me say this appears to be a very well made case, and it is very roomy, almost too much so but better too big than too small. I bought another brand of case that was supposed to be for a 61 key case and did not fit my Casio CTK6000, but it pretty much swims in this one, which makes the velcro straps very important to secure the unit inside the case. The outside pouches are very large also, and the zippers well made. This is definitely a purchase I do not regret.
There is a lot to explore in this little synth.
Controls are simple, an on/off toggle switch (Activated by stepping all the way down, may be a bit too hard to press at times) and then you just rock the pedal back and forth. No fancy volume or tone knobs, just rocking action. Simple, yet effective.
5214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I don't know if this is a common problem, but i have these on both of my basses, and one of the arms that attaches to the actual body of the instrument is starting to show some sort of blemishing, like metal does before it rusts, it is literally only one of the arms out of 4 i have so i think it was just a random thing. The problem is that it makes it so my strap doesn't just spin free in it so the screw keeps getting loose, and one time (the first time) i didn't notice and it actually fell out. Notice i still like the product, this was just one of those things i think, so I would still recommend it.
7236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	boring? yes, consistent? yes. this is probably the most used drum machine, top 20 EASY, ever. I got it years ago. I have yet to upgrade, so it is frustrating, cause this bad boy has no bells and whistles. that said, for a young person recording at home, this is perfect for the first few years of making music, though now you can pony up like 200 and get something far superior. this is good to learn on, it has step recording which I used a little, then ran out of patience, lol. It has a nice live recording setup where you set up how many measures you want, then can add and take out sounds as it is going, so that's cool, and you can make some complex stuff that way, or just try to emulate a real drummer, which is tough with a drum machine cause you immediately start doing stuff a drummer could never do, like hi hat/snare/cymbal/some other sound, but hey, it's not against the law.....yet, lol. bottom line, for a young rock person that needs a beat to record over, this hits the spot, for others, like electronic music people and rock people (like me) it can be limiting. the snare sounds are unfortunate, though I imagine that is an issue with most drum machines till you get to a certain price point.
was using promark bamboo-looking sticks (forgot what they are called), but nothing sounds as good as having real wood.

8512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great strings !!!

3546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bought Daddarios and the guitar sounded awful....read another review on Daddario and the phos/bronze coated is not for a strumming dreadnought guitar which the dealer put on and said was the best.....anything for a sale...yuck...knew it...Martin and martin Marquis is all you need...the bonze sound from an inexpensive string bought on amazon brought the sound back on a 12 string.......dealers don't carry the inexpensive string that works.....please buy here and get your sound back with just plain bronze from MARTIN.........don't forget not to custom your guitar starting with these.....restring with large string on top and custom with bronze on the bass strings....

Great quality - The metal tips from Hosa are sturdy and easy to take apart if repairs are needed.

these mic's are as good as any budget mic's out there on the market and they preforme
1452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works really well for me. I use this when I'm recording my ISA One into my Profire 2626. I use this with my XLR cable to bypass the internal preamp on my Profire 2626. Works perfect.
516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly between an external microphone and camcorder. No noise.

7096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect recording buddy. Easy to use and sounds great!
8.  It can run on batteries if you don't have a  power supply/adapter.
This BBE 882i Sonic Maximizer really does add brightness and punch to music. Especially to ballads. It really brightens up the vocals.
8137	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Impossibe to actually put on your guitar, since the holes in the leather were almost non-existent.. I ended up needing scissors, a screwdriver, and pliers. Beyond ridiculous, do not buy this strap or this brand.

7859	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Their Martin, my Martin guitar and I love them. Very nice tone and they have been holding up well.
The Bad: I have an extensive record collection dating back to the 50's and 60's.  With this cart and stylus is solid, the sonic resolution of it lacks a bit.  It's a spherical stylus instead of a elliptical and that may be responsible for some of it.  By any means, it doesn't sound bad.  Just not as clean and clear as other carts and stylus I've used with my turntable.
2993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I throw away the cheap screws that come with the rack systems and use these. Haven't failed me yet! also the rubber washer is a big plus.
Don't let the reasonable price fool you - this is a very good guitar that you won't be sorry you purchased -not a month from now, not a year from now & most likely you'll still be enjoying it years & years from now. It's that good & it's a great value. Highly recommended!
2. The cable itself is somewhat stiff. It's probably because it has better shielding properties, but it's more difficult to coil than my other Planet Waves cables.
Realistically, if the screws weren't total crap, this might have been a 3 or 4 star review. Once you deal with the fact that a normal screwdriver won't fit and get the things properly installed, it would probably work out for most people. So if you are stuck with a set, here's what I recommend:
3016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a present for my Brother Christmas of 2014. He LOVED it and uses it as a throw to keep him warm in his recliner. And he pretty much lives in his recliner!
232	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice and smooth press, no clicking or noise when pressed.  Does exactly what it is supposed to do and appears to be built well.  Not cheaply made, should be a long lasting pedal.

Build quality is good, and since it's TRS, the signal is very clean. Works perfectly for my needs. Have 2 of them - left and right - and it sounds great.

6249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy these picks and got tired of buying a few at a time only to be wondering where they went.  The 72 pack has kept me well supplied.
9201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pics

So is it the best OD / Distortion pedal ? No, there are others that sound better but not by a mile, for the price I think this is a great score.


5174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the ONLY straplocks I use, and I have them for ALL of my guitars.  They are the only ones I trust.  They are solid, secure, and they look great.  And the push button release makes them pretty convenient too, without sacrificing security.  Love 'em!!
9282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have this Evans EQ on my DW Remo head using Trick Dominator metal beaters and they have not disappointed at all. I'm in NM and it is very dry and through nine months of playing everyday they are not delaminating, wearing out or otherwise failing. There is no clicking noise or muting of the head and they are very reactive. I highly recommend!
4923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install. Work as advertised. Substantial and secure!

4802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A bit more expensive, but excellent quality and fit and no "fuzzy" lint on the keys. Fits my Korg Kross very well! Gator has always made quality stuff - same story here.
And yeah, I know it's the same as the traditional string but with the silk wrapped on the end of the wire, to protect your bridge. But I've come to believe that the silk also does something to the bridge pins, as they do sound ever so slightly mellower, perhaps rounder. The Marquis string works great with ebony pins (which some folks might consider too edgy).
I love the sound they bring those light "tics" they bring with each hit really adds a sound I like.
The base of the filter that screws onto the desk/pole/etc. didn't feel like it held too firmly. The round plastic it pushes in has a bit of grooves, but wasn't textured in a way that made me confident it wouldn't slide down.
3464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Only good for reeds from 2-4 strengths. Beyond that get a different mouthpiece. Anyways I have an E11 with this mouthpiece and the Vandoren Optimum, and I've had 3 professionals say I have the perfect set-up. Helps you really to get that round sound.
9470	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not too picky, now im pickfull.
5609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought for my Nord Stage 2.  I can fit the tri-pedal unit in the external pouch.  Cables get stuck in the pouch and/or with the keyboard.
7075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What else can I say?  Personally, these are the best I've used.  Grip is impeccable and they're pretty durable for the most part.
4681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent!!! A+++


4707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Already had a pair of these for my Chapman ML-3 Modern (weighty beast at about 9.8-10 pounds) and they've been holding up GREAT, so I bought a second set for my Strat.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ZWNYF7E/ref=cm_sw_r_sms_awd_Mww4wb1D07T5M
3777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only strings I use for my electric
1150	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several of these cables and have had absolutely no problem with them. On the other hand, I splurged and bought a Monster cable a few years ago. It's now got a break in the line, and when I contacted Monster, I was told I had to have the original store receipt to get a warranty replacement. Who holds on to a receipt for a cable?
1478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works. I haven't had it long enough to see if it passes a long term cable test. But it has been great so far.
9341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are really awesome!  The pure nickel wrap has much mellower and richer tone than nickel-plated steel.  I like them on humbucker guitars - I have a 1989 Paul Reed Smith Signature guitar which these suit perfectly.  I like D'Addario XL110s on Strats and Musicman guitars, but on the PRS, the XL110s sound thin compared to the Gibsons (interestingly, both sets sound about the same on a Strat).  The only downsides are that they cost more and don't last very long compared to D'Addarios.  If you have a PRS or Les Paul, you owe it to yourself to try a set of these out - you won't be disappointed.  The feel of the Gibsons is much nicer than the pure-nickel Ernie Ball or Fender strings and the sound is better too.
and it was deleivered on time too...
2701	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a microphone to interview attendees at an event that I was going to work. After researching several microphones I decided to go with the Shure SM58. Let me start by saying that this microphone is a an interviewers dream. The sound is crisp and clear. There is no handling noise to speak of and the build quality is top of the line. You should ahold it about 6 inches or so from your subject to guarantee clear audio. There is no need to use phantom power for this mic so it saves battery life if you're using a pre-amp or have it connected to an XLR input on a professional camcorder. I hooked this baby up to my Beachtek Pure pre-amp and was off and running. I would recommend this microphone to any who asks.
6339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Feels good, if you like a fairly stiff pick. Looks like it will last forever, contrary to other Dunlops in my inventory. Try it.
2616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good price, solid headphones.
I absolutely love hooking these up to my PA and playing live - since they reject much of the background noise, I can crank my PA up loud and it sounds very clear. Also, these are fairly good at rejecting feedback. When I mic my Marshall amp the guitar comes through incredibly loud and clear. You can certainly find a better mic for vocals (these are a little flat-ish and your singer really needs to belt it to get the most out of these), but for general purpose these work great.
I like them because they make picks bigger, and smaller, than 1.0 mm.  They are smooth, but don't slip and slide around.  Best pick I have found.

Check out the music video! It's the same capo Colbie Caillat used in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bubbly/dp/B000VAISKI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bubbly</a>!
1200	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	what can I say ? product does what it is supposed to do and does it well, I will buy again
2023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this to do fairly close interviews no more than 5-20 feet away. So far, no static at these distances. However, I did a little test in my backyard and walked about 100 feet away. At about the 40' distance, I started to get some static that got worse as I went up to 100' away.  Not a constant static, but enough to keep me close (FYI I have lots of phone lines and power lines going over my yard which may have caused the static).
1041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and as decribed
618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! I need a shorter cable and this fit the bill perfectly. It arrived just when it was expected. Good results.
1734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! useful for the price.
857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At the purchase price, I could not pass up the insane deal. The product is top quality. Try it out at Guitar Center to see for yourself.
3056	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought my first pair of Monitor One speakers from Alesis when they first came out over twelve years ago. I used them for front speakers in a home theater sound system, for recording studio monitors, as stereo speakers in my home audio system, and I've used them as PA speakers for practice drum sessions. Except for a tweeter that blew about eight years ago (and Alesis was GREAT! providing a replacement tweeter) these speakers are still going strong. You will not find a more robust, better sounding pair of studio monitors for the money, especially at the sale prices being offered now (3/4/10). In fact, I just ordered my second pair of Monitor Ones on Tuesday. I've been overdue for a pair of the MK IIs, which are magnetically shielded. The original Monitor Ones are not magnetically shielded, something to keep that in mind if you're looking to buy used. You'll want a magnetically shielded pair if you plan on housing the monitors near a TV or computer.
537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable, great price!
9541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks for strumming.  Just thin enough to be able to manipulate a full strum but not too thin where it is hard to pick individual strings.
6477	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Luckily this is only used to store a particular guitar in my house but this bag is barely more than a cheap dust cover. Very little padding. I wouldn't trust to take it out with a band and risk it getting tossed around too harshly. For the money it works but not really impressed. I expected a bit more from Epiphone.
60	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the Chord Buddy!!! I have learned to play the guitar and have learned to strum so many ways!! I have shown it to my friends and one friend had me order one for her!!  I just can't say enough. If you love music, you will love this!!!  Karen Strader
4624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No frills. Very good
Not only that, but they make a pretty cheap present for guitar player friends,
6251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great item visually.
5051	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	On off button doesn't work. Wtf?
I wish more people would give unbiased reviews based on actual performance instead of condescension toward those who are either on a budget or looking for alternatives to the standard bearer. I'm giving this 4 stars only because I haven't had enough time to give an evaluation of how this holds up in comparison to the SM58.
Here we are, these are my recommendations for those who really seek to learn to play classical/Spanish guitar:
862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really high quality, doesn't tangle easily, looks cool, and the angled plug is less stress on both the cable, and your amp plugin
The Dual Design are my favorites, because the strap buttons will hold a strap without the lock in a pinch. Buttons on Dunlop Original or Schaller aren't quite as user friendly.
The AKGs are particularly exquisite if you are into midrange-dominant music like jazz, classical, or vocal music: instruments and voices come across with remarkable realism in tonality and timbre, and quickly become very addictive.  Whereas on the Grados the midrange seemed rather thin and recessed, and overshadowed by the treble and bass.


593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's strong, well priced and it works with all my synths.  Thank you for the invention of midi and also for this cable!  I can now use my dx21 with my computer again
6894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I haven't used alot of other Capo's but these are ok. This is probably my 4th Kyser Capo, the rubber usually comes off after a while but I don't know why I like and keeping this particular type of Kyser Capos. Its just easy to use and it grips on well.

4857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have had a set of these on one of my guitars for 10 years now with no issues. It makes strapping up a very quick process. So good in fact that I decided to put them on two more of my guitars that I use to play out with. The Dunlop Straplok system makes the process of switching out a  guitar on stage a very effortless move. It also affords a quick breakdown when removing the strap before packing the guitar in its case. Great quality. Be sure to match the finish to the machines on your guitars for a professional look!
4712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice good price
6841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Best ones I've tried. They are sturdy and easy to use. Makes setting up and breaking down light system so much faster.
4352	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This guitar had the worst tuning pegs I have ever seen. Guitar would not stay in tune even for 1 song. I tried a heavier gauge string but they were no better. Might be a decent instrument if you put on a set of tuning pegs but I didn't want to bother. Returned it.
7325	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sweet chorus, I have the CE5, the CE20, a CE3 and this one. This chorus is my favorite, it sounds just right, the analog CE3 is awesome but too weak, Boss should include a level knob instead of a stereo control, anyway this one is a keeper!
1697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
Oh yea, the real Sure sm58 mike, great voice response, picks up and handles voices great, not too touchy about being a bit off center and rejected background noise very well.  No surprises with this mike... unless you go for the deals.
866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems. Cable works well.
8905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these. They are great for my acoustic. I like light-medium strings and these work great on them. Awesome!
1440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable. Well made, sturdy with good connectors. Much less expensive than cables at music stores of the same quality.
7631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A quick easy to use capo. Only takes one hand to use, so you can spend more time playing
4404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Dunlop Dual Design straplocks for years. I've had very few problems with them.
2004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone.
6652	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Work great but are heavy compared to the aluminum ones that I have, so if you are going to be carrying a box full, be ready for it.
All and all this is a solid product and I would recommend it for any beginner.
9964	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A nice matte finish gives these a good hold. Over time, they do wear smooth, but they hold up very well. I've had them for months and have yet to throw a pick away from overuse, though I do have other picks I use depending on what I'm playing. Thickness is exactly as advertised. They are heavy and thick and like all thick picks, they really bring tone out of the strings. Very good for picking or getting volume out of an acoustic. Really well made product and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them very highly to those seeking a thicker (1.0 mm) pick.
Cheers!
I took a chance and purchased the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Carrion-C-2901-Fretted-Resonator-Banjo-Case/dp/B001FB5Z4O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Carrion C-2901 Fretted Resonator Banjo Case</a>&nbsp;(sold here on Amazon) and it fits my Dean Backwoods 6 Banjo perfectly.  It's also about $20 cheaper than the Dean banjo case.  It looks great too.

1853	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable does the job. I have not had any shorts or signal problems yet after 1 year. You can spend a lot of money on good cables, but these will get you by.
6633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice quality.  Thus far, has not damaged my guitar in any way.  Works well and easy to use with just one hand.

These picks provide a significantly lower amount of pick noise than a celluloid pick, while retaining the gripping ideal of a delrin pick.  While I don't gravitate towards these for party-playing and the one-off "grab and go" style playing, they're on my short list of things to bring while recording.
4723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My first pair of strap locks and I will be buying more for the rest of my guitars, I LOVE THIS!
This Hosa is my second favorite; it seems a bit more durable than the GLS Audio. The strain reliefs on this cable are not as beefy as on the Kirlin, but plenty good enough for indoor play. If you play out at all or do more than just sitting in the same chair every time you practice, I would consider the Kirlin. At the time I purchased, the Kirlin was actually a little cheaper than the Hosa, which made it a better value. The Hosa is lighter and more flexible than the Kirlin, though, which you might prefer for indoor play. If my Hosa is closer by, I definitely don't bother looking for the Kirlin -- in fact, the Hosa is the one that stays plugged in most of the time, just because that's how things happened to end up.
I play on the side in a six-piece wedding band, who just happens to rock out at the clubs every so often, so i get to play hard and soft, fast and slow-and everything in between. i have one drum set at rehearsal, and one is packed up for the road. Both with Evans heads all the way around. Which reminds me: the Evans EMAD bass drum batter head is also hands-down the coolest sounding bass drum head i have ever heard. Do yourself a favor,get some Evans G1's or G2's. I haven't tried the new G12's yet, but it's early yet. Go forth,young son and check out Evans G1 tompack. Nice
5904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes the best capos.  This orange one just has a little more character than standard black.  Love it
As a DJ cartridge, though, it really shines and certainly has my vote!
6210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son needed a Capo, expensive at music  shop where he takes lessons.  At Amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price.
9331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these strings on my 2012 Les Paul Studio. They feel great, sound great, and last a really long time (at least for me). Add the benefit of being pure nickel and they don't wear on my frets as much.
425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed

142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	30ft is a practical length for live performances and in the studio. I have always been a fan of monster cable quality and design. Personally, it's the only cable I buy. Some might t honk the name is not worth the price. In a lot of cases that's true but not with this stuff the "100 series" microphone and instrument cables are excellent quality at reasonable prices.
4066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is a good pedal, but it just doesn't have the sound I was looking for. It is great for playing funk music, but for us metal heads, the wah is just too weak. For metal artists, I would recommend looking elsewhere. I am going to look into getting an Ibanez Weeping Demon, or a Morley, or whatever it is Behringer is limping to the barn with these days.
3914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cool strings.
2831	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are awesome. Very happy with this purchase.
The picks are picks.  Rounded, triangular pieces of plastic.  I haven't used them, because I've preferred finger-plucking so far.  Feels way more assured and direct, plus I find it easier to mute strings with the pick not in the way.  But they're a nice addition, for those that want them.
This may be my overall favorite pickup for tone, attack, and gain. It has a great thick sound with shimmering highs and clear lows. in my experience, Duncan does not make a "muddy" pickup across the line.
Once, however, I managed to tune this harp,..it sounded very Sweet!
1132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great with our Peavey and Fender amps and guitars. Very flexible and doesn't tangle easily. Should have bought more when they were on sale.
6756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Usually the lights bring their nuts and bolts to put in the stands, just annoying ques and takes a little more time, but with these, you can mount and unmount lights more quickly. This thank you when it comes to picking the teams after parties and concerts arrives.
- Response curve.  Fairly flat with 10 db drop-off from 200 to 50 hz.  Can be used to mic almost anything with a bit of eq tweaking.

8692	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Better than keeping spare picks in your pockets on in the headstock. Not sure how I gigged without this for so long.
4837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always great. Priced right and timely shipping.
I would recommend this for anyone wanting to give ukulele a whirl. It's a fast learning curve, and super fun!

8264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift to my cousin who is a music major in college. She's loving it. It has a classy design that sets it out of the regular ones. It feels a little bit heavier than the regular capos, which indicates more sturdiness, durability, and more importantly, firmness. It holds on the guitar neck strongly and firmly. It gives the feel of professionalism. I am going to buy one for myself.
8941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recommend this Evans head series (G2 Coated) to any drummer. Professional or not. I've only been drumming for about a year now and I've had my own set for about 9-10 months. I got these heads about two months ago and they're still strong. The sound is amazing.. The first time I put them on, I fell in love with the sound. It gives you that nice deep sound on the toms and bass and a nice pop for the snare. These are my first heads after the regular stock heads my set brought (4-Piece Sound Percussion Drum set), I can't really say they are the BEST heads out there simply because I haven't tried any other heads. But I am 100% satisfied with these heads. They get the job done. Well recommended!
Holes might be a bit tight if you wanted to put a bunch of studio condenser or ribbon mics in the bag. But you shouldn't be taking those to a gig anyway.. they will be destroyed. I have a second bag with the pricey mics in it, and that travels to on-site recording sessions, but doesn't go to performances. You should do the same, at least if you want to be taken seriously as a microphone geek. If you just have one of those special deals on a case of SM57s and SM58s, you can probably just keep those in the brown shopping bag you're using today.. you're clearly not cool enough for this bag.
26	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this set, based on the reviews, as a gift for a young neice.  Rather than just giftwrapping the box, I took the uke out, tuned it, retuned it, stretched the strings, retuned it.  After 2 days, it would hold tune for about 3 minutes of playing (junk strings are probably to blame).  I did all this because my neice would be a beginner and therefore be easily frustrated by an instrument that would not hold tune.  Next I went to a "learn to play" site on the net and found C Am F G7 chord diagrams and started to attempt to play.  The strings were so high off the fretboard that any note fingered above the 3rd fret would pull the string out of tune.  The easy chords were difficult because the high strings got in the way of my fingers so that I could not finger a chord cleanly.
2912	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this microphone for announcing at baseball and football games. Works great! I did purchase an inline on/off switch, though.
5669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to get on and off guitar. Beautiful color!
C ya.  Happy strumming.  Mahalo.
I use them on acoustic because I like a little more flexibility. They are flexible enough for my purposes without being too "floppy".
* 2 pickups: NYR & NYT mini humbuckers
2195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product has been a real pleasure to use and it tracks very well. I have the older model with a sabata and it performs just as well . The bottom is smooth and the highs are accurate l use a pro-jet phono preamp and it another 20 db.  boost , my recordings to cd sound great. The cost was a little high but the 140 gives my denon 110 mc a run for the money.  Good recording.  Mph from long beach
Sometimes I have to adjust it just right so the chords play correctly. It will not play as well as when  you learn fingering but is is an easy way to learn to play..
9478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, the Epiphone Les Paul came in earlier this morning!
2315	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Legendary sound and reliability. Always priced the same wherever they are sold.
5780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit the les paul perfectly. Storage space inside for accessories.
cam and also separate adjustments for each pedal for how much tention you prefer on each
I originally purchased my set for micing drums, but have never had an occasion to truly need them due to the type of music I play and the venues in which I play them. I have used them, but did not really need them. On the other hand, I found that they are perfect for other instruments and micing amplifiers. In fact, I will put the DM70s in this set up against a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SM57-Microphone/dp/B000CZ0R3S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SM57 Microphone</a>&nbsp;- costing nearly four times the price - for micing instruments and amps.
Although it is flimsy it does exactly what you want it to: protect a much higher investment in your instrument. From that perspective it's a value and I - for one - am pleased with it because before I got it I constantly worried about the effects of dust on my keyboard.
6090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There's some element of nostalgia with the DS-1 that I've just never understood.  I know they're cheap.  I know they're incredibly durable (as are all BOSS pedals).  I know everybody had one or tried one at some point, and Kurt Cobain (apparently) used them with his Fenders.
4713	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The Epiphone Les Paul guitars don't particularly sound that great, but they stay in tune much better than the cheap squier strat you can get at the same or lower price. If your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. The reason for this is because for 1, if they decide it's not something they want to do anymore, you can resell it at the same price you bought it for (as long as it is still in decent condition) and little no money is lost. Second, if they do decide to stick with playing guitar and eventually own a "better" or more high end guitar, Mexican made teles or strats are great back up guitars for stage use. I have a couple different high end guitars and I will not get rid of my Mexy Strat because it sounds great still. I'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this.
I think what was confusing to me was that the machine has two data banks, one for preset patterns and the other for user patterns.  User patterns have a lot of preset patterns, so that was a bit confusing to me.  When I created a new pattern, it went all the way after the preset patterns in the user pattern section.  I felt like new patterns disappeared.
652	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Hosa cables and connectors.  I use my Hosa cables for patching between wireless receivers and my mixing board.  "0" failure rate with moderate to heavy use.
7700	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	An old standby that just doesn't let you down. I've purchased a few very expensive capo's in the last few years. I just keep coming back to these.
340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just standard MIDI cables.  Work as expected.
7513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+++ product. As described and shown in photo. Bravo.

7648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Vandoren reeds are a pretty good reed, especially when comparing them with Rico reeds. The size of each reed is consistent from one to the next, unlike less expensive reeds.
9798	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not a good guitar at all. Hard to hold, hard to play, lost tone in no time. It's only saving grace is that it looks nice. I gave it away after very little use. I went and bought an Ovation acoustic-electric guitar which is much, much better.

8946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love them! Best picks!
4824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought mine used three years ago and it works great. It works for a Metallica, Pantera type sound. You can also get good rock sounds with the gain turned down and eq. adjusted.
67	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although it seems pricey, I've got to say that this is the best sounding powered speaker I have ever heard or used. It is awesome for vocals - rich and full, excellent clarity. Awesome for acoustic guitar and violin - very natural sounding. Very good for recorded music. It's not particularly great for bass guitar, but it's OK. Great coverage, it opens up right away, short throw situations this works very well. This thing is LOUD but still very clear. If they weren't so expensive, I'd have bought another one already. I think I need a sub for the bass, though.
3047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best little lav mic I have ever seen. Super clean audio and doesn't require any power but your recording device or camera. I use a sony recorder and a canon t3i and it pics u clean audio. Might consider an extension cable and some mini wind screens for outdoor use. Although it's hard to tell the difference between the cheaper sony clip mic: The sony ecmcs3

5278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	No worries about these popping off or wearing out.
2745	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I really did not expect a super high quality cable but I did expect it to last for a few months at least.  I used it twice (regular plug it in and sing kind of use, I am not swinging from it or using it as a lasso...) and now it works intermittently at best.  I bought a more expensive cable at a local music store to ensure the issue was indeed this cable and not my mic or amp.  Save your $$ and buy something else.



2121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product. Well made and reasonably heavy. It really does make a difference in keeping my albums secure to the turntable. Even works with less than perfect albums.
641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice, just what I wanted. worked perfect for me on an important shoot. Make sure you know what this does. Dont get the wrong one.
6842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great clamp to hang up my laser lighting equipment to my truss. holds tight and don't have to worry of it falling
 Light weight,  durable stick. Promarks have lasted the longest for me all my life,  and I've tried them all.. . I hit hard.  When I ordered this I was shipped the wrong item,  a pair of tx5aw sticks which are the same size but a bit lighter in weight.  I was a bit upset about that.
7087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been buying Dunlop pick for at least 15 years now, and I love the feel and the grip. The picks last for a really long time, and I would recommend getting several thickness' for different applications. But for sitting in a room playing around, with my acoustics and electric guitars this is a decent all round pick
Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to continue practicing...
2636	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use as a replacement pair in a home studio for some expensive headphones that died. Since then I've used them as monitors in a studio, as monitors in a drum cage, and more often than not, I use them on my computer to listen to music and play games. They are very comfortable, and sound great! I really like these much more than any of the more expensive sets I've had. I wish I had just been buying these all the time, I could have saved a lot of money. Plus, I've always been disappointed in the short lifespan of expensive headphones (regardless of brand). These seem like they are actually built to last, much more than any other pair I've owned. I also really like the coiled cord. The coil starts about 18" down, which is perfect imo because you don't want the coil next to your face. It really helps avoid tangles, and keeps just enough tension in the line to keep it from catching on everything like headphone cords usually do. Which of course, should help lengthen the lifespan of the set.
Having ball ends instead of tied strings around the saddle will increase the string angle to the saddle, increasing the strings tension onto the saddle which will improve the sound that the piezo picks up.
7628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These sticks are great. Not only these, but also the lightning rods and the hot rods. Never had the thunder rods but they are all the same just different diameters. I got the cool rods to use on a stripped down kit for acoustic music. If you play hard, the rods will eventually break but they are pretty durable and last longer than regular sticks if taken care of. Definitely recommend these for quieter playing/practice/acoustic applications. The cool rods are a little thin for my taste, feel like 7a's. I prefer the lightning rods or the hot rods which feel more like 5a's. But that is just preference. Compared to other brands, these are the ones to go with.
The pickup pattern is so tight that you will usually want to be within an inch of the windscreen, but this is why you won't get feedback as easily from it. Well, you know how you have to work the mic to adjust for louder and softer, now you'll just be working it at a closer distance, just remember to roll off the lows to reduce the proximity effect. But this is probably just it's biggest benefit of many, although it also makes it a bad choice for using one mic in front of three singers.
598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Functionally, this works as I need it to (going from a shotgun mic to a DSLR). One snag I ran into it how the wire itself is not one foot. Maybe altogether, but not the wire. Just something you may want to consider. Perhaps include a short extender in your order just to be safe.
3420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hello Musicfriends - This is built cheap but sounds great. Good controls too. For me in the studio/songwriting  its perfect but I would not exactly go on tour with it..... There is something about the knobs I still love, even if all my other digital units have a tremolo hidden in it... may be  the age thing...
7632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got 5 Capos like this. This one is the best.
7270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable held up very well with daily use over the past 3 years. It still works just fine, but I decided to replace it with a Planet Waves 10ft.
5857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!
--Then: A, D, G
4028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The most beautiful guitar ever! I love that it is lighter than my bass guitar. When I received this it was ready to play just had to tune it. You barely have to hold down on the frets and you do not have to strum hard on it. NO complaints at all. I think it is a great starter guitar for those that are wanting to learn.
6758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have owned a few capos, and I was a little uncertain at first buying without trying, but it is a quality capo. Decent price and good sturdy spring mechanism. Seems like it will last a good while.
3597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is a great entry level electric guitar for my son to learn on...he is thrilled with the guitar because it is a lot like his dad's and red is his favorite color (go figure - somehow color effects the tone :-)  It has been easy fretting and a true electric guitar sound...plenty satisfied in the Great White North (Alaska)
156	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I bought it for, works Great, very happy
7454	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I played for ten years and used dominants and evahs primarily. after a hiatus I've started playing again, and these provide a very clean sound. Decent on the lower strings, and the e isn't too pitchy which is my biggest gripe with most strings. Think I might try the pro forte next by d'addario.
294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works well. No polarity switch - would not work with Casio. Keep swinging and playing music  Fats Waller is the best!
3409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best tremolo for the price for sure, and why would you need anything better? Danelectro pedals are awesome... the purple delay they make is also an amazing pedal called the "Dan Echo" I believe. This tremolo can change your life...

8429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks have just the right amount of give to really make strumming sound nice and clean. Very forgiving on technique also. Great for beginners.
My SR16 is still going strong.  The only reason I really got this one is because I thought it might be fun to keep one drum machine by my recording unit and one by my keyboard amp for quick live jamming (its no fun always having to unplug and reconnect in different spots) and then I searched Amazon for drum machines and saw Alesis had put out this newer model that I was never aware of.  I would say, for any guitarist, its hard to spend $200 and get a tool/toy better than this!  Now the trouble is I will want the SR18 in both locations.  If you are not sure whether the SR18 is worth the extra cost from the SR16, TRUST ME... it IS!!!
7420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is my second Spectraflex cable and I love them. I love their flexibility, options for colors and ends, build quality and price. I like to use quality guitar cables for a good sound but I don't need to spend a fortune on them to be run over on stage by roadies or ripped off because the cable costs more than some guitars do.
6388	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gator makes some of the best guitar cases on the market. This case protects my Yamaha very well, and it has a nice large compartment for strings, picks, and other guitar accessories
3999	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I have an Applause MAE148-4 mandolin and to my disappointment this capo doesn't provide a very good press on the strings resulting in annoying muting and buzzing. I will probably just go back to using a regular guitar capo
1766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	rack mount patch unit would be better.
9754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several Kyser capos because I seem to have a bad habit of losing them at jam sessions.  Perhaps I loan them out too much... Anyway, they are great.  What I particularly love is that I can park the capo on the head of my guitar (next to the tuner) when I don't need it and quickly grab it and put it on without much fuss.  The capo grips well, applies quickly anywhere on the neck, and I can use it on a variety of guitars as well as other instruments.  It even grips well on the first fret where other capos can sometimes buzz.
it is quite a fuss to take the strap off the pin, so if you have many straps you should buy one for each strap.
8101	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	was ok
-------------------- Treble e -  B  -  G -  D  -  A -  Bass E
1464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality guitar cord. Very low noise, repairable, effective strain releaf,thick rubber cover!! This is a great buy, under 10 bucks for a quality cord. Of course I just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable. If I change my mind about anything I will update my review. For now, I would say, buy one!!
2766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable is just what you need for non-professional non-demanding studio use. I don't know if I'd trust it for regular gigs but it works very well for light work.
7959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	24 pieces of 12in x 12in acoustic foams for under $100 is an inexpensive way to improve room acoustics. It removed all perceptible echos in my room. Made my stereo sound better by reducing bounced-sounds from the speakers. And the TV seems to have more clear dialogs. Overall, I'm very happy with the product. It came in a big box, uncompressed & not deformed. I'd rather receive it this way than in a bag that was vacuumed. Less chances of being deformed & no need to wait for it to come back to its normal shape. I didn't notice any strong smell as other reviewers have indicated. And it has a fire rating which is important especially that I placed it in my bedroom
41	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I wanted to love this product so badly and debated tirelessly over purchasing or not... DO NOT BUY THIS!  It is cheaply made, would only play correctly for about two key changes and slipped out of place, And never could get it to fit my 3/4 size guitar right like my research of the company's website said it would.  I immeadiately sent back and got a refund!  I was so disappointed!
9082	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo is fantastic for the price. It holds the strings down tightly without any buzz. I find it a little finicky to move sometimes due to thequick change style release but it's still excellent.

148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They cables are pretty awesome. I have friends (musicians) that love these cables also.
9627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice indeed!

4256	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	oK I always wanted a ES 335 Gibson which this Epiphone is a copy of. I play professionally for most of my life at age 53  saw this guitar for this price and wondered how good can this copy be. My main guitar is a 78 Les Paul deluxe, top of the line Gibson gold plated the works. Had it since I was 18 and there is nothing like it in any way. I went to Gibson factory last year in Nashville and tried all Les Pauls below the deluxe level they were nice but not as smooth at any level untill you get the top of the line Les Paul. In fact I found the basic to mid range Gibsons no better quailty then this Epiphone. The difference really comes in the top level models.
3014	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My.teenage granddaughter loved it!
7438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as described

Very versatile tone that's good for soft ballads, powerful gospel or screaming contemporary.
2835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A studio standard for a reason. Even at this price I wonder why I never had these before. Might be the last headphones I ever buy!
This microphone speaks of quality and durability in your hand, it's solid and heavy. The handling noise is excellent for those of you using this as a hand held microphone, it's quiet. It's frequency response drops down to 40Hz, making it an excellent choice for an instrument mic also. This will do a good job on close up work with guitar cabs to brass, providing excellent rejection of other sounds, The bottom of a snare or anyplace that you want a high rejection ratio, and can also fit this size of microphone.
3306	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I've been gigging for about 15 years now and this seems like the industry standard at clubs and bars when the sound man comes to start helping you setup everything.

I originally purchased mine for my drums in anticipation of needing them one day. Thus far I have yet to need them (although I have used them) because of the music and venues I have played. However, I have set them up as backline for horns - mainly alto and tenor sax, and trumpet, and they work beautifully. In fact, for saxophones attaching this mic to an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-Stage-MY550-Microphone-Extension-Attachment-Bar/dp/B0002ZO3LK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On Stage MY550 Microphone Extension Attachment Bar</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-Stage-Microphone-13-inch-Gooseneck-Black/dp/B00080LUJW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Black</a>&nbsp;works well.
After a quick tuning I immediately fell in love. Does it lose a star for having entry level tuners and pickups? No way. This is an absolutely gorgeous instrument. I'd have to recommend this guitar to just about anyone looking for great quality at a low price. As a project, backup, or just as is Epiphone has set a standard. The picture on Amazon shows no pickguard, but the exact model I received (made in Indonesia) is ESGSCHCH1 which has the black pickguard shown on Epiphone's website. Compared to the G400's shown at local shops, I actually prefer the streamlined look of this model, with its simple two knob design.
Cajon (good)
Kyser is an absolutely wonderful company to work with and they were very accommodating and I appreciate that and I will continue to support them and use their Capo happily, butt I just feel that it comes ever so sure of that 5-star because of that one option.
272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using this particular model Yamaha volume pedal since the 1980s. This is the same pedal that was included when a Yamaha keyboard (like a DX7 or KX88) was purchased. These days you don't get accessories for "free" when a keyboard is purchased ... but the FC7 is fairly priced and solidly built - so well worth it. I just recently replaced one that I had been heavily using since the mid-1980s ... so they last. The pedal feels good under your foot and it is smooth. If you use more than one, they can be conveniently attached together. The FC7 is one of those rare musical products that hasn't been cheapened over time. I've used it with countless brands of electronic keyboards over the years - so it works with any keyboard that has a pedal input.
3175	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This guitar stand was one of the better options compared to the cheapy stands you can buy. I don't gig with my stand, it simply sits in my practice space and holds my guitar. After owning the stand for about a year out of nowhere one of the front legs gave out and my G&L hit the floor. After inspection the plastic locking mechanism simply broke just from the constant weight of the guitar hanging on it. I contacted Ultimate and they sent me out a replacement locking mechanism and I drilled out the rivet and replaced. Worked fine for 4 months and the exact same thing happened but this time I was simply hanging the guitar and the leg gave out so my Legacy didn't hit the floor. Called Ultimate again and they are now sending me a complete new stand. Still not satisfied with the safety of my guitar on this stand old or new I again took apart the old stand and cut a piece of metal pipe ( top rail pipe of chain link fence fit perfect ) that fits super tight in the bottom hole for the locking mechanism and simply made it to where the stand will no longer collapse for transport. I really like the stand but I will no longer trust Ultimate with the safety of my instruments with the way it is manufactured.
This is the accepted standard since most beginner songs and lessons will all be in C. One harmonica is fine as a beginner.
2456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	cant go wrong!
1103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have not connected them yet but they look like they are of good quality.
I know that nearly everyone uses these mics, but that doesn't actually mean they are that good. There are much better choices for your money.

9375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always used Dunlop picks and I'd been running low since these things seem to go missing like crazy! Love the feel. Always have. Perfect for my playing preference.
3856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this pedal, well built, sturdy construction - out of the box and plugged into my amp & guitar in seconds.  Great for Hendrix' voodoo child and obviously so many other great classic rock & roll riffs!
9703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Best damn plectrums in the world.  I used to use the thick ass purple ones, these, I like better.
2374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I feel silly reviewing a mic which speaks for itself.  If you are undecided, stop it already.  I have utilized these in almost every conceivable situation except underwater.  This is a solid performer
2597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just can't believe the voice of this amp.  I own Vox tube amps, bought this for the convenience of late night practice.  This isn't a toy by any stretch of the imagination.  Maybe Vox should raise the price so more people will take it seriously.  So, if you'd like a small, convenient amp that can be kept under a table to plug into at a moments notice, give this great solid state Vox amp a try.
2710	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful vocal microphone that is simply the most durable and rugged mic I have ever seen, as I have used it for many years in various professional live sound applications, and I just had to have one of my own, in my humble little home recording studio desktop setup.
9122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played guitar for 15+ yrs and Tortex is the only picks I'll buy. The textured surface makes them easy to grip even after long sweaty jam sessions and heavy playing. I made this purchase for my dad on Father's Day, he's a player of 40+ yrs, these were the 1st time he's used these and he stated he doubts he could play with anything else now!
6709	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality bag for my Epi LP. Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories.
It's just heavy enough to dampen the drum properly. But not to heavy to deaden your sound.
8780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just don't leave it on a mic stand at rehearsal or a show. That or glue it to your personal mic stand. 4th time buying one of these.
7065	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this pick.  You can't see it in the picture, but it's actually transparent yellow.
4544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty decent design, and can't beat the price. I installed this on an Epiphone Thunderbird bass I was mortified of having an oops with, and they work great. The only potential negative might be the extra distance they stick out versus the original buttons, and how well the screw can withstand that extra strain.
8338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love

8511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the soft, clean sound of these strings on my Acoustic/Electric.  I used to put heavier strings on it, but since I have two acoustics, I put the Silk and Steel on one and heavier strings on my dreadnaught.
Right off the bat, one difference between it and the EV stylus I tried to replace the D400 with (and even the AT311EP's I love) was that out of the box the sound was natural.  The EV stylus had lots of surface noise for a few hours, then dramatically settled down (I also cleaned it once but that didn't seem to do much), the AT311EP's settle down nicely after about 5-10 hours.  I've got about 20 hours on the clock with this one and it hasn't changed, which is impressive to me; maybe this will change in months' time.
6069	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	First some background: I've been playing bass for 2 years have used Line 6, Eden, Peavey, Orange, Marshall and Kustom amps and Ibanez, Peavey, JB Player, Fender, Yamaha, and Squire bass'.  This bass was a serious disappointment.  I've got a lot of love for Gibson and (due to $$$) Epiphone.  When I saw the Epiphone EB series in my local guitar shop I fell in love.  How can you not appreciate that SG body, and I've always preferred humbuckers to P or J pickups.  I thought I had found my hearts desire when I picked this up and began to play (classic rock & blues covers for reference) and then my heart broke.  The sound was lousy.  Of course I tried a different EB bass and different amps but the situation never improved.  Despite my sincerest wishes I can't recommend this excellent looking bass to anyone (unless they're looking for wall art or are willing to switch out the pickups).  You can pay the same price and get much better tone (I would recommend a Squire Jaguar if you really want a humbucker or if you want more tone versatility a Yamaha RBX 170).
2897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Long story short - the retro design looks great, and they sound really good for quieter settings and mellow music.  The sound is clear and good at moderate levels, but these are not designed to be cranked.  They're not good for loud rock, which is what I listen to mostly, but in quiet times with mellow music they are very good.  They are bulky with the older design, which was something I liked online but not when I put them on.  As an added bonus, you can remove the wire and dress up and look classy for your next steampunk party.
Call me cheap if you want and I wouldn't care, this is one of those items that makes you wonder, how come there's others way more overpriced and just don't find a way to justify that a "real" Gibson Les Paul will sound $800 - $1000 better.
952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Don't expect a Mogami quality input, but this sounds good enough. Durability is debatable, but you definitely get more than you pay for.
8820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're just great.  Awesome for chord based songs.  If you need to pick individual notes/strings, then you might want to go a bit thicker.  With that said, you can do it with these, but the tone is not as nice (sounds a bit softer).


2903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Man I had to repurchase these AKG'S they are killer phones!!! I am in an extensive recording program at my school and the right headphones are essential to the labs there and let me say that they are absolutely superb.  Someone stole the first pair I had, and I rarely repurchase the same item twice but these were definitely worth the reinvestment.  True sound, ultra clear highs and low end without distortion.  I'd recommend these, and they cover your entire ear, I know it says semi open but it covers the entire ear and they are super comfortable too.  Hope this helps
2578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this amp, hoping it would recreate the tube sound of the bigger vox tube amps, namely my gigging amp, the AC15.  I was very impressed.  I much prefer to use this amp as a practice amp: it's lightweight, loud enough, great clean sounds, takes my pedal board great, and it's solid state: no tubes to replace.
- No isolation transformer - which can in the worst case result in a shock, or may just result in noise and/or bleedthrough or tone sucking if you have long cables.
8289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I never play a show without this thing!  I am a bit of a clutz and constantly drop picks.  So, I had to stop playing and reach down to pick it back up.  However,  when I bought this guy, it's almost like I never stop playing.  It holds quite a few picks and even when I move the mic stand, they never fall out.  I would recommend this to anyone who plays guitar live.
9799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really. My Bro-in-Law musician said years ago Epiphone was a good brand, so I am glad I stepped-up a few bucks from the next brand down. This is a fine instrument, very full sound, (mahogany) beautifully made (overseas) with quality materials. I searched for a flaw, but could find none. POINT: All guitars need 'setup'; bridge/nut height, tighten/loosed neck truss rod,perhaps file a fret, replace low grade strings and etc. This like most cheaper guitars, it has plastic nut and saddle which are usually easily replaced w/bone. Note that you should measure the saddle first, as the "acoustic"  bone replacements did not fit (too short) I have since ordered a "classic" or 'folk" sized saddle which with some modification can work.  The machine keys are rather good also, as are the strings it came with.
4917	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very stretchy material fits over  my Yamaha PSR keyboard and keeps the dust off.  Drawstring tightens for custom fit.
7876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	hi,very surprised when i put these strings on ,brought my mendini too life,very rich tone , takes a couple of days too break these strings in

I used this in a gig this Sunday and even through a very mediocre PA, the vocals sounded incredibly good. With ZERO feedback.
To me, Fender style guitars and pickups have a tendency to sound a bit thin played through distortion pedals and solid state amps. Pickups like P-90's are a bit better for this, but for the best sound, a hum canceling pickup like the Gibson PAF (insert your own favorite here) works best when playing with distortion, so in my opinion, if you have a solid state amp you will want to put some thought into what guitar and pedal you want to use with it (assuming you have a selection of them, like I do), or, to put it another way, if you only have one guitar (and know how to use it!) you may want to put a little more thought into your amp when pairing it with your guitar of choice. I say this because I have seen a lot of young players who buy gear based more on their budget than with an eye to getting the sound they want.
9387	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just bought a 2014 Gibson Les Paul Standard Plus  120th anniversary guitar and it is a beauty. For the best results you should go with your guitar company's strings unless they don't make them. In that case Ernie Ball is a good choice.
5513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I started putting together a pedal board, I had several delays I absolutely wanted to have.  I wanted a garden variety digital delay, an analog tape delay, and delay with modulation and a BOSS delay that could deliver the classic "bucket brigade" delay.  After I finished my list I realized I needed a HUGE pedal board and a larger budget.  Then I discovered the DL4.  I played with one for a bit at a local retailer and then purchased one.  The unit is great.  There are a number of presets that more than covered my needs and for each preset you can customize your sound giving you virtually unlimited options for delay.  There are 4 buttons, 3 of which can be used to store either presets or customized settings.  You can switch between the settings on the fly with ease and not degradation in sound.  The lone drawback, but for me not enough to dissuade me from the unit, is that the 4th button offers a short loop option, but Ive never used this as I have a separate looper.
It seems impossible that a synth with as few knobs and buttons as the XL+ has could have much depth, but here again Korg made some very intelligent and beginner-friendly design choices.  For example, there are only 3 parameter control knobs, but a 4th knob selects different editing "banks", and these are universal to all of your presets/programs.  They are also clearly labeled on the dashboard, so I was able to figure out how to tweak the release time or modify the filter without even checking the manual.  In fact, while there is a LCD screen, the XL+ is careful not to over-rely on it.  You'll only really find yourself scrolling through text options on the screen if you are changing to a different effect, or making deeper parameter edits.
2261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,
4896	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I"ve used dunlop locks  20 plus yrs. on my carvin dc-150.  also on my lespaul i almost dropped on stage. I wouldnt be w/out them ever . Great product I highly recommend !!  Mac T.

8931	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Holds 6 picks comfortably, despite the picture, which I'm guessing it two of these. You can fit more picks on it, maybe 8, but it's not as easy to grab them in a hurry on a poorly lit stage.
For the price and quality, this Kyser capo works on a uke. Highly recommended.
782	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The package arrived quicker than expected, and without damage. This cable snake was a welcomed addition to my recording studio. And the price was a good deal for the HOSA cable brand.
8812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are nice picks, but actually slipperier them other dun lops, so you need the dimple.
7323	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have bught other boss pedals and all of them are amazing.. this chorus is one of the best in the market
9218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	got these for the kid.....i don't like the Gel Pick but HE loves them.  Great product if oyu like Gel Picks
----- Back to 2008 -----


Shipping Dimensions
6463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Installed in my 1995 Samick SG Artist series bridge position that I have had since it was new. I never played the guitar live in my punk band until now. Sounds amazing and pretty much what I was looking for.
2151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great needle
404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent. Recommended.
They are circumaural they fit OVER your ears. I guess some people don't like that. I think they might change their mind if they tried these. If you're looking for a SUPRA-aural design look at the AKG K141
5168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if you use instruments and amplifiers your life will get better if you use these

9614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First time playing Tortext picks, as well as thick ones. I like them.
2284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't say anything that hasn't already been said.  Solid, so far, but haven't used it much yet.  Seems to work well and excellent construction.  Not junk.

We love them, good product for the money
9361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing guitar picks. Bought a pack and it's seriously my favorite picks to play with! Perfect for lead guitar.
1421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good cable, as good as any expensive brand. Thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. No complaints at all.
9950	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed with quality woods, saddle/nut and bracing. Neck and frets are straight, level and do not snag. This guitar rings like a bell, stays in tune and is light weight. Do not let the low price fool you but do not expect the guitar to come set up to your tastes. Any guitar that you buy will need to be adjusted to your style of play. The strings may be too high or too light or whatever, just be ready to do a tiny bit of work to get it like you want it then it will serve you well. Do not buy a Luna, Davidson, Main Street, or any other 'no name' - get this one.
335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these because I really had too long of mike cords for my solo live show. And these are really nice cords if you have a home portastudio recording studio like myself. Who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place? I bought two because I use a Digitech Live 2 Harmony processor and two XLR mike cords are required to make it operational. Good price here too. Hard to find just 10' mike cords. Usually longer ones are only obtainable.
4022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have this Kyser Banjo/Mandolin capo and use it on ukuleles and also on an old vintage 1920's tenor banjo. The tenor banjo is tuned DGBE, like a guitar's 4 skinniest strings, which is also how baritone ukes are usually tuned. If you capo that tenor banjo or the baritone uke at the 5th fret with this Kyser capo, you find yourself magically back at GCEA. As you know, GCEA is the standard ukulele tuning for most! So it works really well for that.
7389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Rugged ends very flexible seem like this cable should hold up very well , does not tangle which is a real plus if you tend to move around a lot , connectors seem to be heavy duty , time will tell but I would assume that this cable should last a long time .
1086	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
4889	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
2. Sound quality: Excellent. Sound engineers won't believe the fidelity this one throws out with NO FEEDBACK!
Sorry for the long review.

484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good enough, they're ridiculously cheap, and they do exactly what they're supposed to do. Couldn't find better at this price point.
5152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are good locking mechanisms and no failures so far one never knows when they will. But for now, an excellent product..
1194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well made and plugs in tight
One thing to note: When fed directly into a DI box (no phantom power), there is no audible sound when switching between guitars.  When I ran my guitars into the Morley ABY, then into a phantom-powered DI box, there was a pronounced 'pop' when switching inputs through the PA.

360	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a midi cable
2269	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This thing worked the first time I plugged it in, but it hadn't worked since! It seems to be well constructed...don't be fooled!
7465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It really has a good acoustic sound. It is true that I have to put volume really high to use it, but in my only 15w amp sounds great.
5088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good well constructed capo.
This is a above average XLR cables and I recommend it for people who have tight budget but needs quality.

6265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm sure this is a great pedal, but it needs to be made clear in the description that it only works with Boss pedals.  I purchased this for my Donner looper pedal and had to return it.  I so wish I could've used it.
4463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	won't pick up my axe without these on. also works great with a normal strap, should the occasion arise.

it was great right out of the box!!  it needed a bit of adjusting but thats not a big deal. the amp works but is not very loud. but its only 10 watts so what would you expect.  the amp looks and feels very sturdy and the guitar does too. ive been playing guitar for 30 years and have played a bass only a few times and just wanted something to fool around with and this is perfect.
5429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I put these on my SG and these Ernie Ball 7-String Super Slinky Nickel Wound Set, .009 - .052, feel much better than those I replaced, can't say what they were before, but I am happier now with these Ernie Balls.
5698	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I own a '84 Martin D-12-28 and a '03 Martin J12-16GT guitars. This has to be the worst capo on the market for a 12 string guitar especially Martin 12 string guitars because of their wider necks. What I noted about this capo is that it notoriously knocks the guitar out of tune 9 out of 10 times. You cannot have that performing live. Absolutely not. I would not recommend this to anyone especially Martin owners to not buy this. Spring for the G7 guitar capo instead. More pricey? Yes. But well worth the money spent.
If this review is helpful to you, please help me by clicking the Yes below; this would really encourage me to give better reviews in the future. Thank you very much =)


2735	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This lasted a few weeks and shorted out.
5469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these strings to tune to B Standard on one of my 6 string guitars (Yes I enjoy playing Amon Amarth occasionally, oh and I can't forget about At The Gates). I don't use the highest string obviously. The wound third works out perfectly and they're a nice heavy gauge for some serious oomph. I've been using them for some time now and have no complaints.
5689	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works really well with my 12 string Johnson guitar, even on the first fret.

2961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these work out grate thank you

4879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did not realize how hard it is to find a harmonica in the key of G until I tried to find one locally.  Bottom line was there weren't any.  Of course it may have been because we are 2 hours from any large town or city.  Knew we could find one here on Amazon and so we did.  My husband has really enjoyed playing it.
1866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good cable. I don't forsee having any problems with it. It's just right for hooking my pedals together eithout the mesws of long cables. If you need this get it. The price is right and shipping was right on time.

Size Note:  I use this primarily in an 18" inch drum, but it works equally well in my 22 inch drum.  I imagine it would do well up to 24 inches, but I think you might need two if you have a 26 inch bass drum.
7709	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice sound.  Lighter than regular sticks.
8468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good picks.
436	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect short XLR cable.
766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	yes
Made out of metal and seems to be very durable.

7171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mated with a synthesizer keyboard. Bodda-boom.
I recommend that you get this mic
I am another older player and do not feel like playing "tongue depressor" reeds anymore.  The 2 1/2 V16 reeds are very comfortable and I can reach every note I need to play when I need to play it.  If I feel good, I'll use a #3 Java Green, but for 90 percent of my work, the V16s are great!
5986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	played through and have many many boutique pedals....lately been using ds-1 as my first od/dist on the pedal board...tone and dist are both in the 8 o'clock zone...tone should always be very very low.....turn it on and back off volume to 5 you have a nice clean sound with a bit of hair....bring it up and it gets bluesy and heavier, but it doesn't have a mid bump like TS style...which is good....when using other drives i reserve the ds-1 to push them to higher gain....pedal is quiet, built like a tank....got this for 30 used....and i'm really appreciating it, a lot...playing through DRRI  btw..
2792	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought one of these guitars by itself - not the package - played it maybe twice, and sold it the next day. It felt like it was made from a cut of really cheap pine or other cheap wood. The neck joint is very flimsy and the guitar easily gets out of tune because of this flimsy cheap joint. The pickup selector switch would cause bursts of static when switching while playing - cheap pickups and very little tone control - even though this is meant to resemble a Fender Strat - that's the extent of any comparison. This package would be okay for a beginner - better than the cheapo package guitars you see in the big box discount stores, but not a very good guitar. In the same price range - or for a few bucks more Epiphone and Ibanez might be a better choice.
732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product!
The three position bridge is a little quirky to adjust until you get the hang of it (the trick is not to let the plate get too far from level while adjusting it, otherwise the screws may jam).
9053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Holds firm enough and releases easily enough. Overall HAPPY with this purchase!
The tuning machines are the cheap parallelogram-shaped ones, but they get the job done and I see no reason to change them.
8592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok

Shipped fedex with no signature needed - and found outside - so keep an eye out for the delivery man.
6623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, just as described and works perfectly. A+ all the way.
2677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	surely SHure products. Good , affordable and works as stated.
9507	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Phenomenal sound. Bought it for my drummer and he loved it. Made his snare sound 100% better!
4670	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great slide especially for blues
6046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works as it should
4638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These light gauge strings are desired for my antique instruments where I want to reduce the tension on the neck.

It arrived on time and in good condition.
2320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's my extra for others. This mic is a good quality product I keep with my musical keyboard/mixer to hand to the "guest" singer who always shows up hanging over my shoulder trying to squeeze into my personal mic space.. This mic meets the need, especially with an OFF switch. I have used it as a temporary replacement for my usual mic and find it satisfactory. Not the highest quality, but not the highest price either.
But the pedal itself is very active you can play easily with your sound.
2355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great value mic.
2760	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought a pair of these cables and they work just fine.  There doesn't seem to be any noise and they seem to be built to last.  They do what they're supposed to do.
6827	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I don't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo, but this one is quite good.  For those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use.  It does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built.  It is as with all capos,  important to take it off when not in use so the "rubber" does not get grooved.  This is just good common sense.  If this lasts a couple of years I will definitely purchase another.
366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good

8321	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works and fits well.
6057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Great product. Props to seller!!!!
BTW...since we're talkin' guitar strings here, a quick piece of wisdom - for those who may be moving to a heavier gauge (say from .009's to .010's), MAKE SURE you have your instrument setup by a qualified tech!  In my many years of playing, I've seen more guitars screwed up because people didn't understand the importance of a good setup.  Changing string gauges on your instrument typically requires the nut be filed for the correct string width, along with truss rod and bridge adjustments, etc.  It's well worth learning to do yourself, however if you've never done this sort of thing before (i.e. you're new to guitars in general which is why you're reading this review to begin with, LOL), it's well worth finding a decent tech.
659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
3751	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Cry Baby effect is an original. I never tire of using it.
Please let me know if there's anything that should be added, or corrected here. I became an Amazon reviewer to help people make the right decision for them, just like many other reviewers have helped me. Also, if you think this has been helpful, please vote it so it will appear first, and others can find it easier.

Overall though, these are a great pair which will remain in my studio.
4411	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These strings have very little resonance. Couldn't wait to change them. I won't be ordering them again.
6230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works even better because it's pink! Ok I use capos...try putting capo on only the lowest 2 or 3 strings for some different textures.
956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Seems to be a nice cord. I think it is a good price for what you get. I keep two of them in my pedal board case. Also bought on Amazon. The only reaso I gave it a four star rating because I have used it little at this time.

3706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product
-(**___) Playability: The protruding coverplates make it harder to get a tight seal. The wood comb is not smooth and the holes have sharp edges, so the harmonica does not slide smoothly. The positive note is I didn't have excessive gapping issues with any individual reeds or any being excessively out of tune.
9706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy capo, looks great and works perfectly, the spring is strong and pushes down on the frets of a guitar very firmly, if you need a capo get a kyser!

3565	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had been using Elixer strings on my Taylor 555 12-string since I bought the guitar two years ago. This time around, when I changed strings I tried a set of these Martins as I have the same brand on my 6-string Taylor GS-8. In a word, WOW! Love the sound these produce. They're a bit richer and warmer than the Elixers. I don't see these as lasting any longer than the Elixers and I play quite a bit. I will continue using these strings in the future.
They're great for what they are (thin, flexible picks), and Amazon has the best price.

They are better.  Improved, I guess.  They still look, feel and fit the same - and that's a good thing.  The bass is deep and well-defined, not artificially boosted but can thump with the best when a thump is on the recording(Gov't Mule's "Lay Your Burden Down").  Highs are clean and well-extended - certainly they go higher than my 10khz cutoff hearing - younger folks who've passed through like the highs.  Mids sound good, with virtually none of the congestion you can get with lesser 'phones or speakers.  As the mids become more complex due to multiple instruments, its easy to follow just one (for instance cello in several quartets I sampled).
8982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work perfectly with my Fender Jazz Bass Guitar. I have practiced with the picks and I am very happy with the results. I am very happy with my purchase.
2350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best sounding!
212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works. feels solid
If you like the sound of these, they are well made.  It's a matter of taste.
The alternative straplock is the Schaller.  That system uses a very small button on the instrument (can't hold a regular strap) but grabs the button with a cup, so once it's engaged there's no question it will hold it up.  They're both good systems, but if you forget your Schaller-equipped strap, you're not going to be able to jury rig a replacement.
6806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Long time Shubb user, but decided to try something different.
Would I recommend to others? Oh hell yeah. Great mic and tough as nails.

6780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're switching from other picks, at first it seems a little small and a little thicker.  But after using it for a while, I don't want to go back to my regular Tortex .73 yellow pick.  this is my new go-to pick.
2704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product.
5954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	did not come w/shoulder strap but so what,  could have got $30 cheaper but still nice for price.  trumpet 4 mutes stand light etc. etc. still ton of room.  very nice
Okay, Hosa isn't known to be a great cable company, but don't they pretty much make everything you need? Don't they pretty much work the way you need them to? Don't we all have a bunch of their cables? Yes, of course.
First, above we briefly described "professional audio" devices. For completeness, the "consumer audio" environment is where the components: are desktop boxes, use consumer connectors (RCA), and employ consumer signal levels (-10 dBv unbalanced).
4023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Look, don't be fooled into spending more money on expensive pop filters. Just buy this one and if you need a more aggressive filter, get a 1 dollar pantyhose and wrap it over the rim. If you want it to look nice for a video, you can always disassemble it and frame the pantyhose properly, then cut what remains.
7694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great reeds,  I just wish they were a little bit harder. They are noticeably softer than traditional Vandoren 3.5. I will probably move up to a 4 next time I buy.
1448	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	No low end.
6658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits my Epiphone Les Paul Standard perfectly. Material appears sturdy. Does not have very thick padding but I wanted the bag to protect my guitar from dust and minor bumps, which it does. The zippered pocket holds my strap, 2 sets of strings and picks. Maybe not the best bag but well worth the $19 I spent on it.
771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very solid construction, very high quality jacket, they seem to be great quality, I will buy these again when needed
6323	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice texture.  They don't slip when your fingers get damp from sweat.  A little more texture would be even better.
7491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I make my living with a guitar in my hands, and this pickup is simply great! I've used it for several years now, in a variety of rooms and situations, and it always delivers realistic acoustic tone. With the blend control, you can pretty easily deal with feedback if the acoustics of the room aren't optimum. The more of the mic that you can dial in, the better, in large areas, but even the magnetic pickup alone is leagues ahead of all the other acoustic pickups I've used. Top of the line Martin and Taylor on-board systems included. The mic placement/adjustment inside the guitar is hugely influential. You really have to take some time to find the sweet spot in whichever guitar you mount it in, but again, used in conjunction with the blend control, it's not hard to find a really nice sound. I've never had any problem with the mic moving around.
8006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i have so far tried the rico royal,vandoren classic,and v16,this for sure was the best one out of all of them,it gives you a nice warm tone and is good for concert or jazz bands. Vandoren is a good brand and it won't let you down!
Give yourself a treat. Buy the mic and experience joy.
9632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these they are the only ones I buy!
2. Place on mic stage.
7750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Wish I could say these made me a better drummer, but... Fortunately, they make everything slightly less piercing and have a decent tone. Cons are they break really fast (you can saw them off and pull down the tape to make shorter sticks) and you can't roll on the snare with them. Other than that, they are making people hate me less, so that is a plus for sure.

7124	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy as pie to use. If you know how to use the SR16 and the HR16 there's zero learning involved. Great for recording demos
The Hofner Contemporary bass is a close ( though not exact) replica of their main line of Beatle bass. It is a beautiful bass guitar and sells for around $800.00.
I found that these strings are easy on the fingers and they have nice and balanced tone.  I had Elixir Light Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings before. I didn't really like them so I replaced  them with these. I felt that the Elixirs were harder to fret than these, and they also had a tinny and unnatural sound.
I have a pair of older 240s that are 600 ohms.  These are essentially the same except they are 55 ohms.  So, it takes less power to drive them.  What that means is that if you use a low output device (phone, computer, etc.) you will get more volume.  The volume is considerably louder than the older 240s and most studio reference headphones.  However, they are not nearly as loud as headphones designed specifically for portable devices.  All that said, they sound great with my Galaxy S4 and Galaxy Tab Pro.  You do not need a separate headphone amp.  Normal people do not use headphone amps.  I dont; know why everyone always talks about them.  No amp needed.  If you are using these with mixing board or plunging them into an old-fashioned stereo, you certainly do not need an amp. they are loud.  With a portable device they are louder than most people would need.  but again, not as loud as something designed for a portable device.
6554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Top quality and excellent product. Highly recommended!!!!
512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great cable...a little smaller in diam. than I expected but the metal ends are a big plus, and the overall length in this price range was fantastic!  Will be back!

9780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks
8743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am a bass player so I like my picks to be a bit thicker and wider. I tend to Play with Fender 346 so I was pleasantly surprised when I found that this pick worked really well for me.
9364	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great tone and fit.
2317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the SM-58, and the switch is fantastic.
There are a few drawbacks keeping me from giving the SR-18 five stars but they're minor and by no means deal breakers.
1499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a professional, but have been playing for many, many years.  This is the best cord I've ever had, though I'm sure Eric Clapton has something better.

4860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I tried this pedal way back in high school and just didn't care for it. Times have changed, taste has changed. It's my new exclusive distortion effect. Quite thick, great tonal range to dial in to, quick, responsive, and amazing sustain/natural feedback that I never got out of my dirty channel on the amp. Very high quality pedal, very solid design. Love that it interfaces perfectly with my new Boss pedal board.
4557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite go to strap lock.  Just make sure you have them clicked in all the way.
2543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had fun putting the kit together. I made a simple customization by adding two WWII  vintage decals (from etsy). Like most other builders, I swapped strings. I also re-arranged a few steps in the instructions. I will try to add photos showing the decals. (At the moment I do not see how to add photos).
There is not possibility route metronome beep to output.

And it works for any "over the ear" that have ear pads that lift up on the inside.
7032	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	WHAT ON EARTH DO THEY MEAN BY PERFECTLY PLAYABLE?
6270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Recommended with the RC-3 looper.  Great pairing
5937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although this is a great capo, the clamp is a bit stiff which will pitch up your guitar quite a bit.  I modified mine a bit to make it loose.
8600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought them to keep around the house for friends that come over to jam.
4708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used these for years with no failures so far! Recommend this product.
3711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Really cool and sounds sexy. Gotta buy a compressor pedal though because I don't like how it distorts the signal without one.
9136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent mic case in my opinion. Very sturdy and hold the mics securely providing excellent protection. I love it.
6201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a solid capo.  Strong spring - which I like, keeps the strings pressed tightly against the fret without over-doing it.
5180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great kill switch on guitar plug.  Would have 5 stars if cable was longer.
2515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good all around mike. If you are looking for a solid mike to start your studio, I recommend this one. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. Best mike for the price and purpose.
8555	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pick has a great, precise attack. It definitely improved my speed and accuracy.
6627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am not sure how this sonic maximizer works technically, but It seems boost sounds in in some songs I've never heard before especially analog sources vinyl, tape recordings, etc. I like that it has XLR and balanced inputs and outputs.
7719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the pre-eminent rods, sounds amazing and feel great. Pick them up if you need a new sound at a quieter volume.
7305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable, tough and flexible, no hum or signal cross talk.  Worth the price.
1466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A handy thing to have around the studio
1291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A good quality cable and at a reasonable price.  It seems to fit well and not be loose as some cables are.
893	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. GLS brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. Both have tweed jackets however the Hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the GLS cable does. I would recommend the GLS product over the Hosa product.
6769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these clamps!  They go on fast, can turn in whatever direction you want, and they hold everything!  Price is right and they are good quality.  I have a pair of speaker stands that I use these on that are in between sizes and I just put a little piece of foam in the "C" of the clamp and it tightens it right up.  Now I just hang all of my lights off my speaker stands!
Overall, for the price, I believe you can get amazing effects with this PG mic and a decent preamp.
2378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The SM58 is the industry standard for good reasons. While it is not the "ideal" microphone for all applications, it is very good, very reliable, has good vocal qualities, and though other similar microphones may be "just as good," the comparison is always "compared to the SM58."



5957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They make good capos but the Shubbs are better.  Use to only have Kysers until I found out about Shubbs.
1231	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works immediately
8024	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality; does the job well. Difficult to move with one hand, but not impossible.
5546	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	holds up well!
3410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have to say that this is one great pedal, and that Danelectro is a great company.  I had previously purchased their "French Toast" Octave distortion pedal and that one came with a "knobs protector", basically a clear plastic cover that slides down over the 'fins' on the pedal body to prevent the knobs getting trampled.  Well, this one came without the protector.  The instructions said to go to a parts website to order a cover but that was no longer available from the website. One quick email to Danelectro requesting one, and *POOF*  they sent a protector to me at no cost.  That's the kind of service that I appreciate and I will brag on Danelectro all day long.  Now, as for the pedal itself:  Works like a charm, just as good as a $100.00+ pedal from the big- name brands.  Sweet tremolo with a wide swath of depth and frequency.  Everything sounds good, from the "Monkees Theme" to Pink Floyd's "Money".  My next purchase is Danelectro's Cool Cat vibe pedal, and I will post a review for that too.  If it is even close to the Univibe it's worth it, since it is a fraction of the price of the big-names.  Also, keep this in mind:  The prices on Amazon are competitive, and sometimes they slaughter the competition of the "Friendly Musicians" website.  If you've got Amazon Prime, you get it in two days!  Near-instant gratification!!
1418	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
-The roughed finish goes away eventually, but I've usually lost them long before that happens.
9074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good pick for the money.
6121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice little unit that has good volume. As a bonus, it comes with a build in tuner which works great!

3121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super sleek, stable and well-made
We have over a dozen tube amps and are very particular about sound degradation but so far these cables have not disappointed anyone.
3677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Neat little devise. Actually a time saver.
7798	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My niece really enjoys these strings and the do have an incredible tone for the price!
Second, the technology behind the BBE Sonic Maximizer is more sophisticated than you might expect and appears to represent a real breakthrough in audio engineering. The technical term would be "envelope phase correction." BBE doesn't say a lot about this, but if you want to follow it up, google these 3 words: 'BBE' and '282iR' and 'manual' -- without the quotes, of course. One of the hits from of this search will be the PDF manual for the BBE 282i Series of sonic maximizers. In that manual is a page on "The BBE Process." It's an interesting problem they solved if you're into tech stuff.
8141	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Material  very scrarchy and irritating.  You need to wear a thick shirt or sweater when wearing this.
5754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had to order 2 of these.  The lock busted on the first one, the first time I used it.  After that, it would slide into locking position on its own.  So, I sent it back for exchange.  No worries with Amazon on that end.  Free return shipping and they sent me another one before they received the one I sent them.  The 2nd one has had no problems so far.  The fur/fabric inlay is great and the Les Paul fits in there perfectly.  Snug, but not too tight and it doesn't move around at all.  I may bang it up a little bit, but I know I won't hurt the guitar.  Granted, it costs 2x as much as a good gig bag, but I plan on having both guitar and case for the next 40 years (if I live that long..:) and I'm confident they will both last.

One caution--depending on the shape of the peghead and placement of your machine heads you may find that the suspension fork can nudge the tuning pegs.  I haven't found it a problem, but if you have a banjo, for instance, with easy-turning planetary tuners, you might need to be careful in "hanging" the instrument.
7757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks good works great.

I probably should have gotten the smaller, lighter pair but these were still amazing.
6002	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos. They're awesome. Cool color. The yellow looks cool.
4420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Way better than dropping your guitar.

7264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a really great product. I don't know what all the complaints are about in some of the other reviews. This is exactly what I needed to keep the beat whilst I play my guitar. Many added features that I have yet to explore. If you need some backing drums while you practice or do a one or two man show this does the trick very well. Just plug into an amp and set up the track you want it to play then off you go.
4977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My guitar doesn't feel complete without its friend, the capo.
9063	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For what you'd pay for about 30 picks at GC, you get 72 on Amazon.  What a time to be alive...
But, one of the washers was severely bent, quality seems to be lacking, sadly.
You cant run any effects with out some sort of pre amp.
6847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used a few different capo's this is far and away my favorite. Very easy to take it off, holds the strings tight. What more can you ask for? Does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive.
You can't see it in the Amazon pictures, but the way the locking mechanism works is that the mechanism on the strap has a spring-loaded plunger in the middle of cylinder. There are three tiny ball bearings that project out past the side of the cylinder until you press the plunger button (then they fall under the surface).  To lock the strap on, you push the button on the end of your strap, which lets the balls fall in and insert this pin into the hole in the middle of the strap button on the body.  Inside that strap button, there's a circumferential notch.  When you let go of the plunger, the balls pop back out and fit into that notch, holding the two pieces very firmly together, but with full 360 degree rotation.

9175	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought some cheap capo's a while back, trying to save a buck, and regretted it. I bought this one, having had a kyser a few years back. This capo is very reliable and well made. No complaints. You get what you pay for.
ah, good times, good times
9967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great grip, and I lose them long before I wear them down.
8690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used it yet but it is obvious that it will do the job it is designed for. Since I am also using Gorilla Snot, I have less issues with dropping picks so this may not get much use.
Works fine.
8901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Put these on right away and the sound was great, sure wish I had done this earlier!  Nice bright sounds coming from the old acoustic now.
Pros
8161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best for advanced - studants .
2221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cable for my band's live show setup.  I bought it almost a year ago and still currently use it for the same application.  While not the best quality cable, the length and price make it a good value for the money, especially if you're buying several at a time.  I don't use these cables in the studio but for live, they're fine.  I'd recommend this cable if you're on a budget and looking to buy several at a time.  If you're only going to buy one, I'd look into Canare or Mogami, they're a little bit more expensive but easy to get and worth the price.
2404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	OK
8418	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical of the weight and smaller pick as a guy with big hands but I just love it. I feel like it really gives you control over the power of your string and I like that it has a much smaller and sharper tip.
8529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
7272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks cool and doesn't tangle. Oh yeah, sounds pretty good too!
I gathered from the Seymour Duncan website that these 2 pickups are his favorite combination as they allow for the widest range and diversity for sound and playing style. The site also lets you see which famous musicians are using their pickups as well and it turned out that most of the rockers and metalheads listed had these 2 in their arsenal. That helped since I play mostly hard rock and metal.
5487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Truly worth the purchase price.  Has a nice, rich tone.  Just looking at it you can tell the quality is going to be much better than a cheaper harmonica.
1078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works just like it should.
8196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clear and warm, with a nice boomy bass. Great for palm mute s on the lowers while performing more intricate lines on the high strings. I used to play only dad stops but after a few times with the bluegrass sets I don't like to use anything else.
Great for smaller gigs, you can leave your big racks and amps at home.
1089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
I'll use it with the rate set at tempo for a song and record clean guitar chords up on the middle of the neck. This effect will give you a nice almost Hammond B-3 type of organ sound.
4966	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Took FOREVER to arrive. Looked great. Then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use.
9181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these Tortex picks are my favorite pick, they never crack and last for months.
2479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	100% recomended
it fits really well. (Not sure how that link will get formatted.)
6725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT!!!!!!  THEY ARE THE BEST  CLAMPS OUT THERE. Don't buy C clamps for chauvet portable trussing there had to get on and off. As for O clamps it's a hook and go  no worries for your light falling off. You would only need safty cables on there if you were leaving your lights up all night befor the gig so if the clamp fails to work the safty cable catches your light
damage to your coils,then perhaps better NOT to
It also bounces off the drum and lands back for a natural sound.
1188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Simple guitar cable.  No noise issues, no quality issues.  I can't comment on durability because I haven't moved it since I got it.  I use this cable out of a pedalboard and straight into the amp.  I've only used it in studio, I never move it, and it works great.  Makes for a good backup guitar cable, but probably not your best option for live sound because it's only 10'.
2833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had a bunch of headphones in the $40-$300 range since 1989.
8649	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have been my favorite picks, for decades now. They grip very well, and last forever, and they're a tiny bit more muted than other, more "plasticky" picks.
1257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	TOP,,AMAZON SELLER,,10/10,,BIG,,THANKS,,()
Recomended
6048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great pedal
-You do have to be careful if you want good intonation. The twist capos come straight down when clamping shut, compared to this which can come in angled. The result is that the strings get bent or pushed to one side and always end up sharp. You have to be careful. (That being said, once in position, I've noticed it holds the intonation better after longer periods of time).
7619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great way to play and keep to a softer volume in a smaller venue.

9934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	i used to have a pillow in my bass drum but i wanted to look more official so i bought this
729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the cable is great for connecting directly to the computer microphone to record live without a console or mixer...... its great  i recomended
8926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop's nylon picks are my favorite.  I tend to break celluloid picks and most other kinds but the Dunlop nylons are virtually indestructible.  I especially like the new ones with the improved grip.  I use different thicknesses for different styles of playing, but these are the best picks around.
9483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good patches overall. Easy to put on, comes with two per pack. Although felt marks do show on it relatively quickly, it's still a good protective cover. Would recommend.
5456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've bought several capo's over the years but this is the only one that hasn't lost its strength.  It's held up very well and is really easy to use.  Its extremely thin which means you can move it further up the fret to give yourself a little more room.  The grip is excellent and I hardly ever have to readjust it from deadening the strings.  I ordered another one for my son who has had the same experience.  I would definitely buy this again.

8846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a guitarist of over 28 years (I'm now 42), I am loving these picks! Like most players, I have a collection of almost every pick in all brands, materials, and gauges you can imagine. I had my Jazz III phase, Stubby phase, expensive pick phase, but was mostly using Dunlop Delrin 1.5mm; as I am a huge fan of both Yngwie and Joe Stump. I never considered using thin or medium picks, as I thought that I wouldn't be able to play as fast or clean with them. Then, I saw that Paul Gilbert was using these, and had to try them for myself. Wow! Honestly, these picks in this gauge, have made playing a lot of fun again! There's just something abouth this gauge and material that do it for me. Unlike super thick picks, .60mm Tortex really allow for easier dynamics and a really good tone. The notes somehow sound more alive. To my ears, a thinner pick just sounds better for what I do. Strumming chords, and both alternate and sweep picking are great with these picks. And yes, I have all gauges of Dunlop Tortex in my collection.
1133	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	a little upset, because after one use and delicate handling, it no longer works. It did not even leave my studio, I will be inspecting it a little closer to see if can be repaired, I will do a follow up review.
318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good cable. Well made and it looks great with my Candy Apple Red Tele. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because it tends not to lay flat on the floor.
4762	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Performs like i expected it to. I have 2 of them
3028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing is bright, I love it. We're using it in our video studio, it drives the musicians and the cameras crazy but it really creates a great effect (so long as you don't use too much). Not much to say about it, has an on-off switch and speed knob. Did I mention it's really bright? It is! It was a little high in price but considering the brightness it has been worth the price. It's a light weight fixture and that makes it easy to mount.
Batteries seem to last forever with this thing. I'm amazed at the battery life, to be honest.
Handling - Comes with (1) a pair of robust rubberised ergonomic handles that soft-click together like a jigsaw for secure handling and (2) robust shoulder strap.
1767	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good value.  Much better than trying to make my own adapters.

5893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Personally I like this one better than the Metal Zone. The DS1 suites my style much better. Boss seems to build a quality long lasting product and I am very pleased. I also have the NS2 and MT1 pedals and they are absolutrly great.
And apologies for not commenting on comment in time for last year's holiday season.
2953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love everything about this microphone head gear except how short the cord is.  Get an extension cord for it.  Great sounding and very comfortable to wear.
My advice: go with the Audix OM-2, or spend $200+ for an Audix OM-5 or Senn 935.  Both high-end mics sound very similar.
389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised, specifically for a midi keyboard in my application and price was competitive.

1064	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cheap, soft (easy to handle) and works great!
While this has largely corrected the neck dive issue, the problem is that for whatever reason Epiphone decided to make one of the neck bolts extra long and make the strap attachment nub a part of this bolt. After playing it a few hours a day for about 3 or 4 days, this neck bolt ripped right out of the body (fortunately I caught the Thunderbird before it hit the floor). The weight of the bass had caused the bolt to strip it's threads inside the body and slip right out, taking the strap with it.
827	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	awesome product work great no noise would buy again
5977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Love playing this guitar, puts a smile on my face when I do. I play mostly metal, I would say this is not made for metal but with the distortion factory petal it's sounds pretty awesome. The Dean Vendetta, which I also have, sounds much better and has more of the metal sound without the cool look. Bought this when it was on sale for $130, would buy again for same price.
6653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clamps work well and are built tough. Rated to hold 165lbs but I use it to hold LED bars or my Swarm FX5 which are less then half that. Once locked on they don't move!
4750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well, it works well enough for what it does, and I don't notice any problem with volume drop when engaged, but I've gotta say it gives you a very mild tremolo, with little adjustable effect. And when you compare it to the Electro-Harmonix Stereo Pulsar, it gets very badly blown away. The Pulsar can give you a deep, heavy throb, with choppy square waves that drop off to total silence, it will give you fine adjustments to the front and rear of the wave, and it can even imitate a backwards played guitar track! Get this only if you want the simplest tremolo possible, and if the Boss pedal size suits your setup. I think it's time Boss updated this little guy.
9882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use
Thousands of these tip-prone stands were sold (and are still in use) before K&M invented the much-more-stable , FIVE legged stand.  Search Amazon on:  K M trumpet stand
8246	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made a wonderful gift for a fantastic guitar playing friend (who always loses his pics).
I don't notice a large difference in tone between these strings and Martin's phosphor-bronze strings. In fact, I might not be able to tell the difference in a blind listening test. That means there isn't a huge disadvantage in sound in using these strings. Other than that I won't comment a lot on sound -- string tone is something that depends a lot on the guitar itself and your personal preference, and it's best to try out a set rather than ask someone with a different instrument and different ears whether they sound "bright" or "warm" or whatnot.
7585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It was just I wish
Don't worry about the type of sound, you can always use the amp Equalizer to modify that. I put more treble for some songs and more bass for others for example, that's not an issue.
9968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can't say a lot... they are simply my gauge and you know... Dunlop picks are very professional



4179	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I normally buy Gibson mandolin strings, but I decided to give ghs a try. They are made in America and had good reviews. They play good and sound clear and warm, however one of the A strings slowly unwound and popped as I was putting it on! Very disappointed that I had to put one of my old A strings back on to get through a performance the next day. I will not be buying these again.
6673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed some o clamps for my light stand and these worked great. Very strong and did exactly what I needed. No slipping and haven't had a single problem with them
3386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great recording of acoustic instruments.  Got all the nuances we were looking for.
5254	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop-filter rocks. I like it a lot, does well compared to lots of other filters I tried. It's got a nice look too.
2672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love it..needs no preamp.
My tastes have changed over toward quieter music, and these offer more attack with a lighter touch.
4958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is a reason these are rated so high. Secure, secure, secure. Now installing on a new strap will take some patience and some force but well worth it.
Great for speed picking. I really like how compact and solid it feels.
8539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The G2 series is an excellent comprise between Evans' single ply G1 heads and the Hydraulic line which employs a layer of oil to further dampen a 2 ply head.
Definitely worth it, As soon as I opened the package I could feel how heavy the Dunlop Crybaby pedal was.
3572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Epiphone Les Paul 100 is a lot of guitar for the money. First of all it has two wonderful humbucker pickups (at the bridge & neck), separate volume & tone controls for each pickup and of course the classic Les Paul 3-way toggle to select bridge pickup, both Bridge & neck, or neck pickup. It has a bolt-on neck (rather than a glued neck) which IMO is not a bad thing, it is a bit thinner than your typical Les Paul which makes it light (a good thing). Still for the $250-$300 usually paid for a Les Paul 100, you get proper tuners (which are very good) a nice finish (mine is Hertitage Cherry Sunburst) and the wonderful Les Paul sound in a well-constructed, nicely-crafted guitar. The 12" radius neck feels wonderful, and I found no sharp fret-ends on the rosewood fretboard. All controls work just as they should (volume, tone, pickup selectors) and the tones this guitar is capable of are wonderful.

Heavy-duty build quality.  totally stage-ready.  Heavy weight and good padding on the bottom make this very stable for live performance. Mine have held up fine through numerous shows with no issues whatsoever.  A really nice feature is that they have a built-in physical connecting plate on the bottom that lets you join these physically together in gangs.
1. Doesn't hurt your fingers after long play - those super grippy picks can hurt after a while especially if you gig hard.
4223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It seems to be a good product. Will have  to try it soon. Looks better than a coat hanger and a pair of nylons. LOL
5811	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent case
If you're looking for a microphone for podcasting where you need to cheaply and easily pick up multiple voices around a table this would probably work well also.
3935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Some things just don't need to change. Some Wah pedals try to tempt you with built in fuzz, eq, or other wacky add-ons but WHY? I'd rather have one pedal that does its job perfectly than a pedal that does a bunch of stuff but sounds less than great. The Crybaby is a great effect to have for any style; everyone from Jack White to Jimmy Hendrix have used some incarnation of this pedal. It's a must have and that's really all there is to say.

4671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit up front that I only find slide guitar palatable in small doses.

6515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What i expected. Dont expect a lot of padding for 20 bones. You wouldnt expect an amazing backpack for 20 why a gigbag?
4665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you fingerpick you should love these strings.
3203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very compact and very easy to carry around. Easy to set up and break down. Doesn't take up much space. What more can I say?
5773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great, solid music folder! They make a bigger size "big band" style folder with a 3 inch spine so you can fit a lot of music. Also, the expanding pockets are deeper. But this folder, with its Elastic bands to keep music from falling out, works really well and can hold a lot of sheets safely with no worry of damage or wear and tear. I am a classical sax player with a lot of solo pieces/sheets, warm ups and etude books. This folder holds all my stuff with room to spare. This might be the best choice for a music folder.
1582	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cheap, works great. It's a perfect last resort in any live or recording situation.
5556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simple. Elegant. Effective.
2347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelente

3322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I upgraded from an SM58 and our sound guy says the Beta helps my voice cut through the mix a bit better than the SM.  I need all the help I can get, and this helped!
6887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings for the price range
4145	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks like it's going to work perfectly.
4573	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super cool colors! Very impressed. Really pops when it's on my guitar.
8209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent service and product.
5489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	amazing sound, you can make any blue, rock and folk sound, and play very nice.  is total recomend. for expert and amateur playing

6579	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
I have a Dimebucker in the bridge of my 1980 Ibanez Iceman with a Seymour Duncan Jazz in the neck. Both pickups are coil split and I installed a phase switch. I don't think there is a guitar tone this combo can't nail.
7884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best gig bags I have used as a working musician. For me it is a good balance between portability and convenience on one hand and protection on the other. No gig bag will save your guitar if you do something stupid (leave it on the roof of your car and drive down the freeway). If you take reasonable care, this bag is perfect for gigging.
It's a little bit more flexible than a heavy pick, but you can really get to attack
616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a nicely made cable, BUT NOTE THIS - if you're looking to hook up a microphone to your computer - be aware that many microphones using this type of plug require "phantom power" to operate - this is to say that just plugging it into your computer using the 3.5mm plug will not work for microphones requiring this type of power. Internet search for "microphone phantom power" for more information.
1974	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I picked this microphone to go with my new Canon T3i camera so I could make some YouTube how-to videos.  I read several reviews on various mics, and even considered using some of my studio mics (e.g. Neumann, AKG, Shure) using the Shure 3.5mm to XLR adapter.  I finally decided to buy this mic and cannot say enough good things about it.  The performance for voice applications is excellent and the included foam filter eliminates pops.  There is some slight mid peakiness, but overall I am totally satisfied with this purchase.  I hope you will feel the same should you choose this microphone.

I've tried using EC Resonant and Resonant heads too from Evans, but I felt like there was too much sustain on them. These work great.
Construction is very nice, the interior finish is comfortable.  Treat it with care and it should last  forever.
When considering microphone choices, two rules come to mind.
I've made my own homemade pedal box and attached it to them.

The sound quality is just 'okay'.  It is a cheaper mic, so expect to have to EQ a lot of midrange out of it.  Do not expect very good low end response.  However, it will pick up very well and handles high volume singing (?) without breaking up or distorting.
3733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First one I've owned. Never knew how difficult it was to use one properly. To my knowledge, works well. Arrived quickly and in good shape.

4313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am nearly 71 years old and have played acoustic stringed instruments for the last 52 of them. I decided it was time to try out an electric guitar - I keep a couple of small (15W) amps in the house to use with the acoustic-electrics. When I say this Epiphone go up for $119., I decided to pull the plug - and boy, am I ever glad that I did.
4551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great everything , first of all u don't have to be a beginner to shredd this beauty is not the guitar is the player perfect price for a perfect guitar depending on what sound are you looking for it can play anything some crunchy hard rock n roll or some blues songs which is my preference anyway BUY IT !!!
[Update 7/25/10: My Orlando guitar was stolen. Boo Hoo!!!]
4971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for keeping the dust off of my Korg PS- 60. Bought one for a vintage Roland MP 600. It works but it was a bit of a stretch.
You can also spend too much on a cable to make a real improvement over this one.
6344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been a guitarist for over 40 years and never worked with a capo!
7193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my 6 string lap steel. Has a nice weight and heavy duty quality. Would be too short for anything more than a six string.
9899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product Great Service
2592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Amp is very clear, crisp, and has just the right amount of low frequency response. It isn't boomy, but it is able to make my electric violin sound more natural. I found it after doing extensive research online. A lot of bloggers and YouTube instrumentalists take the time to professionally record their results, so do your homework! Free marketing for VOX in my opinion.

the strings with it.
178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For what you pay, this is a great pedal. (Got a discount with Prime)
LIke it.
7	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cheap ukulele; got what I ordered.
Still I think the speakers are a good buy.
7429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product!
3627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings just wish I had gone with the extra light instead.
8490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo!!
9235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love cheap imitations that work. This is not the  cheap imitation ........and it shines!!!!!
7281	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
- Versatility.  Handles high sound pressure (SPL) with grace, which means you can mic your loud guitar cabinet.  Also does well at lower volumes with your preamp gain cranked up.  If you need more sensitivity, go with a condenser mic.
This one gets the big 5 for being everything i wanted it to be!
5096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best cable I have had in my life! Bought mine in April 2015, and it still works like the first day I used it. Do not hesitate to buy it. You are going to love it!
895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works perfect!
These are perfect for me because I prefer a 5B diameter, but without the heavy weight and balance issues I often had with bigger sticks. The Rebound 5B has the thickness I need but plays fast and lightweight like a nice jazz stick.
9277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
why...i wonder...it is simply a balance...thingie

9984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my husband will love these!
3230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this case to put a computer in it.  Gator cases are very high quality and they are very durable.  I would not buy any other brand.  I also have a Gator 4 space rack case and I have been bringing it to all of  my jobs for a good 2-3 years now and it is still holding up very well.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to transport gear around.
3625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings for an Ibanez 12-string guitar. Installed and tuned up fine. A little stretching and re-tuning required, but that's normal. I prefer the extra light strings, but some prefer the heavier strings for a more "round" sound. To each their own, of course, but these work great and are a good value for the price.
4100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So I played for a while.  Drums are very fun.  They're difficult in their own way.  I think every musician should learn drums and piano.
Descriptions of pedal "tone" are very subjective and hard to convey in words, but the best thing I can say about the OD-3 boosts your tone and adds fullness and gain without sacrificing transparency.  Your guitar will still sounds like your guitar - only on steroids.  That's what a good overdrive should do.  I tried it with a Les Paul and it could handle everything from smooth blues to crunchy classic rock.  With a Stratocaster, however, it really comes alive.  You can get a lot of those great "Stevie Ray" or classic rock tones with a Tubescreamer boosting an already overdriven amplifier.  Or you can just plug in the OD-3 and get an equally awesome effect.  Pick attack is very well defined from note to note too - it's an analog circuitry, but BOSS really did some nice work under the hood to refine it.

4356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works fine, although the mount is a bit weird to me... but I see that most are the same.  As a pop filter it works perfectly and I was not able to hear any clarity loss or sound coloring.  Just pop filtering through black pantyhose !! lol
Weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but I soon got used to it. No pickguard and it doesn't need one. Lots of relief between strings and body. You won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. Makes it easy to clean too!


P.S. As other reviewers have pointed out, Amazon's stock photo of this item is outdated and does not represent the item you receive.
- Sturdy.  The bottom and sides are plastic for support.  This thing is built to last.
the sound quality is amazing, its the first time i listened to music at such amazing quality, I heard things I haven't heard before, even on my stereo system which is pretty amazing as well. it sits really nice on your head and the volume isn't blowing away, i mean you can get to a very high volume and not feel like it's busting your brains, It sounds really balanced and smooth. they do not look so fragile but they are extremely light so I would watch my way with them. I'd also recommend getting an extra cable just in case, since its not a regular cable you could find everywhere, i suppose.
DON"T PASS THIS UP.
5039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product!
196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality
8562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job, but don't forget them at a gig!
Received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door.
8559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for beginners. Helps to build up the calluses without hurting your fingers. Nice mellow sound.
421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have never had a problem with Hosa cables. I use them for everything in my home studio. Well made and I've never had one fail.
Excelente precio, y se ven que son durables...
3529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good  strings  super  fast  shipping
3261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First things first: These are GREAT microphones, however I URGE you to be EXTREMELY cautious about buying. Buy only from long-time reputable dealers with a Shure reseller presence (from Shure themselves) to be certain to get what you are paying for. Caveat Emptor.

6745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Surprisingly heavy duty for the price.  They are heavier weight and thicker than the photos suggest. We wouldn't buy these for anything smaller than a PAR 56 fixture as they would be overkill and look too big.

Received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door.
8211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these for 25 years on my acoustic guitars.
Light #2 strobes at random, and does not work in manual mode. However, it does work when plugged into a strobe controller.
4327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	filter works very well and looks professional. only problem i am having is that the clamp seems to work specifically with a mic stand or similar type structure.
2336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every person has their own taste and opinions when it comes to audio. I feel this one is more sensitive than my SM58. The quality of tones - clearness and vocal is almost identical. If using the microphone for professional records, would go better, however, for karaoke or singing, this is perfect and does not empty the bank account!!! Shure has never left me down anywhere for anything.
603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Superb quality as expected, if you're familiar with this brand then you know what it's all about, couldn't ask for more.
7316	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as expected

8636	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got these for my daughter's acoustic and she loves them. They have made it easier for her to play and she's been practicing more which I see as a benefit.
6785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yes perfectly using one guitar in two amps
7578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use D'Addario string on most of my string instruments, from basses to violins.
- Lead is detachable and replaceable
2506	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great sound
2774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I don't know what more to say. It's not the most expensive, gold plated cord out there. But it does the trick well. Nice, dependable cord.


3646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	light strings will break more easily, obviously.

2057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for potentiometers (pots) on electronics AFTER you have already cleaned them with DeoxIT D5. This product will lube up the moving parts to keep them working smoothly. I used this (and D5) on a used Marshall JCM900 that my guitarist bought. He got it for a great price because all of the volume and tone controls would make a crackly noise through the speakers when you would turn them. Well, I took the amp apart and hit all of the pots with D5; after they were dry I sprayed them with this F5 and now the amp's controls are dead silent! The D5 is what stopped the crackly sound but this F5 is what is gonna help them stay that way.
5130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works Great! Came on Time! Doesn't give that buzzing sound! Matches my guitar perfectly!
4247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know if I have the guitar abilities to fully justify a review, but I will tell you my feelings.
1369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product for my BerhingerX32 board. Works great with mp3 hook ups.
The Hohner "Little Lady" is the same size, but actually plays nicely. It's what you want. Get that instead. $10 more, but you'll actually have a charming & playable necklace harp.
9788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	for my style of playing,  great picks.  Nice and flexi, good grip, great memory.  I don't play stupid heavy metal.  play acoustic, strat,  and a paul
The main reason I got this cable was because of the shielding. I had a large number of older cables, but they started to deteriorate. So I'm getting a couple more of these cables (in different lengths) to replace my old arsenal. What I really like about the quality of this cable are the  24k gold-plated plugs (which provide "superior signal flow and corrosion resistance"). I can definitely attest to the superior signal flow. I'm mostly a guitarist and not a huge hardware guy, but when I read "utilize ultra-pure, oxygen-free copper conductors for low capacitance and pure tone" and "two layers of shielding provide 100% coverage for superior insulation and noise rejection, making this the ultimate, high-performance cable" I was sold.

1397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas gift for my husband. He actually picked it out, but I made the purchase.  It was exactly what he wanted and he's happy so  I'M HAPPY!!
1630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, great price, handy connector. Would recommend to all who need this kind of connector. And did I mention the great price ?

475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
3441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these all the time. Love these strings
9468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	too light
It does stand several inches above the snare, which I can imagine can get in the way of a drummer moving from snare to hihat or whatever the situation may be if they have a tight kit, where just a level boom stand sneaking in between the drums would actually be better. In my opinion this is worth getting just to have as backup or as an alternative to have a clean kit micing setup and to set aside an extra stand.
1506	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Connections are solid. Nice lightweight aluminum. Perfect for live gigs.
1716	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Happy with this!
2075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
7227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After suffering through crackles, lost signals, and all the rest, I decided to heed the numerous positive reviews of the Spectraflex tweed cable and purchase one through Amazon.com.  Because the new acoustic-electric classical I received as a gift has an end-pin outlet, I bought the Spectraflex with the right angle connector.  Although I have been using the cable for only a few weeks, I am very impressed.  The connections on all the guitars and basses on which I've used it are sure, with no loss of signal, no crackles.  Perhaps most impressive is the fact that I can turn the right angle connector around and never have any change of signal.  Finally, I can be confident that when I play, something will consistently come out of the amplifier.  By the way, the old-school tweed look is a plus, too.
You'd a thunk somebody would've bested this old plow horse by now - and she was an old timer the first time I bought a set in '75!  But they stand tall as the very yardstick of acoustic guitar tone.
5071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the same Straploks on all my guitars for the past 10+ years.  I have not had one fail on me ever.  Just be sure to tug on it after you put your strap on to make sure it's on right.  I've struggled with the C clip in the past, but what are you going to do?  It's a one time thing when you first install, so it's no biggie.
137	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently took this guitar off the wall rack in my home studio where it sat for 2 years and played it and  stayed nearly in tune, it was only a flat from standard E tuning. I always like this guitar better from more expensive because price, quality, and tone. Upon purchasing this guitar, cuz I neeeded for a classical class that I took back then, I changed the strings to D'addario pro arte hard tension and the sound gain a richer tone. Even my instructor who was a hardcore classical player noticed. Im so happy with my Yamaha, So glad that I purchase it instead of a $fifteen hundred dollar Ramirez..
1591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I cover a broad range of sound reinforcement, and these are always among my adapters. They are a good investment, when it's crunch time, and you can't drive home.
Update: the 3-way switch has a bit of a problem, if pushed down all the way quickly, it won't play so i have to push it back up one then down to tone again, but thats not a problem for me, it might not be like that on all guitars.
3105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cartridge for my Technics SL-1200 so I could use it for DJing when needed. As I use my 1200 for both DJing and normal listening, I switch the M44G and my slipmat out for my Shure M97xE and standard Technics rubber mat as needed. So far, it has proven itself and has exceeded my expectations. I am rather new to DJing with real vinyl which should be taking into account. But, while I was practicing, it never lost track while both cueing and when doing spin-backs and other things. I am not a scratch DJ, however, so I didn't try any of that type of stuff and the M44-7 seems to be Shure's recommended choice for scratching.

Although I will be changing the strings today, this guitar rocks with my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fender-Mustang-I-Electric-Guitar-Amplifier/dp/B0042EZH6W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fender Mustang I Electric Guitar Amplifier</a>&nbsp;(another great buy from Amazon).
Next! I wish they'd just name the settings "clean", "overdrive", "distortion", and so on. JC Clean, Black Panel, Brit combo and R-Fier mean nothing to me.
5402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing can't go wrong with this! I always go for these strings on my sevens
I do agree with another reviewer, the green version is a bit darker than the one pictured, but it's not a deal-breaker for me.
1149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works very well, good quality for the price
8537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These drum heads are the best, they pitch out a perfect sound and are ready to play. Tuning these drum heads will not be a problem, they are best for studio use, live, church, and practicing.. I highly recommend the G2 drum head for you, your gonna love it, I guarantee it.
1051	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good quality
897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've used it a few times and like the feel of the larger - heavier cord. Not sure how it will last though. Time will tell.  Even premium cords do wear out.
1429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is good cable. Excellent 1/4" plugs. The lugs and solder joints are covered with heat shrink material, which will hold everything in place for years. Grade A+ cable at a very affordable price. Definitely  going back for more. The 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft.
2107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
5372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A little story to back these lock's integrity.  I installed them on a Korean made Washburn WG-587v.  Incredible guitar after tweaking.  I did a guitar spin at a show and the guitar went flying.  The strap lock was still on the strap and locked into the holder.  The screw had ripped out of the horn of the guitar!  The screw tore through about a half inch of solid wood (and I epoxy all my screws in) before the strap lock broke.  Amazing.

3619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	quality strings

8793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Buy and eighth instead of a quarter and put down a little cash and get yourself a 1-4 year supply of picks for the price of 12 from the Guitar Store. And... The dude abides!

9761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Evans-Hydraulic-Glass-Tompack-Standard-12-inch-13-inch-16-inch/dp/B001RFBEPM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Evans Hydraulic Glass Tompack, Standard (12 inch, 13 inch, 16 inch)</a>I have been playing drums since I was nine years old, hard rock, blues, jazz, funk, I have played it all. I am now 54, so what, I feel twenty five and I am still playing hard. I grew up on these drums playing to Zeppelin, The Who, BOC, and today, Tool, Linkin Park, and the list goes on. Those are my qualifications for what it's worth. I have played a great number of heads over the year, from REMO Weatherking's, Silverdots, Vintage Emperors and Pinstripes, all are very good. A few years ago I strayed off the beaten path of Remo and tried a set of Evans Hydraulics on my set. It is a 1976 Ludwig Blue Vistalite kit, eight drums deep with three Roto's. I got the Evans initially because they even made the hydraulic heads for my smallest 6 inch tom. I put this blue sticky blob stuff called Moongel (RTOM) on each one, just a small piece on each drum will do as they have a resonating undertone that need a little damping under the lights of a live show. I love the Evans Heads, they last forever, they sound better than any Remo head I have ever owned and they take the punishment I put down, and I play hard, very hard. Ever play Moby Dick soft? Can't be done. I have the Evans EC (Older one) on my snare and it pops with a sound much like a coated head which I love on this otherwise open sounding drum, it has great control. On the 24 inch Bass Drum I have the Evans EMAD, rings attached. It has lasted longer than any Bass head I have ever owned, in fact it has lasted through two bass pedal hammers and is still going strong. This is probably attributable to the stick-on pads I have where the hammer hits but still, I have had these on other heads only to bash a hammer through it at the most inopportune time, like in the middle of a set, that sucks. Unless somebody else pulls me away, Evans on my kit are there to stay. Last set I bought in 2005, I want to get a new set just because I want a new set, not because I need them, in fact I may just talk myself out of it and spend the bucks somewhere else, hmmmm, maybe a new cymbal. Look, Evans, definitely a ten in my book. ROCK ON.
Update: These sticks really are incredible. They last WAAAAY longer than Vic Firths. I'll be sticking with Vaters from now on!!
500k pots and side body 1/4 TRplug keeps the cable out of the way.

4610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	THE BEST!!!!
One thing I like about Epiphones and Gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. This makes it VERY easy to palm mute and play with high gain. I lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my Strats the damn volume knob is in the way.
3987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use on my American Strat. I'm impressed with them, the first set I put on over a month ago is still on my Strat that gets played only on gigs every now and then. Usually strings would get rusty and old real quick...
5940	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There are other cases out there that cost more than the genuine Epiphone case. I don't think you can find a better case however, regardless of cost. The quality of this case is fantastic. I have a Lim. Ed. Les Paul Custom Pro and this case fit it like a glove! If you have an Epiphone Les Paul, do yourself a favor and get a genuine Epiphone case.

3753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good reeds - very high percent of the box are quite playable.
9858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i'm a beginner on play guitar and most time i play strumming in church praise team. when i play faster songs, thick gauge picks are very easy to lose. so i like to play with thin gauge picks. i have used the 0.46mm (white)one and i want to make the guitar sound more brighter. i pick this gray one and i played last friday and sunday worship, it made sound that i desired and it wouldn't fly away from my hand while i was plying fast praise songs.
8160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like the Daddario strings but I thought I would give these a try again on my Martin guitar. They sound nice but not quite as nice in my opinion as what I am used to using.
1839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everthing ok

1139	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this worked perfect with phantom power to let me use 2 studio condenser mics instead of one.  sounds great with NO hum on the skype test calls.

8761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the sound of these strings more than any other, but they do wear out more quickly.
9556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo!  it's a little large, but not so large that it gets in the way.  Holds all 6 strings down evenly without buzzing or bending the notes... Can't ask for much more out of a capo.
5736	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	top quality product

5284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's the right size and solid made with decent fabrics. Only thing is the price - my keyboard case only cost $39... Specialty item costs more I guess.
This is the new and improved jazz style pick and I am still trying to figure out if I like this or the trad Fender jazz pick.  Or perhaps having a few slightly different picks laying around isn't such a bad idea after all.
4933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy to use, spring is very strong.  Would not recommend for nylon strings.  Good value and works well.
5332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So unique and beautiful. Love love love!
7702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great, not tinny.

is why some people buy multiple guitars. A guitar for every season, so to speak, with nickel plated
1623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Berry good
5155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great invention makes  removing your strap to put guitar in case so much easier and faster very easy to use
5783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Kyser capos are the best!
271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product 100% recommended seller

6000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does everything a cap should.
I'm only 3 months into this journey to become a musician, so a beginner, but absolutely love everything about this guitar. I messed around in the early 90's on old electric while in college, but never learned chords or any songs. When my wife acquired her old Sears-quality kids guitar from her Mom, I put new strings for something to mess around with on the weekends. Several weeks later, I got a cheap First Act electric for $25. Several weeks later a nice Takamine acoustic as the ears "learned" the notes and chords better. While switching from this quality acoustic guitar to the First Act, it was clearly apparent the First Act was a piece of junk. Notes and chords were just not clear and just not enjoyable to play. Well, this Epiphone is an awesome step forward combined with the Marshall amp. While I want to progress to blues scales in time, I've purposely focused on the major and minor chords and seamless transition between them. This guitar expresses the notes of chords so clearly. What I love most is the ability to slightly modify major chords like from Dmaj to Dsus4 and have it translate so clear as an example. Prior I never used the effects on my Marshall because it just sounded like a mess, but this guitar solves that issue. After a whole weekend of use, it felt like a big leap forward just because of quality. The fretboard layout helped refine the chords I've learned so far, so all strings were clear. Really helped practicing bending, hammer-ons and pull offs too. At any rate, for the money, it's hard to beat. I suspect that if this journey continues a more expensive guitar may be warranted in a few years, but as others have said, this will always be a quality practice instrument. Especially considering we spend every other weekend at our beach bungalow and it is nice not having to transport every time.
1046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cables
I purchased two of these to connect my studio monitors to my mixer.. I have a large range of 1/4 cables and have never had a problem but the diameter of the 1/4 plug on these cables is simply to small.... they are not a tight fit into the socket and the sound can cut in/out.
- Easy to Clip on Guitar Head

-The capo just looks better. Its design looks top notch.
The replacement monitors worked as anticipated... these are excellent passive (yes, you need to power them with a separate amplifier) monitors - with very accurate sound reproduction for the low price and represent a great value.
4500	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These acoustic guitar strings are from a great acoustic guitar manufacturer.  So it should be a no brainer to purchase these guitar strings.
I have both types on my guitars.
8398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
1540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfy for the performance and the nice price with excelent stereo quality.
5100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a few different straplock options and these are the best. Not only do they securely hold the strap to the guitar they also look pretty good. Highly recommend.

7142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i just put these on my fender acoustic, they have a nice warm tone and bend semi easily. I would buy these again
5527	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did not purchase this case through Amazon, but must comment on how awesome Gator customer service is.  I purchased the case for my Korg Kronos 88.  I owned the case for 4 years when the zipper broke.  I contacted Gator customer service and presented them with pictures of the defective zipper along with my original receipt.  I had a brand new replacement case within 1 week.  Amazing!  With such great customer support you can't go wrong with this case.  It's not just about the purchase, but also about your experience with the company if something goes wrong up the road.  5 Stars!
I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good. Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.

Both the new and old versions reproduce operatic voices without increased "ping" which can be very abrasive.  Years ago I started using phones to judge voices on choral recordings, resorting to speakers only to judge the organ sound.  Speakers can make some beautiful voices sound nasty.  Producer John Culshaw documented this in one of his books on recording the Wagner Ring.

Right now I am not using it much for trying to wear out the ones I bought before it. But once they are worn out my intention is just to use the Marine Band.
3590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have owned several "budget" guitars and don't fool yourself - this is a budget guitar.
468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A good affordable replacement. Working well so far.
7771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	our fiddle player loves these strings! and he plays really well! unlike our last fiddle player...
Great product!
7333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Title says it all.  I needed a drum library for my ZenDrum and the sounds Alesis SR18 are great! I needed to work with a lot of midi and easily am able to assign any drum to any source.  Good manual.  After a day or so of getting of the learning curve it was very straight forward.
7206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is what my professor Gregory Dubay uses for his cello.  And this is what was stock on my yamaha electric cello.  And I like them.
I bought a variety pack and spent a good amount of time testing all the shapes, sizes and materials, both unplugged and through a PA.
8253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these.  My second set, wanted a surplus.  I use them for a ukulele.  The .38mm is thin and soft...perfect.  And, super fast delivery. Thank you
3489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good on my 4 string basses, but have to use something different for the 5 string. Got exactly what I wanted.
NOTE:  After receiving the checkerboard pattern Stick Rapp, I want to warn buyers that, for some reason, this pattern is thinner and much less tacky than the solid black!
438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Using to connect microphone to analog mixer and it functions very well.
1070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No issues with these instrument cables. Hosa has always impressed me with their quality and price points. I will never spend $30+ at Guitar Center for cables again.
8183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	okay, so i play death metal (heres where tone enthusiasts deny my opinions) anyhow. So i have my SLIGHTLY muffled bass drum (or else you cant hear it over guitars and bass) and my HD dry snare, and my chinas ans effects and crashes and rides and hats and all this other gear oriented towards playing metal (on a budget of course, lol) but most times when i listen to death metal, toms are flat sounding and kinda quiet. I want my fills to ring out and have lots of i guess more timbre of the drums. and i think these single ply's do much better at it then a double ply head.these are bright sounding, and feel surprisingly durable for single ply. i recommend them for any style. they sound great.
8541	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	bend to easily make an odd sound
the sound engineer could complain about the fact that they are cheap.
6681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made such a big difference in my sound.
4552	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	If you're getting a starter guitar get the Jackson Dinky js 11 this guitar buzzes and can even be unpredictable
3311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good!
1654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
5998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these (one for the studio and one for my live pedalboard).  Awesome for cascading gain.  Not to be used alone (bad bad bad solid state).  Wonderful cascaded into a tube preamp or tube distortion pedal.  Adds bite and drive to lead tones (using it cascaded into a Mesa Boogie FormulaPre....)
Update 6/28/15...I've ordered some more of these...before they go out of production too.  Still very happy with them.  I did some additional testing, and these fit an amazing array of Shure cartridge bodies...except the small shanked V15-3 (which was an odd-ball), and the M44-x, (can't clear the plastic on the front).  They fit the M91E, M93 (early versions, with the clip-in mount), and even the V15vMR.  It's nice to have a disposable "nail" that I can use in that great cartridge for tracking flea market vinyl finds!  Naturally, the V15 stylus sounds a little better, and tracks considerably better at lower VTF, but the N35X is certainly quite usable, and sounds very good at 2.5 grams.
It is all personal preference.
5672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo! You really do need the extra strength of this one for a 12 string guitar, to avoid the buzzing or dull sound of a 6 string guitar capo that lacks the required force.

3831	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Excellent, light, fast stick...only complaint is that the stick gets very narrow at the tip and so the weight balance seems a bit strange.  But all in allI enjoy this model
5323	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the first set of these straploks because I was using an older leather strap that had sentimental value but questionable post holes.  These things work so well and lock in so solidly that I now put a set on all my new instruments before I sling them over my shoulder.  I prefer the Dunlop push-button approach to the Schaeller pull-pin design.  And the fact that the strap rides above the post allows me to loop the guitar cord over the endpin without anything binding or rubbing against the guitar finish.  Highly recommended!
3447	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I finally managed to solve the problem of getting a really durable flight case for my prized vintage Conn New Wonder II ("Chu") tenor with this Gator Deluxe ABS case which to my surprise accommodates the opposing bell keys. That's always the big question with these shaped cases. In fact there is a bit of extra room lengthwise so that I think I will add a piece of material to the top of the end plug to make things nice and stable. The case closes without any hint of it being too small and when I shake the case, I can't detect any movement of the instrument inside. That's what you want so that in case of major impact, the instrument is not damaged by the inertia of movement inside its case.

On electric guitar the attack is so much more pronounced and clear, the difference immediately stands out.
One thing that's great about this 10" model is the throw. With a super-wide 90 degree dispersion angle, sound fills out the space up close within a few feet, depending on placement (I prefer getting them up as high as possible on stands and using the clever 7.5 degree tilt function). The dispersion angle is also matched between the woofer and tweeter so you're never hearing just one or the other. 90 degrees is ideal for tight performance areas where you want people right in front of you to hear everything.
to have the soundcard outside.
9610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	In writing a simple review for such a simple product there's only a few concerns you should have. 1. Would the adhesive dry out on this and 2. does it wear over time? The answer is it gets 4 stars. It doesn't dry out but I had to replace mine after 5 years because it eventually wore out. That's pretty good! Not perfect but pretty god!
9196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent construction, good materials, all m microphones fit perfectly with enough room for 3 clips and 2 cables. Great look, too.
3925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There are all kinds of good strings out there.  Shop around and really play on a few different brands before you are dead set on buying a bunch of one type of string.
8088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just upgraded from the .66 light grey to the .73 dark grey and love it. I have so much more control of my picking and the textured pick stays put in your hand.
7943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchased these strings to replace a broken A string (Legacy, perlon core) that didn't hold up well, the ball end broke off.
7040	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hands down, the nicest pick I've ever used for steel-string acoustic. The grip is perfect, the edge is clean, the material is nearly indestructible. Just fantastic.
2588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like our little Vox Acoustic amp!
If you sift through a number of pairs, though, you will find music lighter ones. That is because there is a lot of variation in Zildjian's manufacturing process. If you  are playing lightly amplified music, like some forms of progressive rock and more traditional blues, then an 1100 gram top and a bottom in the 1450 range will work well. Of course, even lighter is better. For louder jazz with horns and some amplification 1050 gram tops and 1375-1400 gram bottoms should work. For acoustic music I would look at the K Custom or K Constantinople lines for appropriate hats.
want to take care of it properly.

The SM sounded muted compared to D5 without any sound modification out of box.  The output is also a little less sensitive than the D5.
2037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Picked this up at a thrift shop for 5 dollars!!! Works like a charm. I blast my music in my room and go all over my property. Best envestment in wireless I made sofar XD

8405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and holds strings securely. Handy to just clip it to the head when not in use. Doesn't interfere with playing. Nice looking, too.
4592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've ordered 4 of these already. They feel like really good quality. It's a really good investment of such a low price to prevent my really expensive instruments from falling on stage as my straps used to slip off occasionally. The reason for 4 stars is because it's a little hard to get them installed on your strap depending on the thickness. On my really fat strap it took two of us to squeeze the two washers hard enough to be able install it, while on my thin strap there was a lot of space between the washer and strap so I had to wrap it with something to stop it from wobbling around (I used fishing line). You could see on the photo what I mean. But great strap locks besides that.
1170	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product we looking forward to getting on the road and having every piece needed for the gig. God bless!
8452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good price, good product.
5600	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best quality interior and exterior you can reasonable find in a guitar case.  Designed to fit a Les Paul nice and snug with little chance of any damage as you travel.
9910	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Short length, not Ernie ball brand, knock off product
I recommend stearing clear from these entirely.


5882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my Epiphone Zakk Wylde Custom Les Paul. It fits perfectly in the case, one of the best cases I own and have seen, the carpet is awesome, also has a pocket in the middle, what holds the neck up, and can fit a strap and even a pedal. Very durable case and seems like the younger brother of the more expensive Gibson case.
4450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings. Will buy more when the price drops. Thank you.
6853	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased the Morley ABY splitter so I could use my amp (Marshall DSL  only one input) to drive two instruments and so I could move quickly from my guitar to my steel. My 2 rating of the Morley splitter is due to its inability to handle a wireless input source properly. When you're using the A and B switching option (both instruments are hot) and one of the two instruments is wireless, attenuation/volume loss is in the neighborhood of 80% for the instrument connected via a traditional instrument cable. Also, when using two instruments, both connected via traditional instrument cable inputs, and you're using the same A and B switching option, there is still a noticeable reduction in volume (imo: 10% loss). From what I can tell, when using two instruments, both connected via traditional instrument cable inputs, and you're using the A or B switching option, there is no noticeable loss of volume or tone. Ive performed extensive troubleshooting just to make sure these issues were not caused by a faulty cable or instrument (single coil vs humbucker, etc.). So, I cycled three of my guitars (American Deluxe Strat  single & double coils; Les Paul; Peavey PowerSlide lap steel  also single/double coil) through the different input channels. All scenarios produced the same result as mentioned above.
8470	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best guitar picks my last ones lasted for years
25	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If your looking for a starter Uke and you want to learn, this is a good cheap way to start. Once the uke got tuned which takes about 2-3 days with the string stretch, it plays well and sounds good.
Amazon is usually good about returning defective items for me, but in this case the response was "out of warranty" and I'm just left with a worthless guitar that I paid $145 for.
5694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the money you can't find a better deal.  I am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along.  This is a great playing guitar for the money, comes packaged extremely well and high quality all around for the price.
Both sound great, it's up to you to choose the preferred "texture", I'm leaning toward the Max-Grip, but these still sound great.
7734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelent
7764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super cool colors! Very impressed. Really pops when it's on my guitar.

I do recommend this product for recording studios. It has helped me achieve sounds that I otherwise would have had to spend thousands of dollars on microphones and amps to achieve.
4212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If's you are wanting a light, bright tone for your mandolin, then these are the strings to  buy.  Note that these are NOT bluegrass gauge.  Great sound on my Kentucky instrument.
As far as the construction, it not a flight case by any means. It looks as though it will hold up to at least some abuse and still do its job, to protect the guitar. My guitar does not move in the case due to its perfect fit. With this said, over time there is a possibility of wear. I would predict the buckles may be the first to fail. And then handle doesn't look as durable as it could be , we'll see on that.
In all this time I used Evans Drumhead and accesories evans


 I would recommend for the home for your own enjoyment or giving lessons etc. A lot of sound from a little box!
9699	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not much of a guitar pic. Went will cool cat tongue pics and they are much better.
4039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been playing guitar for over 30 years. I've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. My wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this guitar. It is a solid, well built guitar. The finish is beautiful. The pictures do it no justice. It sounds incredible. It has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. The clean tones are nice and warm. The neck is fast. No fret noise or hums. The pickups are really nice. Its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. From blues to hard rock & metal. I would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. You cannot find a better guitar for this price. I would have expected it to cost much more. I am extremely impressed with this great guitar. You can bet, when I add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. Well done Epiphone!!
8880	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	On time. Works great
Dear BBE, PLEASE clean up the front panel.
Drums, Kick (not bad)

891	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this years ago. It was a nice long cable that I bought figuring it'd be durable but it didn't last. Maybe it was my mistreatment of the cable but then again it should be built to gig... If I was better with wiring I'm sure it's fixable but all in all it didn't last as long as I'd hoped.
3152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these hold acoustics with cords in the jackpins at gigs, unlike nearly any other.
9797	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect guitar. Looks & sounds beautiful. It came all wrapped up and in perfect condition. Was everything that the description said it would be.
CONs
572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works. 'nuff said.
3136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm pretty much a guitar newbie, with reasonably good guitars, an Epiphone Les Paul and a Seagull acoustic, and these stands hold each securely with no tipping or slipping.
4025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. A great pedal, well made!
I needed something short for a run from a desktop mic to a mixer. This is perfect. Cable is flexible. Fittings seem to be high quality.
3952	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always enjoyed promark more than any other brand, including Vic firth. They are great sticks, good weight, good durability.

I also own a Rogue G-10, which I had purchased over a year ago, and I was starting to get sick of its tinny sound. the VOX Pathfinder 10 is leaps and bounds better than the Rogue, but that is already a known due to the price difference. Like the saying goes, "buy cheap, buy twice".
6744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Hi Hats are actually a little bit bright as far as A Customs go, but they are still really colorful and have great "chick" sound to them and articulate really really well. Great Hats.
5849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This folder is very nice, but the pockets could be bigger to accommodate larger sheet music. The pockets are not the full size of the folder.
494	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great functioning cable; perfect length needed for my application.
Those silk and steel strings give rich and beautiful tone, that I love. For me that's how the acoustic guitar should sound like.
3431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I switched back to Boomers (for guitar too) after years of playing D'Addario's. I love the D'Addarios don't get me wrong, but when I put on that first set of Boomers again it was instantly clear why I love Boomers
7682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	We got them to be a quieter alternative to our typical drumsticks. They provide a slight decrease in volume level, but not as much as I'd hoped. They also don't hold up for very long to the wear and tear of harder-playing drummers, especially on rim shots. Be prepared to clean up wood splinters around your drums.
2446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
* The guitar has a mahogany neck, but a basswood body. Do not let anyone tell you this is a bad thing. Basswood is a completely acceptable wood for musical instruments. It is not worse or better than mahogany or maple. It is just different. Once again, the differences involved will probably be irrelevant when added into all the other things that players do with amps, strings and pedals to create tone and sound from an electric guitar.
BTW, this may be a "unique" gauge as stated above, but other vendors are doing the same thing.  I can say with certainty that at least D'Addario (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/D-Addario-EXL120-Electric-Guitar-Strings-Super-Light-Plus-9-5-44/dp/B0002H03YY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">D'Addario EXL120+ Electric Guitar Strings, Super Light Plus, 9.5-44</a>) and DR (Half-Tite HT-9.5) also have string sets with comparable thicknesses.
5686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strong and long enough to capo a 12-string guitar without slipping or deadening strings.


3368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the wrap but it does wear down fast if you're using gloves as well. Can't knock a star off for that, however..
1929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	excellent for the price - low tracking weight, elliptical stylus.
- None
7067	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I especially love the cloth on these cables as they seem to pick up less dirt and dust compared to the usual rubber style cables.
8171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really liked them, just what I wanted to get. Good for Funk, Blues Funk rhythm guitar. I have also bought 1.14's  for lead blues. Good purchase
3258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this mic in a Hermes Music Store in Mcallen Tx, and its the best of mic's. It takes your voice clarity and in long distance. It worth every peny.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
6345	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These capos are my standard. I have a bunch but I think I would always reach for these first. This gold version has weird ridges that I don't really like but doesn't really make a difference
885	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else.
And if it gets banged up, so what???  It costs a buck thirty!  Buy another.  In facte I bought 2 others with different finishes, just for a cheap change up guitar.
BUILD -

9137	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice bag, but takes a little modification to make it work for the microphones. After a slight modification it will work fine.


7528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been endorsing RapCo Horizon without even knowing it. The majority of my cables are all RoadHog and or Dsub25 Cables.. Excellent Build, well priced and easily rolls up. As a mobile musician and studio engineer, these are THEE cables to have
I replaced the Cecilio strings that originally came with my acoustic/electric violin.
4703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	permanant fixture on my pedalboard. it's pretty basic but does the job very well. nice range and quality sound. I def recommend this pedal.
IMHO.
My Grado SR80s at 32 ohms do much better without an amp, but they are physically much less comfortable: the AKGs' earpads sit AROUND my ears rather than on top of them unlike the Grados, so aside from them getting a little warm (I might have to spring for the velour earpads sometime) I can happily wear them for hours and hours without my earlobes getting sore.  Also I can listen to music for hours and hours on them because they are so non-fatiguing: marvelously balanced and even have a slight treble roll-off, which is fine for someone getting on in years like me who's probably already lost a bit of the higher frequency hearing (above 15KHz).  The Grados on the other hand are impressive when you first plug them in because they are rather "hot"---the highest and lowest frequencies seem to be accentuated, which makes them kind of "fun" headphones especially if you listen to a lot of bass-heavy and/or high-tempo pop/dance or hard rock type music.
The fact is that if you're a gigging musician, and I am, you come to realize that all those subtle, detailed nuances of tone that so many want to obsess over get lost in the band mix, and in the poor acoustics of wherever you're playing.  Yes, we want to sound good to ourselves because that's inspiring, but frankly, I don't need $200+ dollar distortion/OD pedals to be inspired.
6278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice accessory for my looper.
644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well.  small gauge cable, and I don't suspect that it is "road worthy", but does what it is supposed to and is much better option to using multiple adaptors.
1420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good

9815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS! :D
2576	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great pedal at any price, I play guitar professionally and own several boutique pedals, tube preamps, etc. the Guv'nor Plus sounds great right next to my pricy stuff and in some cases better ! it is very similar to the OD1 setting in the Marshall JMP-1 rack preamp which to me sounds great, it packs serious low end punch with the deep control which adds lots of low end resonance, it is ideal if you play with typical backline amps like the Fender Twin, in front of a clean channel you can make open back combos sound like a much bigger amp (I got a twin to sound like a cranked JCM 800) and it works very good in overdrive channels as well, some folks say the Guv'nor is a bit dark sounding and I have to agree, there's not much high end sizzle and no fizz which for me it's a good thing but there's that mod where you remove the C22 part and you'll have more highs, I'm surprised this pedal is not as highly rated as other dirt pedals but I think it's as good as anything out there, hard to do better at this price, I recommend it.
One of the best points about this is it is comfortable and the mic itself can be adjusted closer or farther for better control over vocal quality. Also it is less apt to feedback. To me this is important in the small rooms we play because some handheld mics that we use are problematic in that aspect.
7998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My go-to pick.  No frills anti-slip texture.  I use them on all stringed instruments... Well, not piano,,,,
Bottom line:
4618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Acoustic  splendor personified in this set of charming guitar brilliance. I LOVE this set from Ernie Ball. They offer a deeper tone than the Slinky series, while retaining that metallic ring that we all love in our acoustics.
7693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great reed , you might need to get a reed a step down , I found it a little stiff . But good I like the reed.


4571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Other capos I have purchased did not hold the E string down with enough force, this one does.
This is the only harmonica I have ever owned that that gets better with age.
9485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent protection from the bass drum beaters, and doesn't leave sticky residue on the drum head. I've used these for years and have never had a problem with them.
4322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it
Currently, these are my standard tuner recommendations to my guitar students:
9328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice strings great sound and keeps in tune
4919	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo I've ever had.
7979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The colors are awesome! Love it
1445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price
9420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	offers a whole new level of ear thumping purgatory every time my son plays, which is almost every evening. at least the sound is pure and vibrant compared to his old set of heads. i highly recommend this item for anyone looking for one of the best drum heads and at an affordable price.
7601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the beat goes on
7863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works ver well but a bit cumbersome at thumb end.
7529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Well made product, I hope it will stand up to the abuse of public performance.
7540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for acoustic playing and a great value.
6964	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Let's see... they're smooth, and yet they don't slip when your fingers are sweaty. They have a crisp attack, and wear well. I like 'em.

Quality is excellent, and is a good choice IF your music will fit the pockets.
5333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  It is a little stiff for the first uses.
Overall, I'm happy with my choice. A guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. Maybe. I expect to be happy with it for a few years before I upgrade again.
To compare, the cecilio strings are wound. You can see it and feel it.
8587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bass picks.
1722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this before my last gig. Used it to send kick drum feed to my mixer  for my in ears as well as main mixer. It worked great. No problems yet!! I recommend for the price.
3011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, as advertised
5133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, I've use them before and have always thought they were top quality.  They aren't much larger than the originals that came with the guitar and that extra piece of mind is great!  Easy installation without any modification (at least on mine) and they connect/hold very solid.  Just make sure the buttons are all the way in or you could have mishap ;)
4898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice
3463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality cable, perfect length. Very happy with this purchase, and I'd definitely buy again.
5000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cover. Just a little tight for 76 key.
Enough said...
1666	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised, nothing more, nothing less. Good price though.
It took a few extra cords and converters to rig it to my pc. But well worth it for the quality.


4595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	neat strings. I have earthwood lights on my other guitar so im able to make a direct comparison to another type of string.
4746	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Plays great! Sound is sweet! Thank you! It is made in Germany. The plastic cover is made in China!
9644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	what a great idea this thing looks cool and makes my bass drum head last forever plus it came like next day I bought it on saterday and had it by monday afternoon.
9039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Kyser continues to make the best/fastest capo on the market.  The only negative is the thicker finish makes the capo squeak when it is squeezed to change location.  I think using it will eventually eliminate the noise.  Sure wish this finish came in a 12 string model. Kyser.
2658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	High quality, great price.
8760	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There are several Silk & Steel string options out there. After trying three of them, this one is my favorite so far for my parlor guitar. Moreover,  I think it's one of the cheapest. Keep in mind these are pretty light strings, so don't expect big booming sound.
6661	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good quality. will order again or recommend.

2675	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The industry standard. You can't go wrong with this mic.
External Storage - on both sides are side compartments for keeping cleaning cloths and accessories, even a compact foldable saxophone stand.  One of the compartments have internal holding slots for passport/ wallet/ 3pencil holders.

15	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Had to return this item. After it had been tuned and sat overnight, the neck tore away from the body of the instrument. The instruction book is very good for beginners.
9272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality strings by Gibson.
Tuning and playability have also improved, just as with the Pono. I must sound like I work for Martin but swear I don't. With the Kala I always had problem with the E string staying in tune (even took apart the friction tuners, put together and restrung, and tightened the screw). However, after restrung with M600 it has stayed in tune since!
1655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect to chain multiple speakers! Sometimes you are only given one output and these works great for those occasions.
The bottom is much heavier than the top and that how it works, the top sizzles against the bottom.
3077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Test record on this mic, it sounds good both on vocal and on acoustic guitar.
4198	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect little gem. Nice sturdy quality and clamps really well to the stand.
7069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great machine. Well made unit with A/C power supply included

The battery compartment is easily accessed without having to unplug anything.
6366	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	not bad.

1695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Used it to connect my iPad to an amp in order to get some electronic sounds off of an app. Worked as expected.
9903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For a beginner guitar, you can't go wrong.  I took mine to a guitar tech and had the strings changed.  Decided to go with electric guitar strings in "light" because of lack of toughness on my fingertips.  This is a beautiful guitar for the price.  Sounds so nice.  I'd be proud to take this anywhere.  Love the color and the design.  Perfect for me as an elder lady.
Before I found a career as a film and television sound recordist and mixer, I played in rock bands and did live sound mixing. One of the very first mics we truly fell in love with was the SM58. Introduced by the Shure Brothers Company in 1966, the SM58 quickly rose to become the industry standard in rugged road mics that actually sound good to the ear and are nearly indestructible.
* They cause much less wear than the 2nd hand rack screws and washers.
Recommended!
6199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	seasoned professional guitarist says "sweet! red color is subtle and cool. kyser is an excellent brand of capo. I highly recommend."
On a side note, a standard acoustic guitar gig bag will also hold the guitar, but the finish on this is so nice, I really wanted to protect it with a hardshell case.

2668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	been buying these mics for 40 years! They're still the best!

The only downside that I can find with this guitar is how the neck is fastened to the body.  If you're used to hammering away on your guitar, you'll never get a single note in tune - there seemes to be a tiny amount of play in the neck that affects intonation.  If you have a lighter touch, no problems.  So, you're not going to want to be jumping around on stage with this thing wrapped around you...aside from the fact that doing so may actually maim or kill one of your bandmates because of its bulk.
8	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My grandson is very happy with his new uke!
The only reason that I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it is still a beginners guitar. This is OK to start learning on but if you want to be a "Bass Player" you will want to get something better down the road.

Seriously, if you're looking for a simple, set and forget distortion that has a good basic tone for rock and metal, the Boss DS-1 is a great value. If you simply must have crystalline tone purity in a box, why are you still reading this? Get outta here already ;-)
9549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	EZ to mount, EZ to tune, sounds and looks great! That is all...



  - Expensive, given the task
8849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hooray! Now I don't need to rummage through my pockets for a pick. They are right there in front of me
1) Boss has been selling this pedal with great success since 1978, regardless of the fact that...
6888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Work good for my sixth graders guitar.
6510	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
3892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for a value string for my electric guitars.  These seem to do the trick.  I haven't had any issues with sound quality or them wearing out prematurely.  Very happy with the product.
4461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made. Very sturdy and much cheaper than the ones sold here locally at our music store.
8366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect as always,  Stunningly fast delivery
2189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just for background: I am not a professional musician, but I have been playing guitar and piano for over forty years.  I own several guitars.  I just purchased this for my nine-year-old daughter.  I had originally ordered a Luna Aurora Faerie guitar but sent it back.  The Luna was mostly plastic and assembled so poorly, that calling it anything but a toy would be untrue.  The Yamaha is another story.  It actually has a spruce top, wooden bridge and adjustable truss bar.  It is a real guitar in every sense of the word.  It is a true 3/4 scale guitar despite was others with little or no knowledge of guitars have posted.  The out-of-box action (string height) is good and can be played "as is."  For a better experience, it should be taken to a guitar shop and adjusted (set up) properly.  Action is adjusted by raising or lowering the neck or bridge nut, not by adjusting the truss rod - as many people attempt to do.

7039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks ever. I have tried dozens upon dozens of different picks and these take the cake for me. The width feels great between my fingers, the size makes it easy to handle, and the stiffness gives great control. I found the sizes smaller were a little to soft for me and the sizes larger were just a bit stiff. I feel like Goldilocks. Compared against the cheep classic picks, Fender, etc, these are awesome. They hold up a lot better and soft better in my opinion. Compared against Tortex the sound and feel are a wash but these last much longer. Anyway, everyone has their own preference and these are mine.
3034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this speak is very good and I think people will appreciate it for the price aloha.........drom hawaii
2202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is the 440MLa. An excellent sound, with plenty of clean, high frequency detail. I don't find it too bright, but there is lots of variation, depending on the record. Good records really show up nicely.  Much less tracking distortion that I'm used to and not the warm sound of the Grados, which I don't miss.  My only gripe is the low tracking force...1.4g means it is easy for clumsy people, like me, to bump the stylus out of the groove.
THERE ARE HEALTH BENEFITS
3101	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	After installing the Shure M35x cartridge and placing the needle on one of my favorite albums, I heard detail on the song that I've never noticed before. I paid top dollars for other brands and even for Shure's other models, but this one is a perfect fit for my system. The bass is natural, not boom-y and mids and highs are clear and clean. The weight is heavy enough to not allow the needle to jump out of the groove and skip or light enough where it looses it's tracking.

7010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	simple, easy to use, works well etc.  I would recommend this to any level player.  It is a great value.
8194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a superb mouthpiece that provides a noticeable step-up in tonal quality to the Van Doren B45 mouthpiece that I have been using for the past half century.  I was actually shocked to hear the immediate improvement in sound (that may also be partly attributed to my switching to a Rovner Classic Dark1R ligature when I switched mouthpieces) and the reduction in squeakiness that occasionally snuck into rapidly played high notes.  An excellent price for a top notch mouthpiece that all serious clarinet players should consider.  Quick delivery and good packing as well provided by the seller.  Notes throughout all registers seem to have better clarity and brightness to me than with my B45 and a little more resonance; it also seems easier to achieve an sustain a vibrato when I wish to use that
1383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cables. Even will do iPhones with cases on them!
6322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	like these. good tone feel, don't slip thu fingers
8069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a beginner and after having poor quality harmonicas decided to buy a good one. I Love this Harmonica! The sound is sweet. No dead reeds. Air tight. Feels good in my hands. It's beautiful. If I can manage to play enough to wear this one out, I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one. Highly recommended!
8516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the best ones ever, I wish you guys made this back on the 80's !
7683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're a drummer, the rods offer opportunities for sounds you can't get with sticks or brushes. If you're not a drummer, fugeddaboudit.
9825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best pics in the market today. High quality construction and never been disappointed with these.
5688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos are easy to use, well built, and store nicely on the head stock during a performance. This particular model offers a wider bar with a larger (flatter) neck radius for acoustic 12 strings. If you're planning on using the capo on anything but an acoustic 12 string, you should get a different model.
9471	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	thick, is a little more thick than other brands with the label hard, the tortex sounds a bit bright compare to other material. is a good choice for lead and fast picking.
Update:11-12-15. I discovered another crack in the vicinity off one of the screws that holds the neck on. I sent several pictures to Gibson Products/Epiphone a few days ago but have yet to receive a reply. It seems to be a pretty good guitar but I expected it to not be cracked. Guitar was made in China. Photos attached.
1159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this to plug three mics into my USB interface instead of two.  It works great; I don't know why I never thought of using one before.
When I want a heavier sound I switch to the clean channel and run my effects through it.
1859	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I needed to connect 2 distortion paddles to my amp...do yourself a favor, always order threw Amazon dealers! I placed an order threw onlinecarstereo.com and had to report a scam operation to my credit card co....their customer reviews were terrible, yet I made the mistake of placing n order...right before my eyes they changed their BAD reviews to add good ones....
Big fan of these so highly recommended if you need a small insert snake.
9327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great tone!! Texture and etc. Looking for tone? It i in there,

2280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my voice totally changed for better!
4579	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These strings are pretty bad. You get what you pay for I suppose. They aren't slick at all and wear out quickly. Shellout a few more dollars and get the Elixer strings. You won't regret it.
3177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ultimate Support makes EXCELLENT products that are in excellent condition when I get them and always do what they're supposed to do!
3908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this so much for my bouzouki that I bought a spare.....

9317	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good quality


8856	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings were purchased for my daughter who plays the guitar.  She stated they were awesome.  They have a great sound.
On my board there is ample room for the cover to also fit over my pedal, power and output signal cables. However it also folds into a compact form factor. It arrived in a plastic pouch that measured 9.5" x 6" x 1.75".  I did mention that it's super thin and those folded dimensions, compared to the size when unfolded and on the board, will give you an idea as to just how thin it is.
9326	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings they come on Gibson Historics I have R8 and. R9 and that's the only strings I'll put on them.

7589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product .  Good quality and works great
Well, that just about wraps up the complaint department.

If you do not have an electronic tuner, and tune your guitar with a pitch-pipe ALWAYS tune from the A string. As you adjust your tuning (hopefully you have stretched your strings when installing), tune from the LOOSE to the TIGHTER.  It will make sense when you do it.  Any problem, by the way, with how much 'harder' you need to press a string behind a fret, has NOTHING to do with the string - but EVERYTHING to do with the way the guitar is set-up.  The string heights should be as specified.  And, over time, there may be a need to have the neck reset or adjusted (via truss rod).  Leave that to a professional, if you're not sure.

Also, I've bought it at Amazon and they sold through J&R Music and Computer World which is an excellent supplier. They shipped in less time than expected.
1319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Great seller, also.

76	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for anybody!!!! Price is VERY reasonable. Great sound. Music sheets make it easy to play. I suggest getting the Music Maker carrying case as well to protect the harp and the music sheets. Tuning is tricky. I suggest too getting an electronic tuner!!! EZ-Tuner 8 works great. The harp music relaxes me, and whenever I am feeling stressed, I pause a while and play my harp. Have fun.
3527	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Have been playing guitar for many years now and from that experience can't say I was all that impressed with this set of strings. Did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string. Don't expect several of them to hold up for very long... and I change strings fairly regular due to the amount of playing I do.... but, these didn't withstand the usual period. Mostly disappointed with intonation. Prefer D'Addario hands down. With D'Addario I get great intonation and much better longevity, even beyond my typical switch outs.
3143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these as a gift for a friend.  He thinks they are the greatest thing ever.
6517	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I'm really sorry to say that it was very disappointing. Believe it or not, very difficult to install. I imagine if you have a $5,000.00 Gibson Mastertone, you might have better results. I, on the other hand, didn't and had to relocate the banjo's top rimrod and modify the pickup mounting bracket just to get it to clear the banjo's head. The sound was adequate.

2390	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this mic and it captures my voice perfectly. I spent way to much money on mics. There's a reason this one is so popular and considered a goto mic. I've struggled with the beta series and countless other things. The mic that's even better on my voice is Shure's sm7b but it's also 3 1/2 bills. Otherwise this is my goto mic and I don't feel "paranoid" about it. It feels like it COULD hammer nails. Awesome!
6290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Performs exactly as advertised. The first capo I had was a screw on and was a pain in the but, worked alright but with a significant amount of time to adjust. The second was a pistol grip style with a very small string. Easy to adjust but didn't have enough pressure to completely eliminate string buzz. This capo is solidly constructed and applies considerable pressure which is what is needed when capoing higher up the neck. Solidly constructed well product that works flawlessly.
3. The clamp, bendable arm, and everything work appropriately. The clamp is designed to hold onto a bar and not a flat surface. So mounting this to, say, a desk probably won't be a stable as attached to a round thing, like the stem to a mic.

999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is a good quality cable, but I did not anticipate how short five feet is. Not the cable's fault, I just didn't engage my brain when I ordered it.
2076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really great sound
9065	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pick for acoustic strumming. I have a very heavy hand when I play, and this has just the right amount of give to balance out my hard strums.
1634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	perfect for the job

982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great product...........perfect for what I needed in my recording studio
9257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Kyser capos are the best! Green is my favorite color so I am a happy baritone uke player
8548	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a lightweight pick for the acoustic guitar as accompaniment.  This is about as light as you can go and still get good control.  The pick gives a nice, light click and the nylon picks have great grip.  This weight is pretty useless for flatpicking, but it's really good for chords.
6707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Kyser KG6B 6 string capo comes with a 1 year warranty.
3553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product at Great Price Love the add on option from Amazon as I do not have a music store locally. I will use the option as I can.


I can't imagine anything better short of making it from real wood.
2725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
The bottom clamp on this one features a rubber piece that grips the metal pole that you attach to.  The competitors that I've tried do not.  If you do not have this rubber piece, any clamp will tend to slip down the pole and not grip properly.  This is a huge mistake as this makes using a pop filter on a boom stand impossible.  Fortunately, Nady placed this rubber piece on it's clamp so this has never been an issue.
9753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand of capo so much that I have a bunch of them. (I'm a little disorganized) I have given them as gifts, and think the colorful ones are not only less expensive, but easier to track down when my 2 year old takes off with them. They've been stepped on, and seriously mistreated, and you'd never know it. No paint comes off, no dents in the pad where it touches the strings (even though I have a higher voice and just use use capos most of the time to make it easier for me, even when the original singer doesn't use one), there's not a mark on any guitars I've used them on, and they're super quick to use one handed. I've even used one on a uke with success. Super well made. Buy one.
8803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Currently I have three of these. Using two for Audix AP61 receivers with OM2 wireless mics. The handheld mics fit great! Using the other one for a Sennheiser EW-D1 Digital system. The Sennheiser 835 digital wirelesss handheld just barely fits, thanks to it's extended battery on the end :)
My guitar was wrapped very well for shipping. It came with "The Yamaha Guitar Quickstart DVD." The DVD has some very useful information to help you get started if you have no idea what to do with your guitar once you take it out of the box. A "Welcome" sheet with some good basics for beginners was also included.
7779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
2. The Ukelele:  The Ukelele looks and feels decent. It has a sticker that says made in china. It comes pre-strung but it is out of tune.  I tuned it using the app I downloaded but it would not hold a tune. It is very bad that the sting gets out of tune before you even finish tuning all the other strings.  Basically, the ukelele sounded like an out of tuned toy when you first take it out of the box and even after a few adjustments.  Since the string is nylon, I gave it a chance to settle. I would tune it really sharp and leave it alone for at least 10 minutes or more then pick it up and strum on it and push the string from side to side.  I actually position the tuner pegs horizontally so I can see if it is moving when the string gets more tension. The tuner pegs stays in place so I know that the problem is with the string.  It could be that the string included is a cheap one.  After doing this a few time on day 1, I was able to play my first song I grabbed from the book (Clementine).  But after 1 song, you have to tune it again.  I just repeat what I did for the next 2 days, tuning it sharp and leaving it alone and play songs. Yesterday morning I tuned it sharp before leaving to work and when I came back in the afternoon, I checked the strings and they are still tuned to the same key I left them in the morning. I played with it for at least 10 minutes just trying to learn the music from the book and I was able to play at least 4 songs without any problem.  This morning, I checked the note again and they stay close to the G-C-E-A range. I could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more. Even if I have to tune it every day  I would not have any problem with it.
5988	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Very muddy tone. Not good for metal
9764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not too thin, not too thick, just right! And what Kurt Cobain used, among others obviously.
2853	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	When it was time for my niece and nephew to get their first "decent" headphones this was my choice. Version 2 is now out, which means the originals are available with deep price cuts. These are clear, balanced and comfortable. They use them for listening to music and for playing electronic keyboards. I worried that she would be disappointed that they are not Beats headphones. She got to try a friends set of Beats and decided that the AKG's sound much better. ... I'm so proud. She really can hear the difference.

I think the low distortion on the highs is a real strong point of the AT311EP.  It isn't brittle, it is clean.  I put on a really good copy of a very good recording ("What's New" by Linda Ronstadt with Nelson Riddle) and heard detail I frankly had never heard before with the Shure M92E.  On the other hand I put on a used bargain bin copy of an old Dells LP and even though I cleaned it best I could with the Discwasher and a carbon fiber brush the AT stylus collected so much stuff from deep in the groove I had to stop playing each side to clean off the dust clogged stylus and then resume play numerous times.
6095	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these pedals. Inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking.
The output is rather weak using line outs...Neither drum machine is perfect, but the Alesis is a more professioanl Drum machine in my humble opinion....Jim
8635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I lke the Dunlop even better though.  It's more sturdy. And they have a slightly smaller version of electric guitars.
7653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	THANKS
 - More force on lower frets
892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like this cable., It is a great, quality cord that is very durable and I think it would be a long time before I would need another one. The length is long enough for any need and the cable will obviously be around for a while.

with a clean tone. If that is what you want. They can also be hotter dependent upon their blend
1703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	well pleased, does what its built to do, I use mine from guitar to computer threw mic input, good seller
296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this guy and it works perfectly with my Yamaha EX5. Very sturdy in its construction. Great control/motion over the volume unlike other controllers that have a smaller range.
211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly. I hope it will last longer than all the other non-Yamaha pedals that imploded through the year.
6708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for something to protect your guitar until you can afford a good hard case, this is it. For the price, it has better padding than I expected and is equipped with carrying handles and a shoulder strap with metal buckles and snaps. Good deal for the price!
2050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product! Used this when I was servicing my DJ mixer. Works great to not only clean, but lubricate moving parts while not collecting dust like other lube products.  Great piece of kit!

4291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great quality! Always purchase strings on Amazon!
While I cant say Ive tried every tuner on the market, Ive tried many. Most recently I auditioned the Guitar Research JC 200, Sabine MT 9000, Korg TM-40, Fishman FT-1, Korg MA-30, and the Korg GT-3. With the exception of the Sabine, all of them more or less display the problem I described above. (The Sabine MT 9000 has a different problem: it takes too long to give a reading after you play a string.) For my taste, the Boss TU-80 was superior to all the tuners listed here. It was quick to give a reading, and the reading didn't waver about.
4946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good metal distortion tone with bags of sustain but sucks a lot of tone (most metal pedals do) and is moderately noisy. If you are looking for classic rock sounds you won't find them here. Can get muddy at times but there are plenty of settings to tweak to get the sound you are looking for. I find it useful for high gain leads and palm mute rhythms but note definition is not so good with chords. For the price this pedal is a good deal though!
5134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have put these on all my guitars, and even have an extra for when I add a new guitar to my collection.  Easy to use and pretty stylish. I have some in black and silver.
3671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had been using Elixer strings on my Taylor 555 12-string since I bought the guitar two years ago. This time around, when I changed strings I tried a set of these Martins as I have the same brand on my 6-string Taylor GS-8. In a word, WOW! Love the sound these produce. They're a bit richer and warmer than the Elixers. I don't see these as lasting any longer than the Elixers and I play quite a bit. I will continue using these strings in the future.
111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These were bought for my two sons who are using these in school for music.  I had to use them in school and remember using used recorders, and did not want my kids going through the same embarrassment.  Very nice product and quickly delivered.
1432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
-Floor or wall stand, brand makes zero difference until you're playing on some $1K+ Gibson.

3890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Rally good easy to handle and they feel very comfortable. I ill order more.

I have not heard anything that sounds audibly better than these Alesis Monitor One's until you get to the Mackie HR 824's in the $1300 range - more than *seven times* the Amazon price of the Alesis Monitor One's!
223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ok
This K240s was a godsend . I bought them and 5 replacement cords. I'm down to the last one. I keep forgetting to pack them in my drawer after use.
7114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sell.
752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best cords ever, heavy duty quality...
5338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works awesomely on any mic. Very versatile and great quality. I used it for large and small mics, and it gets the work done.
7258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love this pedal as I do with most from BOSS.  Great sound - it is what I expected. Lots of options make it a great pedal to add to your box.  BOSS makes these things right - made to last.  All metal and built solid.  You will get what you expect with this...
1434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what i need
If I only had $250 to spend I'd probably get it again. I would have rated it only 3 stars on the so-so action, frets and the sound, but it's good looks and low price made me up it to 4. (My previous guitar which I no longer have was a $4000 Custom so I may be spoiled more than a little bit)


9574	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I think this patch looks cool on the bass . I don't really hear any difference in sound ,But does give your drum head a better life span
9769	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and works well
8851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This little due-dad is awesome. I had seen a guy playing at a church with one on his mic stand and thought "I need one" so I got one and it works perfect. I usually keep 5 picks on it and it saves me from always having to search for picks after they get lost in my pocket. Product has a great price and worth the buy
1236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful cable, exactly as advertised
5129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	High quality machined Capo. I think Kyser makes the best for the money.
I replaced my old AT92E because the stylus was starting to get skewed off to one side. It only took about 16 years. :-)
7875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	D'Addario Preludes. Great string. Good price. Could use a wound E, but these work with enough rosin on them. For me, a bit better projection than Old Fiddler, which tended to come unwound after hard use. Good character, very little string zing.
8327	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Great picks.  They have a rough grip that makes them easy to keep hold of with sweaty hands.  I have played with them for over 30 years, and have never broke one.  They don't wear out.  The only reason I bought these was to replace ones that I have lost or given away.
4720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This fit a Roland RD-300NX digital piano perfectly. When I upgraded my keyboard, I expected my old 88-key cover to fit, but it was too short, so I ordered this one and it fits perfectly.
6830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was already the best aby pedal out there. Now that Morley has added an external power jack and an easy open battery compartment lid, it's a no-brainer. By the way , it's also a real bargain!
Anyway all of this is personal and this is not the reason I took one star off. The expression pedal was a great disapointment... I had high expectations on this one and as always with multieffects it sounded very cheap and very annoying.
Will get them again when these need replacement.
Please do not waste your money and time.
4) some buttons are dual function but unlabeled, some buttons are toggle, some are momentary, some are single function; you just have to memorize which does what

1803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this to convert my sons I pad to his guitar amp and to the recording gear I got for him, It works well
9398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good action, body style and control.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
8426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	really easy to play
1561	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice
This thing is so easy to work with. I created a song within hours using the AABA method with no problem. The only reason I haven't gave this thing a 5 star rating is because I just bought it and I may be suffering from over-excitement, but for $80.00 I feel like a got a deal AND, this machine is Just What I Needed.
It does what it needs too.

4609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, its just like photo
2190	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I borrowed my friends guitar in order to get my nephew to play.  It is junk.  With new strings, it still sounds lousy.  The tuning machines are poor quality, one of the pegs keeps popping out, and the action is lousy (like any guitar comes out of the box unfortunately).  I have had several guitars.  While it is possible to buy a $130 guitar that is o-kaaay, you still need a luthier to set it up.  In my opinion you get what you pay for and there is a reason that Martins and Gibsons cost over $2000 for a decent instrument.  That aside, for kids starting out I would avoid this piece of junk and get something better, even an Epiphone maybe.
1809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to hook up some audio recording equipment, great build quality reliable and at a great price.  I highly recommend this product.
1461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worked as described
8243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong
3227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	a good plastic rack, can't hardly break them (I've had many over the years). and a generic sized latch if you happen to break them.
8571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop always makes high quality, accurately gauged picks.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
7068	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	sent it back because no back light on screen,
However, I have found that it is not good for overdriven sounds, like Led Zeppelin/ Sabbath, etc.  You can dial in a lot of different sounds with the EQ settings, but whatever you do you cannot get a warm crunch out of this thing.  If you are looking for a "classic rock" distortion then this is not an option.  If you play heavy metal, you'll love it.
Intonation:  20 cents off high on the 4-6 strings.  1-3 strings dead on.  (I had to turn the 4th string saddle around "backwards" to get it to intonate properly.
8300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.
I realize you are not supposed to mix entirely on headphones, but I'd like some that are flat and decent. Still looking.
9791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works as it should
The pickup pattern is Supercardioid which has a little more rear-pickup than you'd think; but sound quality alone trumps this small annoyance. The think that separates the 87A from the rest of the Shure handheld pack is that it is a condenser microphone - so don't use it on terribly loud sound sources. It works best for me on vocals that nice more hi-end definition.
Finally, they increased the output of the microphone. This is mostly needed when it's plugged into a poor input. But the sly devils could use this as a benefit of neo-d and why you should upgrade to the new Beta.
.
My recommendation to try several different types and sizes and see what you like.
2461	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone! Does it's job as a dynamic mic. It can be used for many different instrument applications for live or recording, It's a must have for producers, performers and sound engineers or just anyone who needs a reliable microphone.
now... this is my go to guitar when I want to take it easy on my fingers and my aching back during 3hour night gigs.
2071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
2301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
5444	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	very very slow delivery. not happy
9877	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use it all the time.  Excellent design.
This is one of those products that comes along every now and then where the designers just got tons of things right.  Also as noted elsewhere here, this MIC will do you NO good unless you have a device that has powered mic jack (plug-n-power). The GREAT thing about that, as long as you do have such a device and jack for this, is that you don't ever have to worry if your battery is about out on your mic and will drop out in the middle of recording something.
Overall, I don't think you can go wrong with this mic. I'd like to add a Beta 58 to the collection as well, but after a lot of research I think the 57A is the most versatile of the two so if you're on a limited budget as most musicians are, I'd go with this. You won't be disappointed, and I'd be surprised if I find a dynamic mic that replaces it in my every-day, go-to gear case anytime soon.
2300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Had some trouble with low volume for our PA system, but a additional pre-amp to bolster our 35 watt mixer helped (yes it is 35 watts). Somebody "professionally" installed it for 2 grands.
I was a little iffy about purchasing this pedal due to it's price range.
1503	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The Hosa cable I received broke after one use. I did not stress or abuse it. The electrical contact went open on the ground lug within the jack on one end of the cable. The wire broke just next to where it was soldered to the lug. I would not expect this to happen so early in use. The wire could possibly have been nicked there during fabrication and wire flexing then caused the open. After removal of the shrink-wrap, visual inspection of the solder joints, workmanship and materials showed them to be "budget" quality. You get for what you pay.
7262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very Good strings! will buy again. Take a long time to wear out too and make my guitar sound good.
165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and fast shipping. What else can you say, FC7's are the best bang for your buck.
-The capo is extremely easy to move from one fret to the next and to remove.
you should ALWAYS have extra cables (just like strings) with you, as
8022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this on a ukulele and it works perfectly. It holds nice and tight, firmly clasps the fret. It can be attached with one hand. The tie dye design looks good and the capo feels well-built to last a long time.
3208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	just what I wanted
5745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works for me.
2291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have another SHURE mic that I paid more for  ( the 48 model)...this one is much more sensitive and works great! Highly recommended!
4900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this and the LED strobes. But this is about this strobe light not the LED's. It worked good. Bought them for my Halloween display. I was using them outside, not made for out doors. They were placed so they didn't get wet. IL. is cold at times and Halloween is no exception. Cold weakens the strobe. It will slow it down even at the highest settings. Now... After it died was indoors a year latter. I changed things around for Halloween and had some things in my windows upstairs with the strobe lights in the rooms. Outside the windows lite up with the strobes. Indoors they work great. Mine died, but I still have the LED ones. LED strobes are not the same as the glass tubes.
8508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great light pick
3237	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had a silver pair of these without the leveling leg for a couple of years, and loved them. I really liked that I could raise my speakers up to 9-ft, so that the speakers weren't blasting directly in by-passer's ears, and so that the sound could more easily travel above the vehicles at the outdoor car shows that I frequently DJ. I was going to get another pair just like them, but then saw this new model with the leveling leg, and thought that was a *great* idea. Being able to adjust 1 leg makes it much easier, because otherwise you have to find a perfectly level spot for the stand, or prop up a leg with wooden blocks.
3621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just the quality you can always expect out of Martin. Nice playability and fantastic tone.
On the guitars that it worked with, and compared with my previous capos which require the user to screw the capo clamp tighter/looser for each fret, there are definite pros and cons..
2294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very happy with mic, catch,s my terrible voice, and makes me sound better than i am
1569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	What a bargain!
1162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
3153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	To me these are the best single guitar stands because they hang the guitar rather than just holding it. It is very stable and you can rely on your precious ax staying in one piece if it is jostled a little bit.
9251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks are fantastic. I had been using the Fender blue thin picks and they kept breaking, but these have not broke and sound great.
5522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Needed two of these for my eight string.  Love these.
8998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For years, I've stood by the Evans G2 heads!
Good quality
  I bought this b/c the price new was under $130. and I am still not sure I want to keep it.  Hopefully time , and experimentation will tell!  By the way I found it did not work well in the effects loop, though it seems few pedals do with my Tubeworks amp.  But I am not sure how to set the variable send/recieve pot's.
1184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size
Was very pleased with the sounds.
Did you know playing the harmonica is also healthy for your lungs? Recent studies show that harmonica therapy is helping patients in the recovery process pulmonary rehab. Harmonica is the only instrument that your breath in and out to produce sound. As a singer it helps me strengthen diaphragmatic breathing.

9669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality
1011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The cable sounds great. I haven't had any issues with it and I've been using it for months now.

9469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice flexible Dunlop picks.
5121	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great if your amp doesn't have a standby switch. Well constructed, I have two of these now...
The microphone records quite "hot" so their is recording "noise" or a "hiss" when listening to playback, but since it records at such a high volume, in the editing software I use, I just turn down the volume.
7801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2ZKMS3DTAF0QF" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1ELV3dZ3mS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81Xpl8tA4BS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I just reviewed the Protec Double Clarinet ProPac Case and this one is just as incredible. Some may think it is a little much considering it is only about $20 dollars cheaper than the Double Clarinet Case, but then again how much did you pay for your instrument and how much is it worth protecting? There are a few differences between the two and all of the reviewers explain the case very well. I will show you in a video review what the other reviewers are talking about. As with everything in music it is personal preference and if Amazon sold it you can send it back in 30 days, as long as you did not destroy it and get your money back and try something else. If you are purchasing from another seller read the fine print as they may not give refunds or even give you a credit. One other very nice thing is this case carries a five year warrenty which should tell you how well Protec backs their products. I hope the video review will help in your decision further and as always please let me know if I can do anything to make your shopping experience easier.
However, don't be fooled.  Not every MD player has the appropriate Mic Jack.  Double Check the technical documentation to make sure.  Units that definitely do not have it are:
278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far, this footswitch is working very reliably and is solidly built. It's probably helpful to place some velcro (hook side) to keep it in place on carpeting.
At the high impedances found on (especially cheaper and older) guitars, cables also act like electret microphones as the conductors rattle around inside the shield. The conductive vinyl cladding indeed does bleed off extra charge that accumulates inside the shield (tribocharging), and minimizes mechanical noise.
533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cables, I bought a couple for my band so we can perform and these cables are perfect fit. Great length for flexibility and they work great with my equipment.
6884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have a great, crisp feel, and vintage tones.
3977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Use these for my "drop C#" tuning on my Alembic.  My guitar luthier introduced these to me.  With good consistent cleaning, they seem to hold their tone well.
4159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent purchase!

9110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great acoustic guitar capo.  Kyser set the standard many years ago.

I also have the Planet Waves plastic capo.  I usually keep one of those in the case as a backup. They work pretty well, but the Quick Change is a lot faster to move from fret to fret as you change keys.
2829	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are some great sounding headphones for the price. The build quality isn't that great, but the sound quality is spot on and that's what I needed. Very balanced and clean. Style wise, they leave a bit to be desired and they're rather large. I still recommend these for mixing/mastering or just listening to music.



1560	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Awesome idea, broke within a week :(
I love the finish too. It's smooth, but not slippery on those hot gigs where you wind up sweating. And the tips on these do not seem to chip like other brands. I have tried a few other well known and respected brands and found that the tips rapidly chipped or wore away (and I am a light player.)
7268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	better than the old style
-(**___) overall: This is the one harmonica I own that I don't enjoy playing. The redeeming quality is the Blues Harp sounds very good, enough to compete with any harmonica in its price range. If I had never played other good harmonicas I would have liked it because of its sound and rated it highly. However the metal covers protrude and are sharp on the lips, making it simply too uncomfortable to be any good. There are just too many better alternatives.
918	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works better than 2 other ones I bought
106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good Product.
3971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great capo for the ukulele.  I bought one of these for each member of my band.
1349	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A studio necessity.
7093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	SR - 18  and  16  are all you need  in a drummer  machine ,  if  you  skeptic  about  brand  check  thier  release video on  item  from  1990s , the  guy  that made  it sounds  like he should  work  for  nasa , the  brilliance  of  both  items are way worth  the  price  ,  great  to have  item  that  exceeds  its  value ,  i  use  it  with  looper pedal  ......  thats  all  i have to  say ....... mic  drop
5229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A good harmonica
4122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The pop filter screen is OK, but I still had incredible amounts of background noise on my recordings. I'm not sure if it was the screen or the microphone. That is why I gave it four stars instead of five.
No big surprises. Minor clean up in post.
6916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A good case.
Anyway, if you practice / record rock, hard rock. blues, jazz, country, or latin guitar alone (by yourself), do yourself a favor and buy this drum machine.
668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cables.
6076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks great and does the job!
1715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the price, it works well.  If you need something more quality, it will cost a lot more.  I have had no problems with mine.  I would buy it again.

3734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	From the factory. These leave a lot to desire. For a few bucks, you can add true bypass and mode the board for way less than the cost of a higher model. Plus it makes it that much cooler knowing you modified it yourself.

5758	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the color and the company. I didn't need a capo, but wanted to add this to my collection. Wish the Kyser logo was a bit more subtle but I love the fact they are Christian based. It has a strong "grip" compared to my other Kysers and I hope some regular use will break it in a little.
Jim Dunlop makes ULTEX picks which are immensely better than these. I go through one of these per sitting, at times two.
1728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had and used these mics for over 10 years and wouldn't change a thing. Best sound I've ever gotten from a Mic.

Sorry, Amazon, but that is just to good a deal to pass on...
Back to pyle's product here, I basically took away 1 star for not using the easy to open and re-wire XLRs but gave them a star for value in the product since it's 15 feet long and will reach between my mixer and most anything else inside the booth for under a buck a foot.  It's also great when someone yells "it's too short I need a cable stretcher at the podium!" and quickly adds 15 feet of noise free movement to a stage snake that either wasn't planned for or got moved/quit working.  For the price they have saved many installations from being torn up or rewired which means no surprises opening the next showing.
The DVD was a nice addition, and did teach me a little.  But most of the material can be absorbed in a single viewing, and probably figured out completely in three or four.  It's also quite short.  Also a nice addition (and includes electric and acoustic guitar sections) but you will want more books, DVDs, a teacher, or all of the above to really get onto learning the bass.
4647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings with good sound.
5272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Hohner harmonicas for 25 years professionally and would not buy any other brand. They are the gold standard and Mercedes Benz of harps. The sound is Mellifluous and the harmonicas are durable and resilient if taken care of properly.
There was an empire brand cartridge in the unit but it is no longer manufactured.
Now a couple of things, l have played guitar professionally for years and I was able to show her some shortcuts and "tricks". She has learned to move between most chords quickly and without difficulty. I have her using a capo for songs in the key of C as she has some trouble holding F chord but she will master that.
7792	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The handle to this case broke off in a very minor situation.  There is no replacement available for this case either. So for $149 it does protect the instrument however, if the handle breaks, it's a pain to carry around.  So, you might thinks about buying something else.
4460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great inexpensive capo, works well every time

5873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice case for the price.  Solid construction and perfect fit and protection for my Epiphone LP.  Would definately recommend.
5955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally, a case just big enough to carry my trumpet stand, JoRal copper bubble mute, my plunger "mute," bell mic and mic cable.  Also room for valve oil and extra small items, e.g., mouthpieces, Ibuprofen, bottle of water, etc.  Yeah, it's kind of heavy, but it comes with a wide, comfortable shoulder strap, and a handle if you want to pick it up and carry it by hand.  I love Protec cases.  Also have their combination case for my flugel and trumpet.  Best cases on the market, IMHO....
996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When the cord arrived I realized that I bought the wrong style. The quality seams good. I will get some use out of with my ovation.
But Epiphone has done a great job of reproducing the cosmetic and tonal features I liked.
1509	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These do a single job, and they do it well.  They just work.  My reason for dinging them a star, is that I've Seen the Planet Waves adapters, and Hosa's stuff is just not really as polished and nice.  These stick in some XLR males (in direct boxes, for example), and really have to be pulled/wiggled out with effort.  Normally that wouldn't be a problem, but the release buttons are really tiny and pointy, and you have to press them crazy hard to pull them out of any panel mount connector.  Plus the finish leaves a bit to be desired, although over all that doesn't matter much.  In short: if you need them, their fine.  They could just be more classy in their physical design.
6545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It took some effort and Youtube but it sounds beautiful.
Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MOEN-MO-FM-Fuzz-Moo/dp/B007L5PVI8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moo</a>&nbsp;which honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).
6182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've owned the same one for 10 years and it's still going strong after many gigs. The spring tension is just right.
961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Hosa in the past and it's been reliable. It looks like they're using Switchcraft connectors on this cable. So far, so good. If it fails, I'll be back to let you know.
1763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good quality
9672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a the strumming type with a bit of flat picking. I have been using these Dunlop Nylon 60mm for over 15 years ... I think they're the best. And they are nylon not plastic which is what makes them so useful and long lasting, but I always have dozens on hand (I play a lot).
1295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Was great for what i was running
2165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This stylus is a mystical battle legend. For anyone that lives that peak high sound to the speaker from the needle on wax please buy these. For years this has been the standard for all real DJ's. With a Technics Headshell attached and a M44-7 these needles will break it down for any event. I personally used these in my Technics 1200 Mk5's before they got jacked and they outlasted both pairs of my Ortofon Serato Stylus's and they still work 5 years later from the day I got them.  I would recommend these for any DJ that is seasoned or not. "SHURE IT'S YOUR SOUND".
6531	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This pickup didn't work out too well. Even though I adjusted it to almost touch the strings it still fail to pick up the vibration of the G, B and small E strings. It has a curve to it that puts the ends farther away from the strings than the middle section and there's no way to adjust it enough to get it close to those smaller stings. I've never played a guitar with a curve to the strings that would fit this pickup. It's a very odd and unworkable design. In addition, I couldn't deal with the slight delay that a guitar synthesizer causes when processing the signal. Having the sound come out a split second after I pick the string messes up my timing terribly. Some musicians can deal with it just fine, but I'm not one of those guys.
6273	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This really works well for the acoustic guitar. It's reliable and looks great. Even doubles as a partial capo if you flip it over. However, the spring mechanism seems a bit tight so that every time I put it on and take it off, my strings have gone a little flat and I have to retune. So you get what you pay for.

8590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried other capos...and they may seem appealing for some little pick holder or new kind of spring, but none of them are as easy to use, look better, LAST LONGER, and hold tune like Kyser. I've still got 2 solid black ones and a "drop d" capo from kyser. I bought one as a backup, which I will never probably need...these capos just last...the spring, the rubber...it's all still holding up 12 years after i bought them. Now...why did I buy this one? BECAUSE IT'S BEAUTIFUL.....Same great  quality, but this rosewood version is just great, pops on stage and matches on of my guitar's finish perfectly. So, if you are in the market for a capo, grab a quality one from Kyser...if you want one that also makes your fellow musician friends jealous, grab the rosewood finish. Thanks to Kyser for the "if it ain't broke" approach to the function, but continuing to create new products we desire!!
3097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Mic
7678	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these reeds because I love the brand. These are the ones I use for clarinet, so now that my son just started to play alto sax I chose them for him. I think they are great value for the price.
7442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely the most fun you can have for the money if you are either a bass player or a guitar player looking for a lot of bang for the buck. The action was most acceptable right out of the box (Large Box). The pick-up is somewhat weak, so plan on boosting the volume on your bass amp.
3884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these strings. They are perfect.
3611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Strings Good price
6586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I just purchased and received this capo, and have also ordered the G7 capo. Why? When perusing the internet acoustic guitar forums, including Martin guitars, there were several posts by very experienced members reporting damage to the neck of their instruments due to the tight squeeze of the Kyser capo. Some of the posters recommended 'breaking in' the Kyser by using your hand grip to attenuate the spring tension. I am leery of doing anything that may indent or scratch my beautiful Martin D28, so I ordered the G7 that had received accolades from the various forums' members. Do your own research in addition to the Ama*on's reviews.
- The Les Paul size is very manageable.  It just feels good to play.
4989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work as a charm. 3 years - 0 problems
Down to the wires, just a matter of time before I step on the cable in the dark and they are gone.  Time to update.  Decided on these cuz I Love AKG, best studio heads I know.
7459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pickup has never let me down. If you want thick muddy loose crunch for doom metal or dark fuzzy buzz saw for blues and classic rock. These are the pickups in my opinion. They are surprisingly clean on clean (Solid state) amp channels. They have enough treble to just jump out enough during solos without sounding thin and shrill like 80's metal guitarists.
5606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely the best that money can buy, as attested to by every pro who swears by them.
8351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been through many picks and now these are the ones that suit me best. The thickness is perfect for rock country or jazz, and lead playing, chord strumming or chord picking. The surface is roughened perfectly for gripping (There is another Dunlop that I tried in the past that was too rough.) I buy these by the bagful now.
7095	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings. The quality you expect, but a nice warm sound that really adds to the sound of lower-quality guitars.
I still like the Jazz III better, but the Ultex is good.
It's big, it's hard and it's heavy but when you turn it on you understand why this is the original. It sounds exactly like how i always imagined, like in all those records...
IN ANY CASE, it no longer works now. There wasn't a moment when i felt like i broke it, i just tried to use it one day and it failed. The lock on the legs has failed and it will no longer do it's job to hold my guitar up. Therefore, I still will be buying a stand that can stand the test of time (and my ownership). I've owned some Hercules gear for a couple years now. It's more expensive for sure, but they're products haven't broke on me yet.
So which is the better guitar?

8500	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pics. These pics will not break, and are thin enough to coax subtle sounds out of your guitar. Other picks this thin will break, these only wear out after a few years of happily strumming your guitar.
3252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The wheels make moving my recording gear a lot easier.  Everything mounted easily, and I've had no issues with the handle or moving the thing around.  I'm deducting one star because of the inconvenience of removing and replacing the front and back covers.  They don't just come straight off like similar SKB racks.  To install a cover you have to lift the rack off the floor or table, connect the bottom edge of the cover by placing it 1/2 inch below it's final position and pulling it up into place.  Then you can fasten the latches at the sides and optionally set the key lock at the top.  To open it up you undo the lock and latches and then lift the entire rack off the floor or table so that you can drop the cover down 1/2 inch to disengage it from the rack.  In my case (pun intended) the front of the rack is 100% full of equipment, none of which have handles or anything to grab that would make it easier to lift the front of the rack up in order to engage the front cover.  The back is not full, so I'm able to reach in and lift the rack without too much trouble to engage the back cover.  Getting the front cover off is a pain as the whole rack is about 40 lbs and I've got vacuum tube equipment that I don't want to bump around.  Since I don't typically use the locks, I'm considering removing the mechanism at the bottom of the covers that acts somewhat like a hinge to make the locks effective.  I'm happy with just the side latches holding the covers in place.
Third, if you are looking for performance microphones at a low-cost, there are a couple I could easily recommend that, while they aren't Shure, will more than get the job done. As I mentioned previously technology is quickly closing the gap between brands like Shure to brands like Behringer. Since this is a review about the Shure PG48 XLR though, just ask me for my recommendations in the comment section.
2713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my teen son for Christmas. He loves to play his bass and sing along. He had a different Shure mic and it was totally flat compared to this particular model. Nice and clean sounds, plus it seems pretty sturdy. We did get him a mic stand and it fits on it perfectly and stays put. Shure knocked this one out of the park.
Seriously though, no follow up for over a year, and no resolution is simply unacceptable.
I awarded it five stars because it is identical to the original power supply that was bundled with my PX-320. I tested it for overheating and other potential problems before storing it in my spares bag.
[Suggestion: A Fender Mustang 1 or 2 amp makes this guitar sound even better...]

8553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used hundred kind of picks on any size, this are the better that I've used, I feel more control over my picking, of course is not for all type of guitar and playing, I mean for acoustic guitars doesn't work, but for electric and most of the styles of music and picking techniques works, it's sort of personal preferences.
7457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good reeds.  Brand was recommended to us and it did not disappoint.
2570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Unless you're going to use this in a place where there's non-trivial risk of it getting knocked over, then this is totally adequate.  I put it on top a cabinet next to the piano at home (Before the kids came, anyway.)
4930	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits just fine with my keyboard. I get the protection I wanted from dust and humidity
Coincidentally, I also used the BOSS OS2 Overdrive/Distortion for many years, which is supposedly merges/blends a DS-1 with an OD-1.  That pedal isn't ideal either, but if I turn the knob all the way to "distortion", it's a much better tone than I ever got out of a DS-1.
I love these pics and have ordered and gone through multiple sets. They are my newest fav for sure. Great tone, easy to hold, precise picking.
5328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	30 feet of cable for what I paid for a 10 footer from my local guitar shop.
8013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
3894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been a fan of GHS Boomers for a long time, and Amazon's prices are most excellent.
7232	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is good and vandoren reeds are better than rico reeds
8979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I drop my pics on purpose now just so I can use it more often! It does what it's supposed to do, what else can I say.
1683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems. Thanks.
3404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Put on my bass guitar gaves the right sound I like will made .Yes  I recommand this product to you.

7917	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Please note that if you buy this foam hoping it will make your stereo quieter for your neighbors or reduce the noise transferred from one room to another, you're asking the foam to do something it doesn't do. It can reduce the reflections in your listening or recording environment, but won't reduce the energy of the sound being transferred from inside a room to outside or vice-versa.
Amazon is using USPS to deliver a lot of items like this. I stopped paying for Prime as I can afford it. $35 or more and you get free shipping. This item was part of a $35 plus purchase.
They're awesome headphones, about 4 years down the road the rubber starts peeling off, revealing the fabric to cover the ears.
3724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal is essential.
(2) Not a bad price (factor in a power cable)
7924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am a new violin player.  This is a good set of strings for a student violin.  They have a nice sound.  I would buy again.
3982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You don't really need this, but why not for the price. It does help.
What more could I ask for?  Hmmmm...
3247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great for mid level listener like myself. Does exactly what it says it will. Have it hooked up to my Techics to feed sound to my Onkyo and no noticeable hum. I've played everything from 180gram to old 60s worn out records and all sound great.
2262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long.  I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price.  We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also.  I would have given it 5 stars if the cord connection to the mic was not a little loose.
5563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a gig bag for my mic and music stand, not as a keyboard case.  I would have liked to purchase the GK-49, but feared that it would not be deep enough for all the stuff.  I like the internal straps so that stuff doesn't just drop to the bottom when it is tipped upright.  Because it is rigid, I can flop it over my bumper into the back of my station wagon and don't have to lift it very much.  It appears to be sturdily built and only time will tell if it is or not.  Really, it's basically just what I wanted, if just a bit long.
6714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	DNA; When I was 15 learning to play Tom Sawyer in my bdrm @ my moms house, NEVER INA MILLION YRS(!!) wood I believe I wood b listening to this stuff w/ my 11yro daughter going "Daddy this is AWESOME"!!!! Ive loaded her mp3 plyr w/ Katy Perry One Direction Taylor Swift and whoevr else is pop rite now, even Beatles Zeppelin Cheap Trick, but the last few months its ALL RUSH!!!! All the early stuff, tshrts, posters, dvds, even a pear of Neil Peart signature drmstix!!!! Daddys Girl!!!

5437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ordered these for my P38 equipped Epi Les Paul. Love the sound.
1268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Did the job
348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this for live audio. I run it from my microphone to a vocal effects pedal so I needed a shorter length. I prefer the old-style silver switchcraft/Cannon style ends for their vintage look with my Shure 55H microphone. For recording, I'd go with a higher quality cable but this has been great in a live setting.
.55 at the most. Very thin.. but easy to hold and is firmer than expected. I like em
So...I bought this one and am very happy to have a Yamaha Classical Guitar back in my possession. The only differences I can see between my old one and this one are the colors and design around the sound hole and the absence of Yamaha on the headstock. To be sure this was the brand of classical guitar I wanted, I tried several different brands and models available on Amazon.com at local guitar stores.
I like this  harp - it has its place for blues (as opposed to the Golden Melody which plays folk music better). It now bends very nicely when properly gapped (I tightened up the gap on day 1, and widened it today (day 2) until I could get a good balance between bending and playability).

5231	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have them on four guitars. Never a malfunction. Easy installation and use. Watch out for bridge interference when screwing in the back lok. Might require a slightly shorter screw on some basses.
when the vocalist see's one of these puppies, they know this is serious stuff, and ramp up their performance.
489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	does it's job
3754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a lot smaller than the picture makes it look, but that's a good thing. It serves it purpose and fits snugly between the strings on the headstock.
3812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings. At the time was a very good price
Do I now wish I still bought the Blues Harp - I'm not sure. I will keep it just because it is beautiful plus it is too late to return it. Perhaps if I really preferred the MS series of harps with their exchangeable components, I should have tried one with a plastic comb instead. I bought it on a whim thinking it would be cool, and it was purchased from a local retailer that was not a national chain nor had a wide selection. I'm glad I supported the retailer, but I will think twice before I purchase another harmonica with a wood comb (besides the Chromonica which had a nice metal mouth piece over a wood comb - not an issue there). And - who knows - perhaps the more I play with the Blues Harp, the better my technique will improve. I think my skills are still in the beginner/intermediate range.
A couple of years ago, a guy had recommended the smaller, original Jazz IIIs, but I tried them and did not like them.  Around three months ago, I picked one up from the original package that had been sitting around, and I soon found my speed increasing.  This was especially true during string-skipping maneuvers.  I believe the wideness of the Jazz III XLs made them a little ungainly for me at higher speeds when maneuvering between strings and having to take awkward picking angles.  The smaller size of the Jazz IIIs helped minimize these impediments.  I use both the original nylon AND the Stiffo versions, although I favor the Stiffo because I don't want my picks deforming too much at speed.  The Jazz III XLs do have the advantage when strumming rhythm passages.  The wider base gives you more to hold on to and more leverage with the up and down strokes.  But, as my fingers adjust and grow stronger, I am finding I can strum almost as well with the smaller Jazz IIIs.
4431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Straplocks are a must have if you play standing up a lot.  I bought these for my gibson and fender they work great.  I wish they had a version that works for acoustics that have the 1/4 input where the straplock goes, because you can't use these in that situation.  But they are great on my electrics.  Love em.
1006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!!! Timely and I got exactly what I wanted.
Notice the deceptive "Recorder" moniker in the product name.  Don't be fooled!  Very few MD "recorders" actually record with a microphone!
-------------------------------
501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality for the money.
6605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good utillity bag, quality at a doable price, what more can ya ask for.
6070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of my girlfriend's cousins and I purchased this bass for my girlfriend who wants to start learning how to play. She's a huge music fan, her favorite guitar style is the SG shape, and her favorite colors are black and red, so she broke down crying out of joy for a good 10 minutes when we gave it to her on Christmas morning. One of her other cousins plays both bass and regular guitar, and both him and his guitar teacher tried out the bass and said it feels and sounds extremely good, especially given the price. During the relatively short time I've spent with it I would have to agree, and there have been absolutely zero problems with it since we received it.
1028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the quality of this cable.
374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine with Yamaha keyboard and digital drums
726	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo XLR is.  Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires.  This cable is configured to be a stereo unbalanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced TRS cable.  This item is not a mono balanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced mic cable.

5535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When you have a DL4, the idea of having a delay pedal that does one kind of effect seems just silly.  If you want to use delay, you want this pedal.  It has the standard digital and (modeled) analog delays, but also has unique delays like reverse, ping-pong, delayed swell, rotary horn, etc, plus the loop sampler, which is its most famous feature.  Now let me say this . . . if you are after a loop station first and foremost, don't get this--look into one of Boss's stations; but the fact that a loop sampler is included among a long list of other great functions is a great selling point.  I play through an multi-effects unit that includes most of the delay options in this pedal, but I use this primarily since its usability is so great.
The pick has a slightly rubbery feel to it, and feels more natural than a Tortex.
1526	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My dad is loving this adapter. He began learning how to play the electric keyboard and I've been buying many cables and accessories for him. This is one of his favorite.
42	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok for learning,
1003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Havent had any issues and I have abused the guitar cable quite a bit. Ill buy it again
3285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for a singing drummer, whether lead vocals or backup.

870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey guys and gals,
6166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For 100 bucks this thing is great. It has 3 distortion channels and 3 clean channels and mic channel which i never use because im not sure what its for. It also has 6 effects. I like using the cube mostly for clean as the distortions are kind of harsh to my ears. When i first heard this amp 2 years ago i was blown away with the delay and distortion effects...Today i don't prefer them as much..I mostly like the cleans..Sometimes with a little reverb. The effects are decent but aren't the best. But i still rate it a 5 for the overall score because you don't get this many effects and sounds for 100 bucks. its a bargain and blows away any standard solid state amp
It also came scratched, so it doesn't look so good when you look closely.
3286	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
There's something neat about micing people with a lavaliere unit. I find that they enjoy the attention of attaching the mic and the professional touch that it brings to the taping.
8874	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Unless your microphones are incredibly short, this will not work. The top couldn't begin to close with 4 (wired) Monoprice dynamic vocal mics in it, and they are only 7.5 inches tall.
8329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using Dunlop nylon picks since about 1982.  On acoustic I use medium gauge strings, so I use the 0.88mm pick.  On electric I use light gauge strings and the 0.73mm pick.
- If you order a guitar online, you really should expect to take it to a local shop where a licensed guitar tech can make sure it is set up correctly.  Be prepared for that awkward moment when he asks why you didn't buy one from him.
6657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Excellent, Especially I like the straps that you can use as a back pack
I'm still not exactly sure why there's a difference between a 12-string capo and a six-string capo.  I've used six-string capos on a 12-string guitar many times.  But since I just got a new 12-string, and needed a capo for the case, I bought this to try it out.  It works perfectly, and like all Kyser capos, you can count on it.  You'll lose it or sell it with the guitar before you wear it out. And of course, if you do wear it out, send it in. You'll get it back fixed, or you'll get a new one.
4035	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice guitar. I have been playing since 1967. Had to adjust the neck a bit but this thing is fine. The sound is very nice. Good one to learn on. It is more than worth the money. I am having fun playing on it.
9834	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My go to capo. It have it in various colors for each guitar. The tension is perfect and it remains consistent despite the abuse I put my capos through. I've never broken one and they are used constantly.
2091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.

Bongos (very good)
1808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As mentioned in another review this cable fits very tightly. VERY tightly. Too tight and if your not careful you can rip the sleeve out of the unit your plugging into, or break the units connector.
My only complaint, is that pinch harmonics are kind of hard to do (becuase of the grip) but i got used to it rather quickly.
2130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	On point. I don't buy anything other than Shure. The M44-7 is a great for the DJ. I scratch. I can say these hold up excellent.
6976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Basically capos all the same, but this design doesn't have finicky knobs and screws to deal with. It clips on fast and can hang on your headstock quickly when not in use.

5851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It does what it's supposed to do. It's as well made as most, I think. They all look cheap to me, unless you get a studio professional grade. The screen pops out easily, but it will pop back in. It works well for my home recording.
2096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is bigger than I though, but not too big you can't hold it in one hand. The sound is marvelous and it does resonate and last allowing you time to think about the sound. It is really great. I am very impressed. I may have to get another one of another tone perhaps sometime in the future to complement this one.
8081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing the harmonica for over 43 years and this harmonica, made in Germany, exceeds my expectations.  I can bend single notes for melodic playing and with the usual vibrato over a wide variety of musical genres. Many music stores sell this same harmonica for $20 more than what I paid for it on Amazon. It pays to comparative shop.
8583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I am primarily a metal guy so I bought these to help me have a softer touch when I'm playing acoustic. Success.

 Interior Dimensions
Basically, I collect pedals, and thought this one would be a fun addition to my collection. It's very nostalgic  (as stated in my DS-1 review on here). Definitely a fine distortion for a good price. It won't knock my BE-OD off of my board, but it's still a fun pedal to have around. In all seriousness though, if you're just looking for a DS-1 pedal for it's sound, I'd consider the standard orange DS-1; also a great pedal for a little less money.
50s, experimented with different metals but pure nickel was found to be the most pleasing,
4227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!! It's recommended!!!!
3761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	WOW! great piece, very surprised, incredible sound for a very good price, if you compare with the custom versions this is pretty cool for the price you are paying!
4381	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This capo is not acceptable for acoustic guitars with low tension, as the clamping force is so tight that it bends the strings up. I would recommend getting an easily adjustable capo instead for much more versatility for the same price. I have seen the videos about adjusting this capo, and I am a 200 pound male who lifts weights daily and it hurt my hand and took a very long time to pull the capo looser. Even then, the tension was not equal across all strings. I would much rather turn a knob than gorilla force this into a suitable position.
2117	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised. If you don't know what this already is, I can't help you.
4623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing. Lost my old one, had to replace it.
2919	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A good upgrade for much cheaper mics. Nothing fancy, but works well so far for the puppet ministry at my church
These are a great product.  They're very durable, and they produce a warmer tone, with a bit more attack than clear heads.  With the proper tuning, they sound great on just about any kit, for any type of music.  I wouldn't put any other head on my kit!
If you're looking to shoulder these on cymbals rly hard, you're going to make their life short.. but with the way I play, they stay in good shape. I can go fast around the drum set at church without being too loud.

And note i said BIG STUBBY, the standard stubby is kind of small for my fat fingers so i end up hitting pinch harmonics on accident with those. go with the BIG STUBBY.
5853	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Some reviews I read on this product said it didn't fit their Les Paul as advertised.  This one fits mine PERFECTLY.  My guitar fits nice and snug inside and the fur lining is super soft so I don't have to worry about my guitar getting scratched.  4 latches keep the lid secure.  I absolutely love this case.
2214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A little disappointed, because the High, Low output switch was broken and rattling around inside. I know a little about electronics and decided to void my warranty and take it apart. I was able to snap the switch back together, but is still missing the Hi-Lo detent. The switch is stuck on High output which is what I would have used anyway. The other thing is that the 6 line in's are unbalanced, which I had to come up with something else for a feed, (not to effect the balanced line feeds). Other wise I liked the fit with my other equipment in the rack, and sounds just fine.
8213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these pick holders.  They're easy to get on and off.  They hold a nice amount of picks.  And you get that rock-star feel (throw picks at the audience).  A must for any gigging guitarist.
I wasn't sure what color finish to get at first and then decided on the sunburst as it matches my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-EJ-200CE-Acoustic-Electric-Guitar-Shadow-Preamp-Vintage-Sunburst/dp/B0002F6PKW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone EJ-200CE Acoustic-Electric Guitar, Shadow Preamp, Vintage Sunburst</a>, great acoustic BTW. The finish is beautiful on both guitars.
Th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. Usually Amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.
3186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a couple of the Hercules guitar stands that have the automatic closing mechanism and love 'em for my acoustic guitars and my electrics with tuners on both sides of the guitar head, but for a skinny headed Telecaster they are just too wide. The head slips down and the guitar rests on the bottom "E" tuner - it won't fall out, but it will invariable knock it out of tune. The way the Ultimate stand works makes it great for guitars with narrow heads. It also folds up to a very handy compact size that is easy to transport to gigs. NEVER buy the cheap stands (unless, of course, you play cheap guitars!).
5901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice capo. Design is great and no issues with strings vibrating.
They work especially well in the studio for snare drum and guitar cabinets, but they can be "heros" on all percussion instruments, brass and woodwind instruments.  I'd guess that in 75% of all contemporary recordings there's a 57 pointed at the snare drum head, because they handle peak transients so well.
5784	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo works well. I must be pretty weak though because it's hard for me to put it on my guitar.
1475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly. Will by again
I see that these have dropped quite a bit in price since I bought them. At this price I might just have to get a second pair.
2259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	INEXPENSIVE WITH A ;ROFESSIONAL LOOK GREAT SOUND AND APPEARENCE JUST PUT A MIC SPOONGE ON AND THATS IT. NEXT I'LL SHOOT A PHOTO FOR A BETTER IDEA FOR YOU.
2693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Classic for a reason.
Down the road I MAY add some of the gazillions of electronic mods available now to personalize the sound, but for the time being I'm gonna enjoy this pedal "As-Shipped".

1.0mm is the thinnest gauge that these come in and it's more flexible than other 1.0mm picks I've tried. For me it's the perfect balance of stiffness (control) vs. flexibility for all-round useage (both strumming and single-note picking). But if you do mostly single-note picking, you can get Big Stubbys in much thicker gauges with no flex whatsoever if that's what you prefer.
487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed. Plug and play. No need for any setup. Just remember MIDI OUT goes to MIDI IN. And MIDI IN goes to MIDI IN and every thing just works!
8647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can't beat nylon.  I bought several of these picks, but am still using the original pick for about three years.  That has never happened with other brand name picks made of material other than nylon.  Choose your thickness, but go nylon.  Other plastic picks I have used worked ok for a while, but started cracking eventually--not nylon.



I liked a lot .
8665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice strings sounds good and easy on the fingers
The action is very smooth; looking inside (when the pedal is up), it appears to be simply and well constructed.
3381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The subject line says it all! I recommend them without any hesitation.  Stick Rapp is a must-have for all drummers!
The strings hold up well and are not likely to rust or break and can stay in tune, even after several years of storage.
1685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect length and reliably built!
3961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I rock the pedal back and forth it goes WAH WAH; every time.  How it makes the WAH WAH sound is up to me.
664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very Nifty cable and works weel with the Azden SGM-2x Cardoid Shotgun Mic
5077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cover is a little snug on my 76 note Casio and it works just fine at keeping the dust out. Good price,
6011	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  It works well on my guitar and it has a good look
6231	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The look of this capo is really sharp and it works exactly as is should.  Would recommend this to anyone looking for a capo that has a unique color that looks professional.

581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cables at a good price.


The price was right for a begining student to learn on. And the extra strings are kept in the case for future string breaks.
Vocoder
--(****_ Overall) Hohner Special 20: This and the Lee Oskar are the best in terms of comfort and ease of play. The plastic comb protrudes, making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use. The sound is great. Durability is terrible. The case is more durable than the Lee Oskar one.

3086	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a horn player and recording engineer it is really hard to find mics that will give you enough gain without feedback to mic a horn soloist or section.  The Shure Beta 57a gives you a great marriage of high quality and good price.  I use this mic a lot in the studio to record horns since it gives you an excellent punch with a lot of bright nice colors.  I have used other mics like the SM 57 or the Sennheiser MD421Mk2, but the Beta 57a blows them out of the water.  It works great for saxes and clarinets since they both need a more broad pick up of sound.  I would highly recommend this mic to anyone who likes the SM57 sound, but is tired of the low sensitivity.  The extra $60 bucks you pay over the SM57 is well worth it.
5800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great case!
They feel solid, and can be wrenched around pretty good and retain their shape. I like the fact that the cord is detachable, and can be replaced if damaged. I also like the screw-on 1/4" adapter, which is nice and secure.
2662	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Shure SM58 is perenially a great singing mike.

4894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 sets of these straplocks across my basses and guitars and their straps and they all work excellently. I think my oldest set is about 5 years old now and they get frequent use and abuse and haven't had anything go wrong. Extremely easy install (though on an SG the included screw is too long for the neck so a trip to the hardware store is in order)
6146	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This tuner is alright. It works best in quiet environment. I used this tuner to help when tuning my acoustic guitar. I exchanged it for another tuner. Now I regret it. Sometimes I have to pluck the strings especially the high e several times to get it to register. I was confused with how to use the metronome. It had things like 0/4 1/4 etc. I didn't get that. The metronome was strange because it did not display time signatures . Also the beep sound was unusual for a metronome.
I had tried the 1.0mm Stubby previously, but the 3.0mm pick is much thicker, and heavier, and has absolutely no "give" at all.  I'm still getting used to playing with something this stiff and hard.  Although the pick has rounded depressions on each side for the fingers, when picking rapidly, I find that maintaining grip can still be a little tricky.  Keeping the pick clean and dry, does help.
8835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good pics
9594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My entire kit is Ludwig. Great sound good quality
9228	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	They're not bad picks, just not for me.  Too soft and "round" sounding and feeling.  I like a much stiffer pick with a sharp tip, and a much brighter sound.  I play mostly hard rock and metal, your mileage may vary.
2928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and service!!!
- Solid construction.  Built like a more expensive mic.  Takes a beating and still sounds great.
Put the screw into an electric drill (pointy end in) so the screw head is rotating smoothly when you operate the drill. Run the drill while using a file or a belt sander to take a fraction of the diameter off the screw head. It doesn't need much. I used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each. While you are at it, file down a cheap #2 screwdriver so it will fit into the strap button.
9506	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This head does exactly what I expected, it controls the sound and avoid any annoying ring. However, if it is not tuned properly, the sound may be dull, like old concert tom toms. This is something that, as many other points, nobody in the audience will notice when playing live, but I tightened them a bit, and have now a nice sound. I have them on a current set of 10, 12 and 14, with also my 13" snare Pearl JJ, and I am very satisfied with it, keep in kind I don't play jazz.
9134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I came from the school of thought where little emphasis was placed on subtle devices such as picks etc.

5262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality product that does what it's supposed to do at a great price.

5585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case is a perfect fit for my Epiphone SG.

9425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most interesting, different heads I've used.  It appears to be clear at first glance, but actually it has several "bubbles" all over the surface.  I must clarify, they are not actual bubbles that are raised at all; the surface is smooth as any drumhead.  There are just some air pockets in the oil layer between the plies, which is intentional and is not a defect.  Weird, but not a bad thing.  The sound?  Warm, with short sustain.  Remo Diplomats these are most definitely not.  Almost a "thick" sound, IMO.  Very 70's arena rock.  Though I like the sound, I found it was a bit hard to get a definite tuning pitch.  On the upside, however, I found that I didn't need to use Moongels, O-Rings, or any other dampener on my toms.  Another plus: they are tough as nails.  I've beat the crap out of these heads and they still sound the same as day one.  Jazzers should stay away, but for rock, blues, and bar band drummers, this head is great.

1659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as designed fits snugly into the jacks I use it with.
2158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these things are great never fail and are the best, received them almost overnight. thanks for a quick easy sale. highly recomnend
1895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	All of mine have worked perfectly. They are nice and compact and can bend quite well. I have no problems with the sound quality either. I don't move them much since they are on my pedalboard all of the time, so I don't see them getting much wear in my situation. You certainly can't beat the price on these. I can't tell the different between these and the George L's that I have on my pedalboard.

3361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought them on a whim a couple years ago when my local GC stopped carrying the Zildjian Dennis Chamber model. This a fantastically balanced stick great for rock and beyond. What's more, they last sooooo much longer then some other major brands (one in particular rhymes with trick worth and never lasted me more than a week). I bought a 4 pack last May and the necks finally wore out last month after playing an average of 10 hours a week. I have the utmost respect for this company and refuse to buy any other brands now. Vater is the best.
6686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well, very rugged. I also own the bad horsie. Great pedals.
5159	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Better than any other harmonica I've bought.
2285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Mic, very solid. Really helps my vocals sound fuller and richer. Easy recommend.
2562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am in love. This thing is a beast, it gives and gives and gives, and only asks for you to touch it's keys in return. Don't hesitate, this is a tried and true synth from a reputable company that makes awesome gear. You will find yourself learning tons if you are an amateur like myself, this is my first hardware synth and the experience has been invaluable!
These strings are barely able to stay strung and keep coming loose.
By putting them on all the guitars, I can move a few high quality straps between axes without trouble too.
1. If the Auralex Studiofoam has a NOISE REDUCTION COEFFICIENT (NRC) rating of .80, meaning it absorbs about 80% upper-mid to high frequencies...does it mean that it does NOT reduce the sound transmission to other materials behind the foam?
4175	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have an open back Plectrum Banjo and wanted a gig bag, I've got a hard case for it... A great fit... Nice padding... A well made bag... Happy with purchase.
1801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a basic adaptor cable; 1/4 " stereo male to 1/8" stereo male. It is soft, supple, and not noisey; excellent for an inexpensive cable of this length. I use it with a guitar and iPhone, using a Griffen adaptor and the modded output as an effects box going into an old Rickenbacker guitar amp. So far no problems.
They're also a nice, bright, candy apple red color and have a sort of "glassy" feel.  If I were a good player I might be able to tell you with more confidence why this pick is better than some other pick.  But I'm not and it's personal preference anyway.  But at the price picks go for and the somewhat unique features herein, I'd say it's worth a try.
4786	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The lower C is really soft. Other than that the sound is good for a study recorder.
2308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great.

7855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Martin !
5862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!
7621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dependable strings! Nice bright sound,but not too bright. The medium tension is warmer than the lighter ones my violin came with. We play alot of folk style and they work well for that. The cost is fantastic because we have 2 violins and a viola in our home!

4216	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's very useful, as it does make a difference in audio production. Definitely recommend it!
Overall the GuitarPort a bit of a novelty product, it's not the amp models or effects are bad, it's just for about fifty dollars more you can pick up a PocketPOD and have all these great tones in a little battery powered, hand held device. You even hook the PocketPOD up to a PC using a USB cable and download the free software from Line6 to do almost everything you can with GuitarPort. I see a lot of positive reviews for this thing, so it seems it has made many people happy, but your money can be spent better elsewhere and if you are a beginner stay far away!
The MT-2 allows you to scale things back from ear-bleeding to just perfect for a wide range of hard sounds.
6789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for lighter DJ lights that never seem to come with a clamp, for some reason. Well made and seem reliable. You might need a small wrench to tighten the nuts on the bit that attaches it to the lighting unit, as it's not super tight and you can get some unwanted swiveling. But good value for money.
9573	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They add depth to your bass drum by muffling the overtones a bit, and it is the pads that wear out rather than your bass drum head so these actually save you money and sound better. I've used a couple different brands, and they pretty much are similar.
3075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had mixed feelings about this mic and felt it would give me a wider response than a regular SM57 when used on a guitar cab (even if it is a supercardioid). It didn't have a wider spectrum, and it just sounds different, not bad and not amazing. It truly depends on your personal taste. I was using it on an EVH 5153 amp and cab.

6765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are excellent sticks.  I've been through many pairs and settled on Ahead sticks for their durability and shock resistance.  However, the tips kept unscrewing leading to gashed heads and the grip area is limited.  Enter the Pro-Mark oak!  I loved the balance and feel of the hickory 747's but, they didn't last long.  I went on a whim with these and it was love at first swing!  They have the volume and durability of an Ahead with the balanced feel.  I suggest taking your favorite style of whatever stick you're using and try it in the oak.  I've tried several and keep coming back to the 747N.  My only wish is that they reissue the oak natural finish series(Also a fantastic series if you prefer hickory).  If you're looking for a stick that hits harder and lasts longer, go for these!
Sonically, they are everything I'd like my headphones to be, but that doesn't matter when I can only hear in one ear. I won't be buying AKG headphones again in the near future.
2682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful mic. Sounds great, looks great, it's clean and picks up many things quite well. I've used it to sample drums and it's comparable to more expensive Shures I've used in the past, if not identical post processing.
9013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect capo for anyone's guitar. these capo last and do securely hold string tight for kay change
7054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the ultex picks for about 7 years now...  I love the feel and sound I get from them.  If only they didn't find their way into the laundry so often!
4132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love how it reduces pops in you consonants (P's & B's) while on mic. I use a very sensitive MXL R144 ribbon mic and this kind of protection is necessary.

2426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use to sing into random cheap kmart mics for youtube covers played in a band and used a cheap dynamic mic from guitar center I don't even remember the names of them. This is the first Mic I've spent $100 for and I can say worth every penny everything sound so clear c:
8943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recommend this Evans head series (G2 Coated) to any drummer. Professional or not. I've only been drumming for about a year now and I've had my own set for about 9-10 months. I got these heads about two months ago and they're still strong. The sound is amazing.. The first time I put them on, I fell in love with the sound. It gives you that nice deep sound on the toms and bass and a nice pop for the snare. These are my first heads after the regular stock heads my set brought (4-Piece Sound Percussion Drum set), I can't really say they are the BEST heads out there simply because I haven't tried any other heads. But I am 100% satisfied with these heads. They get the job done. Well recommended!
7077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the Tortex picks for a while now, and have been really happy with them. This pick however, takes it to the next level. Very strong and great bite for a relatively thin pick. I use the .73 for acoustic and the same holds true. Great product.
Not much more to say... except, if you haven't tried one of these yet, it's about time!
5458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I haven't really put them on yet but I have never been disappointed by these products. If I was, I bet you a buck I would get an exchange or a refund.
They are tough and can handle extreme bending and tremolo abuse. They sound great and last a long time. I have them on all 12 of my electric guitars.
If you're at a toss up between these and the Schaller variety, try to find some you can get your hands on and just compare them. A friend of mine loves Schaller and says Dunlops are terrible. I like the Dunlops fine and can't find a problem with the Schallers either, so it's all up to personal preference, until something fails, and they haven't failed me yet!
8370	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Product

6488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Holds the Light I have attached to it well. The only thing I realize I wish it had was a piece maybe inside on the inner part of the bracket where the bold turned into. As it locks to a pole or maybe a thin stand, the only thing grabbing that stand or pole is the bracket itself and what is securing it is the bolt that's screwing into it. That screw isn't really with a steady piece wide enough on the end to lock it into place. Keep that in mind if you're looking for a bracket. However, for the price, you can't go wrong. I just shoved a piece of rubber in between the bolt and the pole i was securing the whole thing to and it worked just fine.
9726	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Tortex picks every since I started playing guitar a few years ago. I normally play worship songs where it is mostly strumming, if I do need to pick then I just use my fingers usually. I started with the .73mm (yellow) and also the .6mm (orange) Tortex picks. For strumming only these .5mm picks are great, but they are so thin that they do not offer much versatility otherwise. I think my next purchase will be for the .6mm orange picks just so it offers a little more versatility, not much though honestly. Best bet is to have various types of picks on hand. Overall though these picks are great, they don't slip and are pretty easy to find because of the colors. I haven't tried many pick brands and I don't really want to.


9385	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
The only thing to improve is the latches to close it that look a little bit not rough as plastic or metal should be
2290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds just as it should.  Strong, durable, designed almost to military spec, as per the history of the Shure company.  Bono recorded music with this mic, for a reason.  It's not going to pick up your pet house farting or the car driving past outside, but that's exactly why this is a good thing.  It boosts a fragile human voice into a strong one, if they make use of the proximity effect as a benefit, rather than a detriment, which is probably why Bono liked it, but since it's dynamic, you can get away with capturing sound in environments where a condenser mic would require sound proofing and special vibration isolating mic stands.  If you want to sound great over a PC in a noisy bar, on a noisy stage full of musicians, the proximity effect and cardioid pattern of this mic will make that happen, and it will do the same for getting a good recording in a room that isn't soundproof, with traffic outside, etc.  Is it the mic that's going to capture the sound of a spit bubble popping in your mouth or your sister's pet mouse farting? No.  Do you want it to be?  No.

5127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I think I am sticking with Marine Band. I recently took up the Harmonica and started with a Special 20 then got a Lee Oskar and a Suzuki Pro. All 3 are good harmonicas and was always iffy about getting the Marine Band version due to all the complaints about the 2 hole draw and stuff.
3993	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This pedal is not that great. The wah sweep is too wide, it's like an on/off switch, you struggle to find those great frequencies right in the middle where the thing feeds back though the amp in just the right way. The vox with the silver top has the right sweep.... Vocal, tight, none of the super harsh higher frequencies of the crybaby.
8471	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE these. It's a fantastic grip for playing bass or acoustic!
6098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Many other spring-based capos are either too stiff or too loose.  The spring tension on the Kyser is "just right"...you can open it and slip it on the neck with minimal effort and be assured it's going to stay put without slipping.  Very well-constructed and (providing you don't lose it) should last for many, many years.
A very simple, popular effect that I wouldn't want to live without in some form or another.
3640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
5802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everthing ok
For mic-ing guitar amp cabinets, this is an industry standard.  Also good for snares, toms, even kick drums.  (Take the windscreen off for these applications, of course.)  It's probably the most versatile microphone ever made.  At around $100, there is no better bargain.
6908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent piece! Does the job!
7688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It may not be the perfect capo, but for playing live it will never let you down. I like capos that offer some fine-tune control while playing at home to get the best tone. This isn't adjustable. However, when playing live, you need to know the capo will work without buzzing or having dead strings. This one fills that bill. Clamp it and play with confidence. It also stays out of my way with the low profile over the fretboard. No risk of damaging the guitar, either. There may be capos that have the potential to sound better but this one is reliable and fast, which means a lot in a live setting.
9916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have always used this product, on all of my guitars.
1629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints so far.  This has done the trick for me when I need to use an XLR cable for a 1/4" jack

The "Wave" control is what gives the unit its sonic versatility, so it is a nice feature to have. Most tremolos have it, but not all. For the price, it can give you a decent set of classic tremolo sounds with nothing too crazy. It is the unit that Tom Morello uses on "Guerilla Radio," and it does well with tremolo classics like the Smiths "How Soon Is Now?" I hear no volume drop problem like other reviews suggest, and this is something I am sensitive to because I generally turn modulations on/off over the course of a song rather than leave them on full time.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
4054	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I played in a band with a guy who used this as his main guitar for YEARS. He would spend up to 10 minutes of a 40 minute set tuning. He put a new bridge and locking tuners on it, and bought a boss pedal tuner. It still could not be properly intonated after hours of adjustment. He had a deep emotional attatchment to it because of the person who gave it to him, and we couldn't really ask him to get rid of it. We once spent 3 hours in a studio attempting to tune and adjust this guitar. He ended up using my guitar for the rest of the session. It was a happy day for us when it was stolen.
I did have to adjust the intonation and lower the strings, and after that it plays great.
9152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for about 10 years - electric and acoustic. If you are getting a little arthritic like me, you can hold on to these. The indention really lets you hang on through anything. Best part, the tone is great, really rings out.
7756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Our small church's drummer has a very aggressive playing style and we needed something to quieten him down without killing his expressive playing. When he mentioned using hot rods before we decided to try them! They have done the trick!

4652	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice beginner or for that matter a good guitar flat out. I've heard some bad things about today's Epiphone guitars and  how they can come from different countries with various defects but this was flawless. No raised frets or imperfections from the factory. The finish is flawless.  No pick guard on it  which don't cost much but you'd think it would come with one.
5340	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I believe this cable is actually sounded better than my Monster cable but these died with-in 2 months. i bought 4 of these and 3 crapped out in less than 2 months. Lucky Planet Waves replaced them cause Amazon doesnt accept returns after 30days.
So far, this guitar has been a think and do piece, but a keeper all the same. Now, I get some nice sounds out of it and I pump it through a vintage Kustom Charger Bass amp or through an Acoustic 260.
8230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and exactly as described.
2643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm in love with Shure mics. Thank you so much for providing me these mics! They work perfectly for audiobook and podcast recordings.
3005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Donr be fooled by the imitations... should be their slogan. There are some real junky ones out there and these are great, love the washers, life savers. Thanks!
2761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This was one of two I purchased. Also bought the 25' Length and used them on an assignment recently.  They fit my RODE Mic nice and tight, other cords I have bought didn't and the sound quality is excellent. If Amazon allowed a link I would give you a link to a video I just finished on the Independence of the Seas.  Go to my website and look for it...IPA IMPRESS dot Com
7498	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these because they are soft, I had ordered the Vandoren Blackbox Reed box, they were hard to play.  I am a beginer, like these.
904	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cords work great.  Bought to run sound to a mixer from my Sapphire pro 40 in church.  Works great!
This is a pro cable (gauge question aside) at consumer pricing. The plugs can be opened and checked or re-soldered if you ever have an accident or need. But, from my short use over the last month, I don't think I'll ever need to open this cable. Buying two more today.
4214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	helpful product. does just what it says
1131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Cable - Great Value - It Rocks!
4215	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not sure what this does but it makes my mic look pretty cool.
8174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use them for both guitar and bass.  Been using these same picks for 25 or so years.  I've used them all over the US west of the Mississippi and 4 Canadian provinces in all kinds of weather.  They always work and I've never broken one.  The edge will wear out or you will lose one before they ever break.
2307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds a little better than my first act $20 mic but not much.lol the real difrence is in handling noise and feed back loops in extremely loud live music. Confidently move around with out the noise. I do hear a little bit of the vocal frequency tuning rolling off better..bottom line buy this if you can if not there are other mics that can get you by for awhile. .

4512	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bang for buck!
3000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	...perfectly into my rack. However dirty that may sound, the functionality remains the same. A quick and easy purchase that does everything you would expect a screw and washer to do. Nice quality.
5974	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does what its intended to do. Although the back part of the clip slips a little with a "V" taper on the rear neck and better on flatter or rounder ones. A bit concerned with the tighter  tension so I'll keep an eye out for detuning in the future.
9999	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is my son's first guitar and he is learning on it well.  It is still in great condition. good quality Guitar!
556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	the use case I had in mind was to lead out of my guitar pedal board's DI pedal and into headphones for late night practicing, and while it did actually work, the sound i was getting was incredibly raw. But it was a pedal board specific issue as far as I can tell since using RP500 pedals XLR out into headphones using this vs. just the actual headphone out both sounded ok, so the cable did what it was supposed but it didn't particularly fit my needs as well as I hoped.

Nylon 1.38mm
1081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great cable
7580	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pickup is the Best pickup I ever bought ! Absolute brilliant sound ! I'm glad I got it ...the best ever !!
3702	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have been playing for more than 30 years. I play through an Egnater Rebel 30 and a Fender Hot Rod Deluxe. Although both of these amps sound great on their own, this pedal adds yet another dimension. I gave up playing in clubs years ago and now I play primarily for my enjoyment and I write and record my original tunes in my home studio. Whether I am using an axe with single coils or hum buckers, this pedal shines. I have always felt Boss makes the best pedals and I have many Boss products. I also have some EH, Dunlop and MXR pedals. I used a Tube Screamer for a short while and never understood the hype it gets. This pedal blows the Ibanez out of the studio and off the stage. Don't know how it would work with a solid state amp but with a tube amp I'm confident that it will earn your respect.
6638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great bag for taking my guitar places in my car.
9279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing these for years.  Same great quality and they were shipped right away.
4830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for the Yamaha DGX-650B.  Soft, stretchy, and slippery, fits just about right.

2683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bueno
hard to mess up a midi cable though lol
5747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kysers make the best capos.

1721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works very well with my application that I need it for
7563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	What a gorgeous ride cymbal. I tend to prefer less overtone and more projection, but when I auditioned dozens of rides in a good drum store, this one stood out as the most pleasant general purpose ride cymbals I've ever played. I use the Vater Fusion Nylon tip stick with it, so the overtones can get a bit washy from time to time, but when I use a more gentle tipped stick, it is one of the best ever.

1557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable.

8120	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Hohner Blues Harp is my favorite Hohner model. It's easy to play single notes, bend and do chords, and holds up very well. I think I have nine in different keys and they are all just fine. The "Key of G" harp is an especially nice sound.
I tried both and the JR2 sound much much better than the JR1, it sounds warmer, louder and has more sustain.
The strap assembly goes on about the same. If you have a thick strap end you're in for a struggle but you get the hang of it if you have many straps to do as I do. Thankfully you only do it once. Once it's on forget it.
Straight out of the box I tuned and was playing this guitar within 5 minutes, the sound is awesome. I also purchased some "<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Elixir-Strings-Electric-Guitar-Strings-6-String-Light-NANOWEB-Coating/dp/B0002E1O3G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Elixir Strings Electric Guitar Strings, 6-String,  Light NANOWEB Coating</a>" from Amazon as Elixir last a lot longer in my experience and sound great. Heads-up, in my experience most guitars need the strings changing when first purchased, I have 5 guitars, 3 bought online.

In addition to achieving the exact sound I wanted I also get far better stick response, and have found that tuning these heads are far easier than any other head I've used, including Remo that I use on my Ludwig kit.
5925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice capo, be sure to get either a curved or straight leg. Depends on your guitar.
Worth the price and it takes a load off my shoulder.
3479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly.  Work well.
9391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
  NOW THE GOOD NEWS, NOTHING ELSE TO COMPLANE ABOUT, MAYBE BATTERY LIFR.  I ALSO OWN THE STREET CUBE WITH TWO SPEAKERS,UMPTEEN EFFECTS.BATTERY LASTS ABOUT 3 TIMES LONG.
The case is hard plastic.  But not super-heavy-duty plastic.  It might survive being dropped from 6 feet - maybe - but don't count on it surviving being stepped on by a fat guy or run over by a car or anything else drastic.
Everything was more fluid and accurate for picking individual notes from chords and staccato runs and sweep picking were much clearer and less muddied sounding.  In comparison, my regular 'heavy' pics just made 'prik prik' sounds when I'd do the same picking.  My advice: use these Big Stubbies and stop sounding like a 'prik.'
9310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yep - love 'em
8038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice picks but they don't have a nice grip like I hoped. I was hoping they would be more similar to the Herco picks.
417	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The cable fits snugly into the receptacle. Seems to handle audio just fine so I find it acceptable. Happy to place it in my kit.
6481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good full sized gig bag, satisfactory.
1279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No Complaints. Product arrived when promised and serves the intended purpose. I would purchase again.
7248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings. Will buy them again
They work!  The only thing you need to do is ensure you've got them engaged properly at the time you attach your strap onto your guitar i.e. just make sure you established a solid connection then go ahead and gig your rear-end off without worry.
5353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to install, rock solid, and in my opinion, look much better than Schaller locks.
429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
9156	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The MD-2 Mega Distortion was not released by BOSS until September 2001.  By that time, the grunge, detuned, and seven-string culture BOSS was trying to cater to was already starting to die out, and experienced players had well-set impression of what a BOSS distortion sounded like - largely from the venerable, yet flawed DS-1 Distortion.
The cord tends to get tangled on them.
2236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice mike for the price, you'll like the sound, very clear.
8663	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are awesome. The tone is amazing. They are bright but not tingy at all. They can bend well. i was able to easily play solos with bending on these strings. Had them on a while, like a month and a half, playing a lot, and they need to be changed. Most other strings get gross in less than a month when I play them.
4148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a couple of these. They work great and do eliminate plosives.  You should have 2-3 in your studio at all times.

6597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Seller and Product!
And here's a bigger review on squidoo:
166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
-The roughed finish goes away eventually, but I've usually lost them long before that happens.
bit of a "digital" sound to it.  Not a warm-sounding mic
get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. That is why I chose Black for my subsequent
4312	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Poor quality. The capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp.  The metal spring broke after three months.  Do not buy.
DONT contact me again asking for reviews if your going to change them
890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	looks really cool and sounds great.  no buzz or unwanted noise with these cables, and they have a velcro strap which makes it easy to store them when you are done.  i like them a lot.
I cannot express to you how much you need to try this pick.  Your wasting your money on anything other than Dunlop.  Get the tortex and see what I mean!
5602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
7929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My Martin originally came with the light gauge strings but I changed them out almost immediately.  These strings have excellent clarity and tone.  I change my strings once a month and these are very affordable.
distortion also. Pure nickel produced less distortion as well.
7927	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used several brands and gauges on my 3/4 size acoustic guitar and I like the way the feel and sound.
821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hard to beat for the price.  Excellent 18 foot braided cord that am pleased with.
And the head was far from new.  In fact, I had taken it off for practicing at home with silent strokes on the kit and just threw it back on because - well because it had sounded so good when I took it off!
2437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great sounding mic!! .i had one of "those sounds as good as a shure mics" no @##$@# way, shure is the best, and they last
2793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, this is the best guitar I've owned and played. This guitar has a Nato ( yes it's Nato, I called Silvertone and they told me) body with vintage maple neck and tuners and it sounds fantastic. It's perfect for ANY type of music. It has a neck cushion protects the body from wear and damage making it last for a life time and it has large mushroom shaped strap buttons that never let your strap go. I play punk and I love it, I put a Wilkinson ceramic humbucker in the bridge and now I love it even more. I don't know anything about the amp or tanything elese because I only bought the guitar. Buy this guitar, it's perfect for anyone!

7772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product delivered on time and works as described.
Great, but not exceptional. You'd be hard pressed to find something better under $100, but there are certainly better headphones for listening and even mixing at a slightly less tight budget.
4743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cover fits my Yahama YPG-235 perfectly.  It seems durable like it will last a long time.  Easy to put on and take off.  Very happy with this purchase.
5090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly, keeps the dust off. Having the pull cord allows perfect fitting! I like soft touch of the bag.
8884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This polish was recommended in one of Dan Erlewine's books and it works great.  It really makes the natural high gloss finish on acoustic guitars pop.  The effect isn't as noticeable on darker finishes though.  It really helps on the back of the neck too, makes it slippery and fast.  Highly recommended.
3033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Im very good with it ,thats cool
The spring is so tight, that it's going to pull some of your strings (probably the E,B and G) out of tune, every time you barre a fret with it. If you enjoy re-tuning continually, then you will probably like this capo.

249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Over the years I have had several. I always go to this pedal as long as the polarity matches.  It is particularly great for organ styles. as it is big, rugged, and has a long throw.
1799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sounding mics, they realy are good voice mics, for karaoka and recording of cd's.  I would recommend it for any PA.
7013	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great price but I prefer the tone of bronze strings
4745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful tone for a wooden recorder, but frequently gets clogged with moisture if played too long in one stretch of time, but this might change with time. Great product made by Hohner. Great value for the money, because the more expensive wood recorders are also made of wood. Great beginner instrument.
1091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
-Good mic for a beginner for the price
219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pedal
6723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does his job. I needed a guitar bag to keep the guitar in my room safe from dust and "accidents". This bag does the trick. It's easy to carry and protects the guitar from scratches, dust and a few rain drops (not a storm!). I'm happy with it.

6450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits my Yamaha APX guitar perfectly!  Didn't want to get a soft case (hate them).  Can't beat it for the price.
6844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAA++++++
6855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works great.  I use it to play through 2 amp modelers at the same time when I am recording in my studio.  Now I can record a left and right channel simultaneously with different amp simulations and it still has enough output to overdrive the high gain sounds.  It is a bargain for the price.

[I see a review cautioning the consumer to be wary of "this seller."  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns.  But anyone who returns an SM58 probably had no business buying it in the first place.  They are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility.  In fact, it's the very popularity of the SM58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators.  Consumers require choice, but with the Shure SM58 there need be none.]
5831	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Premium case to keep my Les Paul safe.
1082	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It seems fine.  Time will tell whether it is durable.

I have not experienced any splitting, cracking, chipping.
8963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What do you say about a capo?  It gets the job done and it does it well lol!  I've always loved Kyser Capos and if I ever need more in the future I imagine that Kyser will be the way I go.
210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These pedals work very well for my Yamaha drum machine....and they last for years if taken care of.....:~)
7746	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the sound my snare makes when I hit it with these sticks. Pretty amazing stuff. Would definitely recommend.
2147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these stylus.. Had no problems.. Works great with my turntables... Five star all the way!!
They are weighted and balanced perfectly in my opinion.
Beautiful design, wood comb with a powerful and rich tone, high durable brass reeds and steel cover plates.
7363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At first I was a bit reluctant due to the size of the bullet. After playing with it and jamming with friends, this mic isn't built nor sound like a shaker mic... But it sure does kick some raspy ass classic ass.
5260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have used this for a good month for a church group and the 5 I bought have held up well. Only complaint is as a sound man if the players forget to push the button back to on then they think somethings wrong with wire not working but that's a human thing not a fault of product, But its nice when someone has to switch an instrument during performance and has the know about to push off button rather than pop the system by not telling me to shut down channel 1st. If its used correct in a sound system setup its a nice wire to have.
5193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sexy red finish, spring loaded action, heavy steel and smooth rubber on the string side.  I needed a delicate capo for my baby and this was perfect.  It even matches my Guitars finish.  I am very happy with my purchase
7813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like all Daddario strings, these are VERY well made. Well balanced. Good inexpensive set.
400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality as advertised!
4794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This kit works really well. I haven't had any issues with them coming loose, the kit's easy to put together with basic tools.
2888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
4687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pretty sweet guitar for the price. Sounds like and plays like a Les Paul. I really like the vintage sunburst color (It's more orange than what the picture shows). The strings were setup on the nut close to the fret board the way I like it already when I got it. I just replaced the strings with heavier strings for personal preference. Overall, sounds and looks awesome! Would recommend it for anyone on a budget that wants the sound of a Les Paul.
9752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Let's be honest, it's a beginner guitar. This was my first actual guitar, and I'll always cherish it because of that. However, it has its flaws.

4838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good capo....

4590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only type of strap lock I use on my guitars.
5209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality, great price, easy to install, easy to lock and unlock, fast delivery. Better than going to the always overpriced Guitar Center.

9729	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	these are OK, but I prefer Snarling Dog
253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
5896	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this case is the best i've ever had...very plush on the inside, and hard construction on outside is very strong...the handle extreamly soft to the touch...i guess all my other cases just don't measure up to this one...it even locks...if your guitar fits...but this for the quality!!!
9538	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	72 picks. Bright green. 0.88 mm thick. Most excellent picks around. I'll never need to buy another set of picks ever.
8296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	New acoustic guitarist, but these are easy to grip and play nicely compared to the hodgepodge of other picks I had in my collection
833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
The 36.99 price might seem to good to be true but think of the things for which we are paying less for than we used to. I bought a 32" Toshiba flat screen for around 230 bucks, Think of what that would have cost even five years ago or less. The same is true of a lot of Audio Gear. A lot of companies are bringing high quality elctronics and music to the market but it's great to have a company like Shure make something so good and so affordable. They have always made a high quality product and now they have one that almost anyone can afford. I cannot recommend it strongly enough.
1409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery great price superb product
10+Year Follow up (10-18-15)-Dusted off a back up Technics p-mount table while my main one's being serviced. Installed a new belt and picked up 2 new carts (a Shure M92E and an Audio Technica AT 92E)  for a comparison while the Big Dog's away. Played each with their stock stylus for about 10 hours before listening. Tough call as to which one sounds better to my ear. The AT definately has more upper frequency detail BUT the Shure sounds more "full, balanced and warmer." In my opinion, the Shure produces more of that "classic vinyl sound" than the AT. Choose whichever "flavor" suits you best. You won't go wrong either way. A good preamp helps. BTW, each cart's stock stylus can be easily upgraded. FYI, replaced the stock Shure .4 X .7 elliptical stylus with a JICO .3 X .7 elliptical, 776 DEX. Still sounds warm and full but with much more detail and "authority."
Nice padded interior, looks solid enough, latches iffy at delivery time, but I think they'll settle in, hence the 4 stars. Heavy case. Has a compartment for small items, but no pouch for books. I'd suggest a thin cloth bag to hold one or three, laid flat under the guitar...
2025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good budget replacement stylus for older Shure cartridge, M110
8465	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	You cannot adjust the beaters' angles!!! Do not buy this unless you are not a drummer and will never notice. I bought mine at Sam Ash but it's the same model. Save up a little more, especially if you are new to bass pedals.
730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cable as an experiment to see if I could connect my dynamic microphone (GLS Audio ES-57) directly into my Tascam DR07 MK ii  portable recorder without needing an external preamp.  It works perfectly and the Tascam has plenty of gain to get the mic up to a decent recording level.  Super convenient!
No manual
1074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cord is great, works as it should and is really durable.

I got this instead of the Behringer PB600 because this one is 1inch higher and has an extra pocket on the left of the handle when looking at it where I have my tin full of picks, also because it doesn't have the buzzing problem reported with the PB600 because of apparent poor power supply. It costs $70 more but those relatively minor things are what made me buy it, and I'm very glad I did. One other thing is that this board has eggshell foam on the inside of the lid to pad your pedals in transit where the the PB600 does not.
6371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i'm no guitar pro, but i have played for the last 10 years or so. i've had cheap cork/elastic capos, and the screw-down types, and cheaper versions of the spring clip types like this one.
252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Made of metal, rubber-coated on top and bottom, and tough, this pedal functions perfectly with Yamaha PSR-e303 keyboard.  (As others have stated, plug in pedal, THEN turn on keyboard so polarity is correctly set on boot-up.)  I expect this pedal will outlive the keyboard it was purchased for, as it is surprisingly rugged for this price point.

9054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can you say.  It's a capo that works as it should.  Nice heavy duty construction.
I have no negitives.. it is what it is... designed to be a starter Ukulele, and it preforms that task with class... I am not afraid to show or let pro's play it and look at it.. they are also impressed with its quality at the cost. I used lemon oil on it and hand rubbed it out to a dull luster, and put better strings on it.. so with that.. it is impressive for the cost.
3672	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Recommended. Good sustain after extended use. Nice ring response to the pick; still a fair tone response to bare fingers. Slurs could be better, but, it is a 12 string. Good price. Best, no shredded callouses after a long session.
6213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love these picks. Very hardy and a decent grip.
8832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tortex is my fave multi purpose pick material. Once they start to wear, you can use them for your nose also
3314	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	How can you not like the BEATA 58? I love the sound much better than a regular 58. Do note this is a Supercardioid mic and rejects feedback very well and better than most but I find the floor monitors need to be off to both sides and not directly behind this mic.
Good music to all
5511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm happy with my case. My guitar fits perfect in there and it's well protected.

7811	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Hot Rods are a great addition to my stick bag.  They work perfect when you need something between a stick and a brush, for like an accoustic setting.  I really like them.
7603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Solid - they give me a good "thwap" off the snare, and are dynamic as a pair of these rods can be. Don't know about using them for non-stop, driving music, but for volume-controlled jazz and pop they seem to be holding up just fine. Not too crazy about the price point - that's why I only gave them 4 stars - but, otherwise, a nice product.
5381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'll keep this short.
743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A really fine Hosa product that exceeds expectation at a great price.  Quality construction.  This item performs as advertised.  A great value!
1205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can finally hear my music! Great cable!
4398	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Pops off all of the time, way too big.
2421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic is the absolute best mic when you look at quality, price point, and reliability! I'm a singer and standup comedian and I carry this with me everywhere I perform. If they don't have one I use mine for my performances and the rest of the performers are always asking if I can keep it out there for them.
9494	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Waited two months before reviewing my les paul 100 to make sure there were no issues.  I am very happy with the guitar.  It came well padded and was in excellent shape.  It was set up well and has played well out of the box.  Just did my first string change making sure I used the same gauge of string and didn't have to make any adjustments to the guitar.  Played as well after the change as it did before.  Was a little nervous about an online purchase and not being able to play the guitar before buying but when you live out in the sticks and it's a major trip to get to a real guitar store you sometimes take your chances.  Anyway it all worked out as the guitar is very easy to play, free prime two day shipping, no sales tax, and saved about $80 in gas it would have taken to make a trip to buy one in a store.  The savings in gas and tax paid for about half of my new Mustang 2 v2 amplifier.
2093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun percussion instrument. The sound is good and interesting to young ones with both wood and metal.

6620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strong is good.!!!
6382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks, they give me great tone with my acoustics and the sound of the pick impacting the strings is right.  I tried many picks and settled on these, hence why I bought the 72 pack... obviously try them first and you decide, tone is in the ears and hands.
5826	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1B6LUNQAUV2PP" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B141k36EDdS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/513fnV03k6S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;The Nady MPF-6 Pop Filter is a great value, since it works very well and is a lot less expensive than some of the other manufacturer's alternatives. We have been producing professional instructional videos for several years (some are available on Amazon)for my wife's business, but we recently decided to offer our services to local businesses as well. That required us to put a little more effort into making our studio area more professional looking for clients, which meant replacing the double thickness of stocking stretched over a wire coat-hanger form we had been using as a Pop Filter.
6972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings
9768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great picks!
To be honest, I will probably play this Epiphone a LOT more than the Gibson.  After all, if I ding this one up I haven't broke the bank.  I think I'll tend to use this one a lot more than the other.
2173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	kids love it
4057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good product.
4098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for amateur studio recordings.
3211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	In terms of actually using this rack, it fits my DJ equipment and keeps it safe from rain. I only have two complaints.
2639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
It is so good to have another Yamaha Classsical Guitar back in my life.
6957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At first, they had no resilience ...tight and hard , but I stung them on an old Japanese acoustic guitar which,I guess, had never been played,..ever. Well, I 've been using them with a glass slide, and wow ,you got to hear the texture and singing these strings do. It's like Leadbelly.
Being SUPERcardiod, the Beta58A has a tighter/closer pickup-pattern,
3109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for a quality, compact stereo mixer to combine multiple audio sources and output to a single pair of headphones or speakers, this device works perfectly. Measuring roughly 5 inches by 3 inches, its construction is solid and surprisingly made in the USA. All of the ports feature a nice and tight fit and the knobs are silky smooth. It's powered by a power adapter which is included.
For about eleven dollars LESS, you can buy a high quality Kyser knock-off, right here on Amazon, and put the extra money into your own pocket instead of into the hands of some greedy MBA types who ruined what used to be a great American product.

3534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great deal!..
8413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gift
4823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	as expected
4677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very Nice Capo.
5730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop filter is really good it gives you clarity to your voice, everyone with a mic should use one, for this you need to use a heavy mic stand a recomend a on stage one I use the desk version. If you try to use it in a light one it will fall, the clip that comes with it is good, but you need to put it all the way insid or it will fall, depending on the thickness of your stand you might have to pull it out the way out.
4477	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I had to return it because it wouldn't go completely over my finger.  I couldn't even get it to sit on my first knuckle.  Will have to order a custom size.  It felt like stoneware too, which gave me the heebie jeebies.
6336	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strong spring and good strong materials.  The only improvement I would make is the clear protector that holds behind the neck.  The protector needs to be longer.  As the protector ages it slips off the end.  If it had more surface extended from end to the base where it pivots it would help.
7749	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We had been using another brand of reeds but the saxophone instructor told us about these.  These are much easier to get a great sound from.  And they last a long time too (with proper care).
168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid build, I use it to control midi functions on my laptop from my bluetooth floor pad.

1684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.
4052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my Baritone Ukulele.  Same quality as my full size acoustic guitar capo.  Easily fits in my ukulele case, too.
1484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After 2 years of profuse use, still works great!
1570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	got here and looks good
Overall, I love that Amazon got me a deal on a gorgeous guitar.  However, I am learning that with sometimes there's a reason for the deals.
4104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First some background, I'm kinda a pedal nut.  I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals, many of them some kind of distortion, fuzz, OD, etc.  Its a hobby, addiction, whatever you wanna call it, I've owned way too many of these things.


7495	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cable, well made.

1997	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I liked this so much I bought a second one!  Outperforms my SM58 and SM57, sounds warmer, better output.


5438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great!
5187	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So I bought these because being Dunlop, I trust the brand. I don't even mind that they are sorta big and bulky. The only problem I have is, they scare the piss out of me. Its not a "tighten washer and nut" situation with what ive normally seen on strap locks. These have pegs that insert. Its so hard for me to trust these, I always have 1 hand gripped firmly on guitar even if just adjusting the amp I clench my guitar. So scared that the little metal balls things will just slip, peg fall out and ruin a $500 guitar. I havnet had a single problem with this system yet, and I never hope that I do. But if it happens there will be an update to this. Good product so far, just wouldn't recommend it. There is too much crap in the world to be worried about, strap locks shouldnt be one of those things.
8123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son love it.
This box looks just like it did 30 years ago and still, guys buy them.  Lots of them. They are big and clunky and Electro Harmonix still makes this and other of their classic pedals, like the Big Muff, for people who appreciate the "legacy value". I really admire the visual style, from a better time.
6029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser is my choice of capos. I keep one in all my cases.
My Viola bass was manufactured in Korea and is flawless in construction, fit and finish. In 2003, Epiphone, opened a factory in China to keep up with world demand.
2475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	An SM57 is a must have staple for any recording artist or audio engineer.
2750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are nice! I wish I had ordered longer cables .  The connectors fit snug.  I've had cables that the connector did not fit snug and constatly cut out.  These work great

6197	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks feel and sound great.
8687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For bass, no other picks compare. They have a great contour, great feel, and a bright sound. I like to scratch up the circles for extra grip, but that's just me. I can't play with any other picks, and it's a damn shame that Dunlop discontinued these.
I ordered this cable after noticing my Bluetooth transmitter connected to my A/V Receiver with a 1/4 in ch converter from the 3.5mm cable, was scratchy and would actually drop one channel.  After twisting and messing with it a while, I decided to forgo using the converter and just buy this solid cable.  Problem solved.  It is just a cheaply made cable, so I give it four stars for now.  I may return to this review if it holds up well and performs to a solid performance such that it deserves another star.  I like it so far.
Great customer service and fair price!
british 60's band effect and play for hours. I have gone through about 7 amps in last  five years and would
The only downside I find to this microphone is that I know very few people who suit this microphone. And its the ugliest microphone I've ever seen im my life.
7853	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are a good value for quality strings.
8947	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I tried them sometime in the 90`s and have been using orange Tortex picks ever since. I must have gone through hundreds of these.

9230	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Really like the feel and sound of these picks.  I'll continue using them for that, but they do wear poorly. Probably get about 6 hours of play out of them before they start splitting down the middle. No doubt it's the way I hold the pick, but I have seen the same complaint from others. I tend break Fender thins, so I consider picks disposable. Minus one star for durability. If they cost anymore, I would subtract another star for that.
2690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The ford of mikes. Never lets down.
The sound is what Shure is famous for: warm, with a natural presence that never sounds like the wearer is swallowing the mic. The frequency response is on a par with Shure's handheld mics, and the output has enough headroom that I can use the same pre-amp and fader settings as the rest of the mics.
7353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm sorry, but I haven't had any of these strings. I've ordered a lot of strings but have never had any MSP in my possession. Since this review, I've purchased a set of these strings and they are great.
4134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	nice
I LOVE this pick. Every acoustic guitarist should try 'em out, especially if you're learning like me (well okay, I'm 2+ years in now), because they make strumming so much easier. They're also great if you play kinda hard as I tend to do. Highly-recommended.
These are perfect for what I like to call "picking the strings of a guitar."  They are made in the USA (USA! USA! USA!) and are made from ultex, which is similar to elephant ivory but from a rhinoceros which I found out after seeing the image on the pick.
As long as you know what this humbucker does, you should be very happy with its sound. If you need something more versatile, I suggest getting a second guitar. The Invader is a one trick pony - that is very very good at its one trick.
On my Pearl Masters Series Mahogany kit - clear EC2's on top, Genera resonant (reso side) on toms, EMad on both sides of bass drum, coated G2 snare bater, hazy 300 reso side (wood snare) (all hoops die cast) coated G1 snare batter with hazy 300 redo (metal snare, 2.3mm hoops).
1275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cable.  Pretty sturdy.  My problem is that I keep stepping on the cable.  LOL
8818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well! Hit the stand and had a few thin picks fall out, but otherwise good
On another note...Guitar Strings. I will never understand the variety....the uses ....and the prices in my lifetime.
6977	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I have a Schubb now, which kicks the clamp-on capo's behind.  This works good for my banjo that doesn't require as much tension, but I have a hard time getting this to work on my steel string
5205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A mute button on a cable what a great idea.

5363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'll first say that I've been using Schallers pretty much from the start and I'm extremely happy with their performance, except when using them on a guitar where the front strap button is in the heel of the neck (ex: arch-tops, acoustics, SG's, ESP Vipers, etc).  When used on these types of guitars, the "unlocking stem" of a Schaller can poke you in the stomach and be very uncomfortable.  For this reason, I decided to experiment with the Jim Dunlop design.
6577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It is very nice, you can adjust the pressure and It is not intrussive at all. No buzz on any string of my classical guitar. On the other  hand the strap will broke after some time and the rubber will the marks from the strings. If you are going for this you should probably  want  to order 2 or 3, because they won't last.
8311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the thickness of these picks.  I have thicker plastic picks for my bass guitar and for some acoustic guitar applications, but for electric guitar these are my ideal.
I bought these when I needed cables fast for an internet concert, we had lots of pedals and signal splits to connect up. These cables arrived in good working condition and we've been using them continuously since.
7252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	easy to use. great variety of sounds and options. portable. great sound. great value. tons of fun. kids like it also.

I use it every week, and it still sounds perfect. Then, again, I never mistreat my equipment.
369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are just what I needed to make connections. At a stage now where I prefer the more durable midi connection verses the usb connection.
7851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was very much on the fence about getting a chorus pedal. I'm a pretty big fan of weird-pedal noises and the chorus effect never seemed like a must have. Plus I have a zvex lofi junkie which can get a pretty cool chorus sound when it's not cranked so in my head I thought I'd be okay with that.
I first bought a wireless mic (from Amazon) and it didn't work for me.  I don't think that I have ever sent anything back to Amazon (and I have purchased over 800 items) but I returned it.  I then bought this item which cost a quarter of what the wireless mic cost.  It has given me better results than I expected and even though it has a cord I have found that it works really well for me.  I would certainly buy one again if I needed to.
7354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sound, excellent action, not too tinny, great mid and low range sound. I put these on a Yamaha acoustic and it sounds fantastic.
4006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I hunt great white sharks, and these drum sticks are my best defense, I killed 15 great whites and the drumsticks never broke or even get corroded with the salt water. good brand.

6689	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	For the price I thought it would out perform a graphic EQ. Was disappointed because my EQ was less in price and does much more than this unit.
Maybe they're not quite as 'signal pure' as the really high end cables. I'm not doing anything requiring that level of harmonic replication, so I really don't care one way or the other on that.
312	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't find any complaints at all..  Works and sounds as good as cables quite a bit more expensive...
personal: i have a metal one as well and i kind of like it better. its like the glass is a epiphone les pual and the metal is a true gibson les paul. there both great but the metal one sustains far longer and is more alive which is all personal preference and what sound your going after. i want to do swells so i need that sustain.
1310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

Headphones
9348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They don't make alot of noise for strumming rhythm. Thats what i like them for.
6536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great. Just clip it on and jam out.
3012	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked to convert 1/4 jack to rca perfectly

570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
2216	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	hums when connected to the system
My advice usually means purchasing them in a brick and mortar store or from an online source that can provide the weights of a specific pair. Only boutique sellers offer this service.  However, if you are playing loud(er) music then an off-the-shelf pair is probably sufficient. These are, after all, one of the standards among drummers and have been ever since Louis Bellson collaborated with Zildjain in the early 60s to develop this model.
1743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm in a 3-piece folk band. I purchased these for mobile gigs or in the case that a venue doesn't have enough microphones to accommodate. Reasonably priced, great sound quality, sturdy mics. The padded gig box is an added plus! Great for travel and mobility.
3428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice strings....
* Learning this machine really is not that hard. Can be done within a good weekend.


This cover does come in other sizes and that may be where the 48" W x 16" D description comes from, one of the other versions.  You will want to double check that you're ordering the one you think you are, and check it again when you receive it.

1772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend for any small church, school, or hall. They have that pro look to them withy the pro price. On the negative side they pick up everything. All in all they sound good
1789	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This works so great.  I wanted to get my main vocal on two channels and this allows me to do that.  It really does work great.
--(***** Overall) Suzuki Firebreath, Suzuki Promaster, Suzuki Olive, Seydel Noble: Amazing. All of these are better than the mid-priced harmonicas reviewed above. However they are not cheap, so I recommend the Lee Oskar as a first harmonica until you decide you're going to stick with the instrument. Even if you're "sure" you'll stick, I still recommend starting with the Lee Oskar because beginners are more likely to misuse and break their harmonicas, and so you get the pleasure of looking forward to and appreciating your future upgrade.
620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this cable as a extension to the foot pedal cable of a Carvin V-3 guitar amp. The cable is well made. The ends snap into place well. And for my application the signal path is silent.
3340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My old cable went bad.  I probably could have repaired it, but for the money, simply ordering a new one seemed a better deal.  The cable works perfectly and resolved my problem in the most expedient manner.  The right angle plug is a nice bonus.  Audio-Technica makes good stuff.  The old cable lasted about 20 years, and I expect the same from this one.
9183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks work great IMO. They last too. The Medium (purple) is most likely the best one for all around playing. I also like the Extra Heavy (yellow) and the Heavy (red).

Overall very nice I would buy another
2330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Product came securely packaged and performs as expected.
5843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Kyser capos are easy to use. I've never had a tonal issue using one.
The integrated switch is perfect for fiddling with the guitar/amp without being deafened by parasite sounds. And the right-angle makes it ideal for using it with my Gibson SG, with its jack port on the front of the body.
3559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Strings are great!! They keep there tone even if you store it for awhile. The only problem is that is tends to rust pretty quick..... But for sound wise it pours out a very loud and vibrant sound...

2773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have to tell you guys, these XLR cables that I have received recently are by far the best quality cables I have ever encountered in my entire music (professional) life.
566	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	connected
9901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cheap guitar strap, I had one for my electric guitar. Knowing it was a really good guitar strap, I had to order one when one of the guitars for rockband lacked a guitar strap.
1276	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable. Even better price.

6099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this as a practice amp for its small size, ability to run on battery power, and headphone jack.  It's met those needs and exceeded my expectations in several more areas.
935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Hosa for years, they have never let me down. All their cords are quit and are quality produces. I have never had a Hosa go bad on me.
4967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
3214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
9620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A few years back I started sitting in with some folks at open bluegrass jams.  One thing I noticed right off was that everyone had a clip on electronic tuner and a capo.  Most of them had the Kyser.  I got one and its been great!  I recently got another one.  They come in several different colors.  I primarily use them on acoustic.  You can also use it as an extra hand if you do set up work on your guitars.

3508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for it's octave dividing as well as a fantastic dirty fuzz that's more or less just thrown in for free as a bonus. Great pedal.
5573	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Five stars, Excellent product and excellent seller, very good!!

2251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this is a great microphone and the small price includes the cable. what can you as more.
The world is full of guys who will zero in on all the details they find inferior about this guitar by noting the rather obvious fact that this is not a Gibson Les Paul Standard costing $3,000.00. There are some people who will complain that this guitar has a bolt on neck. True, the set necks of the more expensive Epiphones and Gibsons are nicer. But, considering the fact that every Fender Stratocaster ever made had a bolt on neck, is this really a big deal? Would Jimi Hendrix have played "Purple Haze" better if his Strat had a set in neck? Probably not.
2266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had the mic for about a month and I'm very satisfied with it. The quality's good; the volume goes high enough for my voice to be heard over loud music; and to top it off, the cord for the mic is long enough for anything from speeches to DJ-ing. I'd recommend this product since it didn't cost me a ton, it gets the job done, and so far I haven't had any problems with it.
4603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived quickly and was as expected.
1331	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The GTR210 has non-molded, metal, 1/4-inch plugs at both ends of the cable.  This allows for the cable be quickly repaired if necessary because coax to plug solder connections are accessible.  The cable is durable and very flexible.  I have noticed no induced hum or crackle noise while using the cable.  I will purchase additional Hosa cables in the near future.
5386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love

If you are looking for a more then good case for your Epi LP just get this one. You will not be disappointed.
7458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Last box we purchased had a couple of bad reeds, but that is very uncommon and we've purchased multiple boxes over the years.  I still recommend this brand.
one relatively inexpensive thing you can do for yourself is to try different sizes and types of
2502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The industry standard.  Recommended to me by my music teacher.  (Made the novice mistake of first ordering a less expensive voice pickup mic.  Not happy with the results.)  I used for amplifying acoustic mandolin and pennywhistle flute in conjunction with Marshall guitar amp.  Had a hum/buzz problem which was not a  grounding loop.  Turned out to be a shielding problem with the mic.  Drove me nuts at first but solved by adding and Audix T-50K inline impedance matching transformer and a Planet Waves XLR male to 1/4" female balanced adapter (available thru Amazon) in the circuit.  Everything now working great.
354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you need a midi cable, this is the way to go
Can do overdrive and high gain overdrive (don't expect super high gain but there's plenty of gain for 80's rock tones)
The XLR male connector seems good (I've had mics where the XLR hole is too small for the XLR cable connector to fit in), not too big and not too small, so the drilling of the hole in the mic for the XLR connector is at the correct tolerance.
401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say about a 5-foot MIDI cable except that I've always been a fan of Hosa's stuff - it's fairly priced, works for years, and won't leave you wanting for something more expensive.  Fits perfectly into the 5-pin DIN jack on my Korg Volca Bass.
2- Problems engaging. I would push them into the receiver and they pop back out. It wasn't until I forced them in while pushing the button that they went in a stayed in. Schallers click in and you know they are ready to go.
3862	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
1949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this now for a little over a month with my Kodak Zi8 in conjunction with a Radio Shack 90-degree adapter.
But the SR-18 is just about worthless in that role.  Yeah, it sounds gorgeous, but it's just unusable as a live-performance tool.  I mean, maybe it's OK if you want to program every single song you do, but to just start it and jam on a song, forget it.  Here are some of the weird things:

3942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well, easy to put on and take off my Mitchell concert size instrument.
4046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ok,I got this used in a trade. I was looking for one of these because I have had these pickups before in another Epiphone and loved them,the 700t. I had no idea though how nice this guitar was. I can't any reason not to love it. It has an in your face tone,cuts right through the distortion,if you use distortion. I use very heavy distortion and these pups have a very blighting tone,I would compare it to the 498t that you find in the Gibsons. It's a bolt on neck but that doesn't concern me,they did I nice job building this,it's a perfect fit in the neck pocket on the body. The neck itself is very comfortable,The guitar itself is very heavy like a Gibson and the pickups are much much better than the classic alnico pups that come in most Epiphone guitars. I've been playing for most of my life,I know guitars and I currently own 10 guitars. This one is the best built and the best sounding guitar I own,don't let the price fool you or the name on the headstock worry you. I own 2 Fenders,a Gibson,2 Deans,a BC Rich,a Schecter,2 another Epiphones,
3583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What an amazing guitar for the price. Very good quality and the sounds is very nice. It play perfectly with Rocksmith 2014, Behringer modules or pedals and my orange amp.
They are very neutral phones, sounding quite even in the whole register. If you're mainly doing techno and house stuff, you might as well go with the much cheaper Sennheiser HD505, not for sale anymore.
4528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality acoustic guitar strings.
p.s. I realize that I went off on a T-Rex chameleon tangent for a good half of this review, just passionate about both devices.
7151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this mostly with my Honeytone mini amplifier and Reel Echo tape echo simulator. Works very well with no problems. A lot of Danoelectro pedals may eat up batteries and this is a great alternative when you have access to Ac voltage outlets.
6955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I received this as a gift. It fits my Epiphone Hummingbird Pro perfectly. The interior looks great and has a nice warming feeling to it. Also has a good-sized storage compartment.
654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cant go wrong. Great quality on a budget price  - Hosa is the go to when you need to hook things up
Could not be happier for saving sooo much money!
any other brand at even twice the price is junk in comparison to the Kyser.
The ends are finished with somewhat oversize connectors, providing a generous grip for smooth insertion and removal, but they can be a hindrance for performers who like a grab a mike off the stand and solo. That's not a problem in a church choir, so we expect the cables to last a long time. If you need a cable with a slimmer connector, move up to the Performer 500 or Studio Pro 1000 series.
I wish the case was lighter but I suppose it's the price to pay for great protection.
Aside from the two aforementioned complaints, I am generally satisfied with the Epiphone case. It provides an adequate shelter for my Les Paul when not in use.
3883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful strings, started using Ernie Ball strings when I first started playing guitar, then went to D'Addario which is a great set, but then I was introduced to these monsters. 15 years later all my guitars get the Boomers treatment.

1234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a really nice cable!
The adjustment cord that tightens the form is definitely needed in order for me to get a reasonable fit - and it needs to be drawn slightly tight before installing or the cover will slip off one end after you affix it to the corners of the other. However, once you climb that learning curve it is simple.
805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my guitar
9436	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
1771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
7081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	a+++++
Guitar: Looks nice and setup and intonation was perfect right out of the box. I was a little surprised by the fact that the neck looks to be unfinished wood.  I'm a little concerned about this and debating as to whether to try to put some type of sealant / finish on it for protection.  There is a minor problem with the tone control on the guitar, but I've spent many years working in electronics and it will be easier to just fix it than return the guitar I think.  These are the type things I've come to expect to have to deal with when you buy imported products online cheap.

8466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Way Better than my old pedals
2624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sounds good, for the price. Cuts ambient noise way down.
9097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great.  spring is a little tight and needs loosening up.

8111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As another poster mentioned, this strap looks even better in person.  I love the oriental style, the shiny gold trim, the colors (I chose the navy blue) and the quality.  I am currently using it on a Sea Gull electric acoustic and the blue strap on the brown guitar really looks great.  It was a bit difficult getting the strap on the button on the bottom of the guitar because the strap's end is thick, but I'd honestly rather struggle a bit in putting it on and have a thick end that will be durable, instead of easily putting on a thin strap that will either easily come off or rip.  At the top end, I'm using the Planet Waves quick release strap (in place of the shoe string option since my guitar doesn't have a button at the top and I don't feel comfortable having one drilled in), which is a fantastic combination.  In fact, so much so that I have the same Planet Waves/Levi's strap combination on another acoustic guitar, which is why I chose to do the same on a second guitar.

Shell/Adhesive Note:  If you're nervous about the "Velcro" adhesive messing up your shell -- I was because I have Gretsch and I didn't want to scar the "silver sealer" -- or if you want the ability to move it between drums, you can just use a small weight to hold it in place.  I use a 15 pound photography sandbag, and it seems to work perfect; it also helps in the everlasting war against the bass drum creeping forward.
It looks awesome!  Especially with my white control vinyl.  I like the fact that the needle protector is so large, I don't feel like I'm going to hit the needle while putting it on.  I don't necessarily like the curved lifting arm tho, I feel like I have more control with a flat angular one.
6416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to move around the frets, very sturdy and firm.
4678	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a CAPO ... nothing special ... it works
4804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice recorder which I have yet to fully utilize but I can see already that it is of very good quality and will certainly enjoy taking up this transportable instrument again.
-easy to use
3821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sticks are like women, a beautiful one is highly subjective.  I'm a "rock/prog/blues" player, and I find these sticks truly beautiful.  A nice mix of speed, bounce, and power.  For exceptionally heavy music (i.e. Metal) they are too light and you'll go through them too fast, but for general purpose playing as I play, I just love them.
3. These are the only jazz picks I can play rhythm with. These little things shapes were made for lead, but this one can do both. You can't change picks while playing, and if you want to play accurate and really close to the string - this is one of the best.
5593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good capo, is no aggressive with the neck and works is supposed.
5299	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I went a long time convincing myself that I didn't need these.  I had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance.  These solved the problem.  I still check, but they just won't pull out or release.
on standard MM ...
4965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great, easy to use.
1918	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-RHXCS4UWU6AD5" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1E9uBIWg5S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/11qHoByq78S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">The Audio-Technica 88W wireless microphone system provides near-professional quality audio for those of us on an amateur budget.  The product is actually labeled "PRO", although I think that is a rather generous label. But compare this mic system at around $120 (as of my purchase) with similar systems costing $500, $600, and more.  Yes, you generally get what you pay for - and I may upgrade one day to a more expensive mic system. But so far, I am very impressed with the PRO 88W set.


6643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does an amazing job filling out the tone, sounds great in both live and studio applications.  Only complaint is that it's made in China.

Great for the closet recording everyone is starting to do for youtube and things of that ilk.
9731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have been amazing. I used to have a pair of these, but sold them with my kit many years ago. Got a new band together and came straight for these. Awesome, lightweight, and durable.
1714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good stuff
2731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great, came as described and on time.
946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They work, don't tangle up bad, and pretty easy to work with.
2828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought one 4.5 years ago, tried others, buying another.  Very comfortable, doesn't muffle the most necessary high end frequencies.  If only there was a comparable closed back version of this, i want to isolate elec. Drum tapping, these don't prevent one from hearing them.
6148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Reading through the reviews for the TU-80, it seems theres a lot of grumbling that misses the point of what a tuner should do. Above all, it should be accurate and clear in the readings it gives. Too often tuners fail to do this. The reading wanders back and forth, never quite settling on whether the note is flat, sharp, or dead on. For a tuner, this is entirely unacceptable. A tuners job is to tell us whether or not the note is in tune. If the tuner cant make up its mind, then whats the point of having it?
3814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best sounding strings ever
6522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good sticks, and my buddy was super happy about getting the Neil Peart ones.
8759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice mellow sounding. Not as bright as the Darco or Marquis series by Martin. These silk and steel have A LOT of sustain...especially when picked or plucked on single notes. Using them on my Ibanez AW artwood exotic zebrawood guitar.  I like them for what they are...mellow volume...but clearly these are made for smaller parlor or concert body guitars. Best to stick with other phosphor bronze for bigger dreadnaught and jumbo bodies, if you want full tone from your guitar.
6	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thanx, b
356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good cable

My 30-yo Technics TT shines again (and produces terrific sound)
4660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best
- Quick Change
NOTE: Photo is of the top of the case with the 'bump' visible.
5639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say?  It's a Kyser, and its's camo.  How could you go wrong?
I really recomend this product, to have a powerfull distortion on any amp no matter how smal it is
The covering is quite good for a ~$100 guitar case and the handle placement balances well when being carried. (I have heard some mention they are not crazy with the case sporting a huge Epiphone logo, but I personally think that is ridiculous. For me, if you are that brand obsessed, then go fork out the cash for a Gibson, but as for me, I don't mind "representing" Epiphone as I really love this guitar. Get over yourself.)
During shows it stays put about any lug I put it on, even at angles.
Excellent flexibility....Check!
2417	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	4 stars instead of 5 only because this thing won't tune your guitar or carry your amp. I use this solo, in a duo with a bass player, in a trio with drums and bass. I have a regular gig at a medium sized club that is basically one large room. I use it through a Pyle Pro self contained Pa into which I also plug my Martin GRP elec/acoustic. The sound quality is excellent. The volume seems limited only bny what the Pyle Pro will put out. I would have no hesitation using this for bigger rooms with a full band and PA. I haven't heard a hint of feedback and the on/off switch is a plus.
The Fishman that came with it I threw away.  Then tried two other sound hole pickups in the $50 range.  None of which I would or could gig with.  Long time ago I had one of these so I bought another.  EXCELLENT  Perfect string balance and very nice sound on chords and jazzy leads. Not in the LEAST bit thin and cheap sounding.  End of story.

4847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a great item. I am very happy with this purchase.
new students so they have a good playing, sounding instrument.
I've been using them for years and can say that they stay crisp and clear longer than others I've tried.
4926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pedals great. Still no BOSS Heavy Metal pedal. If you can find that one I would not hesitate. I like this Metal Zone though better than the Digitech one. Have to mention cuz it always has bothered me. Yes of course you shelled out bout $100 for a pedal but no were not going to give you a power supply. Battery's are not a good thing to have between you and your sound.
6219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these picks but I cant understand why I still co not sound like Jimi???

9959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like the way this work. Makes the strings feel smoother
VALUE -
But as others have said, these nylon strings are tricky to tune and don't hold a tune worth a darn. Perhaps better quality strings would work better.
Thanks for watching! DJ Joey K
9911	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The product I received was a knock off brand and not an Ernie Ball strap. It even came in an "cose" package

364	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simply needed a microphone cable to to go from the back of my synthesizer to the telescoping mini boom that was attached to the 2nd tier of my keyboard stand. 3 feet is the perfect length to accomplish this.
6355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I got this cymbal! The sound is crisp and clear and makes a great addition to my kit!
4542	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Eliminator Lighting Black Lights Black 24 Black Light Bulb $20
627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I had the longer surf green cable but bent the plug pretty badly so I bought the shorter red one. There isn't much to say about a red cable, but it seems a bit stronger than other lower end cables like Planet Waves, Hosa, etc.
5282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive used strap locks before and never found any to be easy to attach or remove but these are well made and easy to use. Very secure. The best Ive used so far.
4654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits like a champ on my gibson  les paul

Side Note: it is camouflage, so don't drop it in the woods or you might never find it again.

7681	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	rods are cool!
2564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Had some doubt about this unit at first, but it's a powerful synth. I found that if you run it through FX units, you get a lot more versatility than you expect.  For the price, It's a great starter synth and a lot of fun.  Just take the time to get to know the controls and record directly into your DAW to make some dramatic super songs.
851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Verrrrry nice!
3076	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Terrific back-up mic. I use wireless mic's and this mic is my go-to back up if any of the wireless fail.

5162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do, bought it as a replacement since my last one broke. Havent had any problems whatsoever with it.
9089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect IMHO. not too thick, not too thin. can strum rhythm no problem, but also dig in for a dirty solo easily enough. and I like the orange color; easy to see on a darkened stage, etc.
My son was an avid electric guitar player who wanted to give acoustic a try. Since I didn't have time to play my guitar during that time of my life I LENT my guitar to him. When I eventually had more free time and wanted to get back into my music I asked my son to please return my guitar, the one I let him BORROW. It was at that time he informed me that he SOLD it to a buddy when he needed money buy a Fender bass. Kids...


4064	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several types of capos, this one seems well built.  A little bulky for 5 string banjo especially if you are fingering near it.  I really don't need to change that fast so use it very little, might use more in a performance setting but that is a ways off.
8641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.....
1489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because I wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. I'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. It's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price.
2514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this mic and the Shure A2WS pop filter hoping to avoid having to buy the SM-57 AND the SM-58. I can only afford one for now.
So, get TWO; one for your CASE, one for your POCKET.
6595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At the time I'm writing this review I haven't received this capo yet,  But I do some have some other Dunlop stuff...a trigger capo, A cry baby and The Dunlop HELL BABE WAH PEDAL.......LOVE EM ALL,  So, I know I'm gonna love this,  Dunlop is a very well-known brand  and well respected,  So, I Can't wait to get this thing!

5002	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best out there in my opinion and I've tried them.all.
7531	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have been my favorites for over 45 years.  Jim Ryan
1280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	.i was surprised to see it is TRS. that is a plus for me. Recording Voice Overs. Switching between XLR and 1/4 Inputs... Because, i only have one mic. it has held up, so far. ...it is Not, Loose or Floppy.  it is Solid.!  Works Great.!
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
7205	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality strings, i absolutely love them and they are so much easier to play on than the Red Label strings that came with my cello. I'm afraid i haven't played on enough different strings to be able to describe these strings in detail, i do know that the quality is great and they sound amazing. As for price, it is pretty much standard and i couldn't find anything cheaper anywhere.
7174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's worth the money. Works great.
I plan to use this system indoors and outdoors - and sometimes in harsh environments.  I may do some updates to this review over time, to note (good or bad) how it performs over time and different projects.

4783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Secures the strap, no accidental drops.
5814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The ultimate quick change guitar capo!  When you are up on stage and have to switch where your guitar is capoed or if your guitar is capoed at all (just snap this on your headstock) this is the capo for you.  All you need is one hand to swiftly move the capo.  The best way I can describe how it works is like a clothespin or chip bag clip only much more durable and shouldn't harm your guitar.
7061	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I bought these I was hoping for the sharper version of this one they make as I had kept one from a music store after using it and wanted some more after the store made me stop keeping them when I took the whole jar.  I have since gotten used to these and will probably get them again if I ever run out.  They show up everywhere, so I don't think I'll run out any time soon. I can't with certainty say that there were 72 in the package; I was trying to count them when they arrived but I was doing a math test at the same time and kept losing my place.
Long story short, the Boss line is money well spent.
3833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite.
Overall, I think this guitar is an exceptional value, it has it where it counts at a price that's fantastic.
2885	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very disappointed with bass. I'm no "basshead". I love all kinds of music from popular to acoustic to classical.  The bass in the AKG K240 drops off severely below 50 Hz and is nearly inaudible at 30 Hz even though the product description claims 15 Hz.  Any attempt to boost the bass will result in fluttering sounds of driver excursion. I personally prefer to leave my music source flat and I don't like using bass boost, but I want to hear natural sounding clear and sufficiently loud bass.
6324	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I play mainly heavy, fast paced metal on an 8 string with 10's tuned to standard, so I have an enormous amount of tention on the strings. I burn through a Jim Dunlop nylon pick in one sitting every time, and at times would have to grab a fresh one in a single sitting. It is absolutely not the case for these. These picks take all of the abuse I can lay on them. Session after session, I'm on the same pick.
1583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hosa always has good products.  This is no exception to that.  Good, solid lock-up, and it functions as it should.
1253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work okay.
8433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just as expected!
I always let the talent choose there mic if they don't bring one. But when it's up to me I use the Sennheiser. Better pickup without adding gain, and voices sound nice.
9344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	One the best of the best capos on the market. I have a few hanging around the house with different guitars in different colors. The black one is my personal favorite. Clear tone and easy to use.
5069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	its ok. doesn't hold the stand as well as I'd like with out a lot of over tightening.. but it works
3219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just needed a 3-RU rack-case to hold an acoustic guitar preamp, digital reverb, and power amp, but my SKB case was about 4" too shallow for the power amp.  Didn't want to go to a full 21"-deep case for space considerations.  The Gator solved my problem.  Molded from high-density military-grade polyethylene, with two solid handles.  There are heavier-duty cases out there, but this one met all my needs, and for 30% less $$$ than a comparably-sized SKB.  Where just a few RUs are needed, the Gator's are going to be my choice from here on.
7737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good product for this price range, excellent for students.
7430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a guitarist who's had the opportunity to work at Guitar Center (back in 1999), trying each type of string on the market was a fairly inexpensive and easy task.  While I'll chose D'Addario EXL's for electric, Martin SP are my top choice for acoustic.  The sound and reliability are unmatched for the money.  They also have a neat bronze shimmer to them...  Granted that's only aesthetic.
Equipment Ideas (regardless of which electric guitar you start with)
3979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the Rebound 5B for several months, primarily for small combo jazz/fusion, and this has become my favorite stick.
Do not try to choose guitar yourself because you can't produce any reasonable judgment until you will learn how to make it sound properly, you must take someone who actually knows how to play classical guitar. You have to get  a decent instrument because you MUST fall in love with the sound of one, otherwise it is pointless: you play guitar because it fascinates you esthetically. I doubt that toilet sitting sound out of shipping box that pretends to produce music will fascinate you!

1511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this works really well. I see no faults. It can unscrew pretty easily, but this is hardly a problem right now.
8886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My first time using this product. It did a nice job bring up the finish on my Washburn 12 string acoustic guitar.
561	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
2139	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great replace for your old needle. Quick and easy! Check out my video!
6088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Think of this as an artist's tool.  And for every job there is the 'right' tool.  Is this the best distortion pedal?  That really depends on what sound you are trying to get and what other gear/technique you are using with it.  If you are using bad gear or poor technique it will not perform miracles.  It will not make your 15 watt solid state Ibanez Soundblaster amp sound like a raging Orange Rockerverb and it will not make single coils sound like EMG 81/85s.  But arguing over what pedal is 'best' is like two painters arguing over what color is best used to paint a sunrise.  This pedal is good for a tight kind of distortion- but not so heavy that you can do modern metal if running into a clean amp - if that makes any sense. It it doesn't make sense, there are ample Youtube reviews you can check out before pulling the trigger.  It has been used by professional players like Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and Kurt Cobain. It is a professional pedal used by professional musicians.  It's built like a brick and durable as all get-out.  I found mine used for $20, but the new asking price is fair. I would like to see Boss start using true bypass instead of the buffered bypass they use, but admittedly I don't detect any tonesuck with it.  I've run mine into a tube amp on the verge of breakup and it can really get things cooking.  It also takes an overdrive or sustainer pretty well to bump the gain and get some singing leads.  With the exception of 'modeler' type pedals from companies like Tech 21, I do not think that any dirtboxes- this included- perform optimally when run into a solid state amp.  So if you are not happy with the way it is distorting your Marshall MG, the problem is in your amp.
8403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 Martin guitars (one is a backpacker) but I really slowed down on playing. 10 years ago I played for 3 or 4 hours a night, and now I got to the point where I would pick one up every 6 Months for 20 minutes. I lost my calluses, so these stings are helping me get them back without hurting too much. I will get there again.
9426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I upgraded the bass and tom tom heads on my Pearl Rhythm Traveler kit (ASIN: B0002FO4R8) to these heads with amazing results. Before upgrading the open bottom toms had a lot of ring and were impossible to get the tone I wanted no matter how carefully I tuned them. I replaced the heads with these and was rewarded with an amazing difference in sound quality. The ringing, hollow quality I previously struggled to correct is now a nice "thump" sound that works perfectly with jazz and rock.
This thing is a beast. The top end is airy, the mids are strong, and the low end is smooth. Nothing on this mic "sticks out." It handles sibilance well, plosives are minimal and not distracting, and it feels great in the hand. The build quality it top notch. For a condenser, it is SOLID. Maybe not as tough as the SM58, but I certainly wouldn't call it fragile.
2403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a few Shure SM58s which cost more.  I like the open sound of the PG48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the SM58s.  I like this mic ok but the SM58 is worth the extra money I think, especially if you expect to push its capability.

74	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty easy to use,-- But the tuning keys do not stay on key.  I bought it for my 92 year old mom and she did find it easier!  It is well made  but I believe the instrument is warped.  I returned it as it is frustrating to play it.
9983	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love 'em
4081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Being new to the audio equipment scene made it difficult to know what was good or bad. There were many different types of filters to consider (styles, shapes, sizes, etc.). I had used this for about 2-3 years and felt like I was more than an amateur having this accessory assist with my video recording quality.
So here's the bad stuff:
THE QUALITY OF THE INSIDE AND OUTSIDE IS GREAT.
8091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
5313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I need to say something great about amazon and then the review... the wrong color was sent but they were so quick to try to make everything right they refunded me and allowed me to keep the color that they sent me. An absolutely outstanding way to treat customers I would only hope that some other companies start to treat people the same way.
They always work with no buzzing or intonation problems.
6660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits the guitar just the way it should.
7827	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a huge fan of these sticks, or rods.  They work great for having laid back quiet practices where we don't have to blow our ear drums out just to work on song arrangements.  Also I use them at gigs for warmups and setup fine tuning.  I can test my setup and make sure I got everything where I want it without disturbing the patrons and whatever crappy song they have on the jukebox.  I generally don't have a use for them during the gig itself, but if you play softer stuff, I'm sure they would work great.
2753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	We use this cable to connect our Behringer C-1 Mic to the audio mixer we use for talking on the web. We mix using this cable and can send audio from several sources into one chat by using these cables for low impedance audio devices.
9270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It just works. Does just what it is supposed to do, and never fails.
Tuning:  Tuning was off, which is to be expected.
8928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I put it on the boom of my mic stand. Tight on some, not on others. I need to put a shim on it for some stands to keep the picks in place.
6675	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome quality! Worth the money!
6214	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Went through many types of picks over the years. I first tried these in a Dunlop variety pack. I'd been using Tortex, but found Ultex to have a better grip. Been using the the .60mm, .73mm and .90mm and the Sharp version in .90mm. All are great picks for various applications.
Aside from the extreme durability (which is now nearly standard in similarly-priced models), the only other reason to consider an SM58 instead of another option is if you want to be the lazy sound guy that doesn't want to even try to create a proper mix and prefers to rely on the odd mid-range peak of this mic to make a vocal cut through a mix of instruments.  Please take note, though, that doesn't mean that it is going to sound great... just that you'll have that odd and annoying honky peak standing out in the mix over everything else.  If you like being the sound engineer that doesn't want to mess with proper mic selection and bother with equalization to create a good mix, maybe the SM57/SM58 actually are the mics for you.  (Inevitably when I attend an event with a terrible mix I'll see SM58s all over the stage.)  As for me and anyone else that makes sound quality and great mixes a priority, we'll probably select something else.
2508	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	After reading about all the different mics and trying different things with different types of mics I finally purchased the SM57. My brother and I play together regularly and I like to record what we play. I was previously using a generic vocal mic to record with but there was always an annoying crunchy tone and blandness I couldn't get over. I would always have to tweak the amp or the actual recording to get a decent sound and remove some of the unwanted tone.  When the Shure SM57 arrived I set it up and adjusted my amp back to how I like it. After the first recording I was thrilled. The recording actually sounded like the sound coming from the amp. The mic only picks up the perfect tones while leaving the garbage behind. After moving the mic around a bit I actually have a near professional quality. The sound is crisp, clear, and I know what I'm recording as I'm playing. This mic beats out anything in the price range. Don't spend more for less.
8241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these pics have been using them for years. They're great if you like  to pick fast
1823	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Pretty noisy. Not great shielding around the center core, I guess. Other patch cables I have reduce noise significantly more than this cable.
I don't believe that just anyone could do what she's done in five weeks because she was driven to play. I have a small recording studio and she plays piano for our recording sessions which helps her as she understands cord progression and structure.
3643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Guitar strings that make noise when you strum them what esle can I say?
6035	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tried and true capo and design. Fits snugly on the guitar and allows for quick and easy adjustments up and down the neck.
9095	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product
9517	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Somewhere in the 90's everyone went to extremely resonant heads, with RIMMS mounts, or other proprietary suspension systems all in the name of "sustain".  Well, if you play rock, and like to record live drums at all, and you can't afford a $3000 maple kit, then you know the pitfalls of this---ringing drums.  I like overtones, and in Jazz, they are desirable, but honestly when I play rock I just want a fat tom sound that decays quickly.  I remember hydraulic heads from high school in the 80's, but I was somehow duped into believing the sound was unnatural and I should get open sounding drumheads.  Well, the caveat being you are always using something to dampen the heads, it makes no sense really.  These things sounded killer right out of the box.  It made my 12" tom and 14" floor tom sound huge, lots of low end.  And hey, they are red and look sick.
4878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	all that know this make knows the quaity they are getting. Its the standard. Bought it for my son and his Neil Young songs..
4760	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and the best capo I've had
2488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Always does the job.
7018	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favourite picks. They feel great, and they're expensive in my country. I'll definitely buy more of these soon.

6460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I needed for my Alvarez dreadnought. I'm not a traveling, working musician, so I didn't need an ultra-heavy-duty case. I just needed good solid protection at an affordable price, and this case provided that. It appears to be very solid and well-built, and compares to cases I've seen that cost much more. I'm extremely pleased with what $70+ purchased and would recommend this case to anyone who isn't going to be using it to transport a guitar on a regular basis. If you're a working musician, you probably will want to spend a bit more, but for the home-based player who just needs solid protection and something to carry your guitar in from time to time, this is perfect.
3525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings, great price. What more could you want?
9395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as you would expect.
3929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love GHS Boomers. They are the only strings I have used for 20+ years. Every Les Paul I have has TNT save my newest with a Floyd that will get these soon enough.
The small Boss effects do not come with a power cable, so you will have to factor that into the cost. Boss instructions tell you that you need their particular adapter, but I don't know anyone who says this is a must. I run it off a pedalboard power supply and it seems to work fine. If it didn't I would not buy Boss product period.
I always let the talent choose there mic if they don't bring one. But when it's up to me I use the Sennheiser. Better pickup without adding gain, and vocalist sound richer IMHO.
The reason that cheap guitars today sound so good is that computers are used to precisely build the guitar. Do NOT buy an old used one. Older guitars were hand made. That's good if it is a good guitar such as a Martin. But cheap handmade guitars are hard to play and don't sound as good as current ones.
712	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First, the reasons why I awarded this five stars: the construction is uniformly excellent. Both ends have strain reliefs, the 1/8" connecter perfectly mates with the plug into which I insert it, and the XLR end is a quality component.
Recently, I decided to purchase more Martin strings to put on my Kala ASLAS, because Aquila + solid spruce top + soprano size = ear piercing high shrill sound. Since Amazon sells M600 as "add-on" items, I bought a ukulele song book + 3 sets of these martins.
2728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a mic cord.  It works as advertised.
6656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cheap and fine.
The neck itself felt like really proper material. Nothing was going to break in half or detach from the filter or the metal plate.
7364	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best reeds on the market.
The Beta 87a to me.... Well it sounds just like me. When I was trying it out I kept adjusting the gain because I couldn't tell if I was hearing my voice or the voice from the monitors. Really really cool. I sang a few Steve Green songs, Josh Groban and the kicker was a few parts of O Sol o Mio. The bass rolloff really suits a strong tenor voice. I got mine from a Shure retailer for 179.29. It was "like new" to get around MAP. But it's worth 249.99 for sure.
8589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good capo
1930	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice little cart for the money to throw on an old turntable and get her up and running again.
5327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My local music store sells pop filters for like $30 and that's for the generic brand ones, This is a great deal and they ship out fast, it got here the same day as my mic stand and I couldn't have been more excited snag this thing!
7809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a CAPO ... nothing special ... it works
8972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been a fan of very few drumhead brands and styles. The Evans G2 make my drums sing. The tone is perfect and the mid-range attack that they produce has allowed me to use them with the multiple bands that I play in. I need versatility as I am playing in 5 bands with music variety from big band to rock, pop, and country. Highly recommended all around!

3954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good little capo for my mandolin and Ukulele.  It works well and is easy to use.

7436	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best reeds I ever tried.
5228	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best diatonic harmonica ever made. It has stood the test of time. The sound of the reeds and the wood comb are classic.
9551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's an excelent product
9163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Green M-L picks for year and years.  I rarely and I mean rarely break them and find them to have great grip.  Very minimal string noise as well.
1182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable. I have some friends that use and like this cable as well. I'll definitely be buying it again.
9193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Got this to replace the same model that I lost (later found) capo and I like the ease that it works.
4349	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good

58	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I never used it yet. But my husband tried it out .He plays in a band with a guitar. And his comment was ,he was amaze on how it let you play. He said you have to learn where the color are with your finger. It was a bit awkward for him because he can play a guitar. But he said it would be great for me to teach me. Thank you

9945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!!

43	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was curious as to how the Chord Buddy would work. Actually I was curious as to IF it would actually work, and this is what I've found thus far - Once you get the Chord Buddy installed on your guitar properly it works like a charm. I installed mine on a Squier Strat and found it was very easy to adjust properly. Within a minute or so I was playing chords easily and could work on my timing & strumming. Shortly thereafter I was playing LaBamba. I believe that it is important to make sure you install it absolutely in the proper position. I did find that it fits my Squier Strat better than the acoustic I also tried it on (although it does fit the acoustic, just not quite as well - a bit of string buzz, but still playable).

2821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bien
'Sony MZ-NE410 High Speed Net MD Walkman Recorder'
I don't think you could get a better piece for the price point.
5137	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Must have. I love it. Thank you !!!
-  The feel of these strings is great, very nice to play with when you first put them on
My first piece of equipment of the kind. Was very excited to get it, watched all videos on Youtube and did a lot of research...
Pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - I play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a SM57 or a SM58.
I was just ordering another set for a new bass, and thought I'd add some info which I didn't see in the top reviews.  The first bit of info is that this model is called "Dual Design" because the Straplok mechanism locks into the center of the buttons on the body, but there's also a regular flange on the button as well.  If you arrive at a gig and realize you left your strap which has the other end of the Straplok at home, you can easily fit a regular strap over the big flange, so you're always covered. The original Straplok design wasn't like this - the button was not shaped in a way that could hold a strap.  This is a really nice part of the design.  Even if you don't use the Straplok, they're the best strap buttons available.
3874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have tried MANY brands of guitar strings in the last 20 years, and so far GHS Electric Guitar Strings are the one I continue to use.

what? what's that? vocoder? yeah, it's awesome. don't want to call it novelty, but it would be something tough to use all the time, especially recording and having every song with it on there, but it's here, it works, and it works well. will use more in time, for sure, will probably write whole songs with it, lol.
Comparing it to a real Amazon purchased sm58, it was a darn good Chinese copy but the details (and sound) gave them away. You'll find what to look for online in YouTube Videos if you think you've been had.
5435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AMAZING capo!!!!! There is a reason you see this eon all of the pro players guitars!!!!!! Lets you capo effortlessly in seconds! Also reliable & built well. Color selection is a also a huge plus!!!!!!
9219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As most guitar players know, you have to keep buying and trying new things.  Everything is situational.  The difference in equipment and approach between playing live and recording are immense.
1/4" TRS cable - 12 ft.
3218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I do like the quality of the Ultimate stand I did find it to be a little shorter than I had imagined.  Its just a personal preference.  The stand is well made and will last a long time.  Product brand is very reliable and can take a beating and keep on working for many years.
Rubberized clamps helps prevent the Kyser from scratching or marring the neck and the frets.

I've integrated my PS4. Everything is still great really love this thing.
701	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Midi cables in the local music shops are outrageous.  A simple DIN cable carrying digital signals, not subject to the same kind of losses that an analog audio cable might have.  Yet they want as much as a monster cable for them, ridiculous.
4024	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've never used one of these and am getting used to it. It seems to be very effective and seems to be a higher quality than others that I've seen.
9172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These picks look, play, and sound great. They can be a little difficult to hold on to.
6228	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it but want the donkey version, no thanks to Donald, Ted, Jeb or Marco. Fabulous shape, feel, point, weight, flex, holdability, tone. Maybe the second fastest of all the picks I've used (after the Jazz Ultex III's), you're gonna love the control and how fast you forget where the point is.
2043	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
7921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pros and cons like everything. I use a 3 1/2 on my s80 c* and they work well for concerts, but I really like my berg Larsen paired with a red Java 4 for jazz. So for jazz solos and jazz bands, go with red Java or Rico jazz cut
1044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price this products is great.  It performs the task it was made to do.  Though one may pay more for this product, none will be any better.
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
1180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Decent Guitar cord.  Does what it needs to do.
5875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This fits my les paul perfectly.  I was actually quite surprised just how snug it fits.  Nice hard shell, and soft interior.  Tip:  It says Epiphone on the outside so no one will want to steal it!
2680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Always does the job
I bought 1 Natural & 1 Ebony
The day I had them installed I actually found myself playing with the SH-2 for the majority of the time because it just sounded so good. Everything was crystal clear and bright. It provides a very warm and full sound that actually sounds like your using a different guitar altogether. Chords and picking sound distinguished at all volumes. It's leaps and bounds beyond the stock neck pickup which sounded too dull and weak to keep my attention. It really gave me a renewed interest in alternate playing styles with clean sounds. I understand now why S.D. likes this combination so much as the SH-2 and SH-4 can work really well together when blended with the channel switch.

They have a great feel, are easy to hold on to, have no slippage.

The sound, though, is much superior to the Zoom RT 223 I had been using. That machine has more patterns (over 400), but fewer usable ones, and some that were really annoying. The Alesis has just 100 patterns in the "A" list, and slight variations of those in the "B" list, and some fairly subtle fills that you can activate with the dual footswitch. These usually are in and out, meaning it will lead into a change (for instance into a bridge) and then out of that bridge and back into the main part of the song. I use them sparingly. Mostly I stick to start and stop once I've selected and modified the pattern for my song.
2544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice looking ukulele,not very difficult to build,the instructions left out a few details but easy to figure out. So for[...]bucks it was very fun and intertaining to build. Sounds ok too.
130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Surprisingly high quality.

6768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a few different types of light/speaker stands for my mobile DJ business and like to stick lights in different places through out my set up. So since my speaker stands are a different size from my light stands having the option to change around the clamps/ lights to fit the rooms I would be playing is a big plus.  They are also very durable.  I wouldn't use any other type of clamp.
9226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best and strongest capo I've ever used.
3708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	built like a tank.
The heavier version has a little less capacitance, and sounds slightly brighter on my passive pickup basses.  But this thinner one is just fine for practice, and for the active basses (which don't care much about the capacitance load).

5154	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These came stock on my Jackson Kelly KEXMG. All the other guitars I own have Schaller buttons on them and I have one main strap I use for all of the guitars. I figured since the guitar came with them I would try them out. Not twenty min later I was removing them and putting Schaller buttons in their place. Here the 3 major reasons I did not like them over Schaller:
3562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I haven't put them on my 69 Ovation 12-string yet, but  do have the utmost trust in any Martin Product.
Russ
9360	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great all around pick for electric guitar ( for me, anyway ) but I often use it on acoustic. Feels good, the grip is right, the string pull is good, the action is darn near perfect.....and yes, the ONLY gripe I've ever had about these is the ink smudging like crazy - like others have said..... otherwise, would be 5 PLUS stars
Simply a great effect and quality product from Boss and tends to hold its resale value well.
The open air design minimizes ear sweating while giving a more open perspective.  "In your head" effects are greatly suppressed compared to many sealed type phones.  When watching opera DVD I find no conflict between the phone perspective and the TV screen on DVD that are well mixed.  Orchestral sound is excellent, as is piano.  To my ears, these phones give a perspective and tonal balance that is very close to what I hear at Boston Symphony Hall, when I sit in the second balcony front.  These seats overhang the stage.  When I sing in a choir, the live perspective is even closer to what the phones produce, provided my position on stage is fairly central.  This is, in my opinion, a valid sound perspective, even if it is quite different from the tenth row center sound I aim for when I build speakers.  Non performers sometimes have trouble accepting this close a perspective at first, only because it is not familiar.  Many other phones give a perspective that is too close for comfort, a good reason to avoid the low end.
4719	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The capo I received has a shallow and short gripping ability.  It barely fit on my parlor guitar in depth and width and would not fit at all on my Ovation A/E guitar, neither of which has a very deep or wide neck.  Additionally, I found it to be difficult to grasp and open.  I threw it in the trash.
5450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my application - the mallet heads are fairly small (about 1 1/8"), tight, and hard (unlike others that are larger, more fluffy, and soft).  The stick side is great, too.  No complaints.  I was surprised to not always have to flip them - I can often use the mallet heads for rolls and rudiments.
You can tell that these sticks were made with good quality control because you can roll them on a flat surface and they are always straight. I do not recall ever finding a warped one.

6039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.
  - Very large - like the size of a gun receiver.
1586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No problems so far.
3057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I read all of the glowing reviews of this product and considering the low price point these monitors seemed like a "no-brainer" purchase. The speakers were going to be suspended on the wall of my tracking room and used as playback monitors for musicians to spot check their recordings. They weight a little more than 15 pounds each, so they are not light like most traditional bookshelf speakers. The cabinet is dense (laminated) particle board with a nice fit and finish. Good looking, but nothing fancy either. Since they were not going to be used as critical monitors in the control room or for mix & mastering cost was a serious factor for most project studio owners, isn't it?  The Alesis Monitor1 MKii's are a good, practical solution.
These were smooth all the way. You have to be careful doing this because some guitar will slice you finger open.
blackbird audio rentals
3530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great
1104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice sound, no connectivity issues. I am happy
I really like the orange color which makes it easy to locate if you drop it.  I rarely and I do mean rarely drop a tortex pick but this nylon might get a bit slick at times.
8611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works awesome and looks great on mic stand!
5525	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Marine Band has to be without a doubt the most responsive harmonica I own.  The minute you blow into it the notes effortlessly fly out of it; like running water or a knife going through butter.  The Marine Band really cuts through the mix of other instruments in ways that I have not seen other harps do.  The tone is great!  It speaks with an amazing clarity and has a rich and beautiful timbre that is tight and incredibly focused, yet lush and warm at the same.  It is much brighter than the Hohner Blues Harp Overall the Marine Band is a very musically versatile instrument.  It will do what you tell it to. If you want to play screaming solos, rock, cry the blues, folk, make your harmonica sing or if you are nuts about tone, this is the harp for you. The Marine Band is ideal for single note playing (you do have to pucker more than you would with bigger harps like Lee Oskar). Additionally, it is comfortable and smooth on the lips, and the comb is sealed off a lot better than the Blues harp.  It's easy to hold and it fits perfectly in the Hohner neck rack (if you are a guitar player like me) without moving around.  This harp delivers the sound that I hear in my head without fear of being held back in my musical ideas because of poor construction.  Do yourself a favor and buy one, you will be amazed at what you hear coming out of this little harp.  Thanks Hohner for a great product!

9271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my electric guitar and they sound great, stay in tune, and I will be buying more.
9524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good deal
2065	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought for Wife's Christmas.  Looks like something she will love.  Thanks

7643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works very well and looks good too
Bag is just a bag
3338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had acquired an outdated ATUS WR5 wireless system in a trade with a musician friend who had upgraded.  The unit worked good, but the instrument cable was loose and crackled badly.  I was so happy to find this replacement at a great price!  I also like that the cable is about 6" longer than the old one and that it has a quality molded plug.  I switch instruments often in live performance and it is holding up well.  Seller was good and I received my cable promptly.  I may order another for backup.
3375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	HARD TO FIND, BUT VERY REASONABLEY PRICED. I BOUGHT TWO PACKS AS BACK UP, BUT HAVEN'T USED THEM YET. ILL REVIEW THEM AGAIN ONCE I HAVE USED THEM,

1522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Unless you're going to go for the very top of the line most expensive professional chords, these will do for any medium sized venue.

4221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great with Lgre reeds.
---- Amp and cable...$150.  You don't need an amp starting out, but when you're not doing Rocksmith, you're going to want one.  You bought an electric to be LOUD, right?
465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping item as described.

3264	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and as described
6307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best guitar picks out there. Dunlop knows how to make them right.

-small

2243	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	OK I GUESS  FOR THE PRICE

8469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not too thick, not too thin for my .52 strings
7992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As far as I am concerned these are the best strings out there for you acoustic guitar.  I have never heard a better sounding string.  I have been using Martin Marquis guitar strings on every acoustic instrument that I have ever owned for over 31 years and I still have not found a better string.  If you have an acoustic guitar then do your self a favor and get just one set of these and you will never use another string.
7803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought them for our small church, cuz regular sticks are to much.

3341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice cable.
5395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Still have't used it yet as I'm a beginner but many who play for yrs really like this brand.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
8152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best straps I have found
7562	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have owned three Zildjian Sweet Rides in my time, two were stolen and the one I have one now. I play a very basic setup (Kick, snare, rack tom, floor tom, hi hats, and a Sweet Ride), this cymbal is incredibly versatile. The music that I play is loud guitar driven rock n roll, as a crash this cymbal cuts through everything without getting gongy and out of control. The bell on this cymbal is great, very bright and pingy. As a ride it's not very loud, but I also use wood tip sticks, I'm sure that with nylon tips it would sing beautifully! These cymbals are also very durable, I played all three of mine very rough and never had a crack. Basically if you're looking for a versatile crash/ride this is your best bet. If you're looking specifically for a ride to only ride on, go with a Zildjian K.
3035	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I received two of these speaker, but one didn't work. Unfortunately, it's been quite a pain for me to have the item returned due to the return policy for this item reason why I'm just rating it one star.
1143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
8172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I didn't need this many, but oh well, it can't hurt. They're good picks, what can I say? Their snapping against the strings is kind of audible, but that's fine since thin picks just do that, and the entire point is that you can select your thicknesses.
1631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds go in one end, and come out the other. Exactly what I need.
3849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this pedal...  It sounds great..
320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	MIDI cables are one of those things that either work or don't.  This works well and is very affordable.
7178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good for lap guitar
6376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was completely satisfied with the Gator GCDread Acoustic Guitar Case.  It's solid, well made, and light weight.  It has ample compartment space and should give many years of good service.  I'd buy another one.


9335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great performance
8948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these picks almost as long as I've been playing guitar (some twenty one years).I do like the .73's for strumming, but the .88's are the perfect pick in my opinion. They have just enough give to play some fast strumming chords, and just enough stiffness to play lead, get good pick squalls, etc....As with all Nylon picks, you'll get a good thirty or forty hours of playtime before the tips start to dull or wear down. Of course, you aren't going to only own one pick even if you have your favorite, so usually, it's losing picks that makes you go out and buy more. these ones do have a tendency to hide in carpets and sofas, lol. One other advantage beyond the one's i already mentioned is that they won't ever chip or break. They will last as long as you don't lose them, let your dog chew on them, etc...Oh, and they have a nice grip on them as well, so you won't drop them as easily.
6695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far this pedal works like a charm, no noise operation.
It wasn't until recently (after 3 years - I estimate somewhere around 1000 hours of heavy use) that it started fretting and that's why I gave it only 4 stars; but what would you expect from a $200 guitar...?  I'm sure this can be easily fixed by any guitar tech and it will continue been the sweet-tone machine it has always been.  If you're learning, looking for a first electric or just want a "practice" axe that will not dissapoint you, just go ahead and buy it, don't give it a 2nd thought and do it.
7168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great strings. Medium gauge sound great, last a good while and don't easily break. If you don't have callouses on your fret hand yet, you will after you use these stings. They will toughen up your wittle fingertips in a hurry.
8568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Listen to me, this pick is the best small jazz pick for these reasons: **Mind you, I have purchased over 35 varieties of picks, which is largely due to the crack nature of amazon prime (you know what I mean)

Overall I'm in love with this little box and for the price and what it is you really get a ton of samples, kits, beats and options.  It is also just plain fun!  I can spend hours tapping out beats, tweaking kits and arranging songs.  It is really helping as a songwriting tool because you can organize all your parts, even with bass lines, and then jam over it on guitar or keys to get ideas and try things out.  Overall I highly recommend the SR-18
The tone is nice and the feel is comfortable. Fret buzzing is minimal and with the few adjustments I made it might even hold its own on a gig. The first thing I did was change the factory strings to some better grade Flat-Wounds and that helped a lot.
1762	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
6044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Clamp works excellently. Yes I would recommend.
EDIT for the following comment.
5898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a tight fitting case. I am a proud owner of a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-Les-Paul-Custom-Pro/dp/B007AGR79O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone Les Paul Custom Pro</a>&nbsp;and it fits as snug as can be. When I ordered the case I assumed it would be made for my guitar. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. I am sure I received a new case. Being perfectly  protected as it was, it hadn't a mark on it so.
2910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using AKG headphones since the mid 70's when I started seeing them on the heads of every entertainer in the recording studio environment in film and television.  This said volumes to me about the acceptance by the real professionals. Bought my first pair back then and have had them over the years, occassionally upgrading to newest technology model. I happened to be in the discotheque business back then and I bought AKG's for DJ use in all six of our clubs throughout the country. These are fantastic with full range of natural sound from lows to highs. Does not color the sound and they really kick if you loop them through EQ. Ain't nothin' better. I am so spoiled that sometimes I prefer listening to concert DVD's with these on rather than listening "full room" with my very expensive and well appointed home component audio system. And I occassionally go back to my original set of AKG's purchased in 1976 and they still sound awesome, although the rubber ear pads have become rather hardened and I cant wear them for long. My only complaint about this new pair of "around the ear" phones is that you tend to sweat a bit after wearing them through a movie. I also have a set of fairly recent model 141's that are the "on the ear" smaller pad model with very soft foam pads and I must say that I probably prefer them to the full ear enclosure, for that reason. Other than that, you can't beat the undisputed champ in headphone sound, and at an amazing price point for the quality of the sound.
4123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	You should always have a screen for recording. This is an OKAY product and the price is reasonable. I prefer sleeves so in my case this did not works so well. If you are using a boom arm that moves and has springs for counter weights this may be a caution buy. The reason I say that is heavier than it looks. A boom arm will have to be able to support a decent amount of weight to add this on top of the weight of your mic.
Settings don't always save.  Some of my record settings and system settings seem to get lost when I tirn off the unit.  This could be user error but the manual isn't clear if you need to manually save settings or not.  Again, this should be automatic

Months later I'm keeping a stock of these picks in my house.  For solos I prefer the green one because it's got just the right resistance for that fast picking but not too much so that it slows you down.  For strumming I use the orange.  It's just perfect...
6176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice attack.. just enough flex.. great sound
4735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The absolute in tremolo effects.
Bought a second set after installing the first.  If you mess up and crack the wood stock ... you are .... !
4272	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Seems like a simple concept, hold up two layers of nylon between you and the mic, how hard could that be? Get used to being half way thru recording just to have to stop because the arm slips and falls away from the mic.
I picked up 3 of these (two 50ft for my SM58 Beta A Mics and a shorter 30ft one for my Guitar Rig/Pedalboard) after growing tired of failing cables! Just last Sunday a cheap XLR cable that connects my Mackie Monitor failed in the middle of a gig! I couldn't hear myself on stage...
The case is very well-padded to ensure optimal protection of my valuable instrument.  I love the padded straps which help to further protect the top of the keyboard.  The wheels roll very smoothly and are a huge improvement over having to lug my heavy instrument around with my old non-wheeled case.
Our bassist used it for his combo amp at a gig where he's had "corner" issues, it seemed to help.
3526	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great replacement for your acoustic guitar whether Martin or any brand.
I think I prefer this over the nylon due to the fact that this pick holds it's consistency better than Nylon.
1650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Shipped super fast and it matches the description just as stated. Couldnt be more happy with choosing this! :)
5885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this case for the Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul Electric Guitar. It's very nicely done, and a perfect fit for the guitar.
4328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin makes very nice strings.  I use them on my Ukuleles.
4543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as described.

4841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everthing ok
9269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Kyser capos are easy to use. I've never had a tonal issue using one.
If I could take off half a star, I would, as I would ideally have beefier latches, but since I can't take off half a star, that particular issue is not worth taking off a whole star.
about and nickel plated steel strings were born.
The stand folds up into a very small package and it's one-piece so there are no parts to lose if you travel with it. I've used them for guitars and basses of all sizes with only some minor problems (see below). The stand is tilted back and the legs spread wide and it feels very, stable.
9708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Thanks!
Also gives you a nice crunchy sound if you dial all the knobs down for a mellow solo
1865	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this Hosa Pedal Cable for our son to interconnect his guitar pedal. It works well and seems to be durable. It hasn't given him any problems so far. It doesn't appear to change the sound quality or tone. Great product.
9918	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I'm a professional musician and always have used this
2540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'll admit it.  I think our country is in for an economic collapse the likes of which the world has yet to see.  I expect the power to not continue during this unfortunate event so I'm trying to line up my washing chores ahead of time.  I bought this washboard based on the previous reviews it got and I must say the reviews are accurate.  This board is very well assembled, made in the U.S.A. and should last for years and years of hard scrubbing.  And if the economy doesn't collapse and the power never goes out for very long, then I still have a very unique item from a historical perspective.  But, I actually do plan on using it when and if I need too.
A digital scale would be slightly easier to use, but this scale is worth the price (as long as the measurement is accurate...)
2276	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the on off switch which is quiet. No popping when used.

8815	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great pick holder, it holds all of my different brands of picks nicely without dropping them. Great Job.
2567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Here's my two-cents...
1320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A++
8977	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Much better place for my picks rather than scattered across my desk, although it does kind of feel like it will just randomly fall of of my mic stand
6352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Didn't think I'd be compelled to review something like a guitar pick, but the Dunlop Ultex has really impressed me thus far.  I use the .60 thickness, which is equivalent to the orange plastic Dunlop pick.  The orange pick is my favorite for acoustic and most electric playing, but they do wear down and fray on the edges, and have a little more friction that I'd like.
8320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as I needed it to--even on smaller diameter mic stands.
2887	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Wanted a good pair of studio MIXING headphones. These are NOT. They sound and feel like the cheap headphones I got at Ross on a whim for 12 bucks. When they say these are flat, they mean that NO FREQUENCY is very well represented. I am still looking for a good pair of mixing headphones, and have decided to go to a music store and try a bunch first.
Forget this capo, and invest in the Planet Waves Tri-Action cap.
The needle doesn't ride quite as low as the AT311EP, which appears dangerously close to the vinyl, but never touches, even with a warp.  I miss the dust cap on the old cartridge/stylus, but am glad to stick with AT.  Much of my vinyl isn't new, esoteric 180g limited edition purchases, more of the good and great shape used copies from the Bay Area and Sacramento (a haven for collectors), so getting into the diminishing return rare air of uber equipment is not my gig.
3) Stereo outs make for a really nice chorusing effect between amps.
It's small, sounds fine at low volume, and has the great Vox look to it.. A good clean sound that's fine for practice...
6764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice price and fast delivery
3930	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't use another brands of stings anymore, only GHS. In my experience other brands seem to break on me more often, rarely do GHS strings break on me. I play in hard rock bands and use heavy picks and these strings are still reliable after several shows without changing.
Oh btw you may have to modify the pre-drilled holes so the screw can fit,the hole on my Ibanez are bigger but I'll fix that later.
5907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's the sound you expect to hear. The only reason I left off one star is that the DS-1's overall level does not achieve the same loudness of my Boss OD-3.
I had no idea before I used these the difference in a quality brand product compared to other cheap head phones I have used.
3838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No pedalboard is complete without a wah pedal. The CryBaby gives you that classic sound heard on so many famous records. Whether this is your first pedal or hundredth one, using the CryBaby will open up so many more creative doors in your playing.
2020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is such an awesome and really great piece of equipment! I love it! Definitely worth it to give it a try.
7936	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bari reeds are almosy like trees so durability is often not a problem (especially with this brand). Sound-wise I have played better, but that would only be for those willing to spend a little more.

Shop for the best price. The Gibson Vintage Reissue strings are well worth the small additional cost over conventional plated strings.
Fast forward 1 months - I now own 3 more ukes: Kala ASLAS (Solid lacewood with solid spruce top), Kala GACT (golden acacia concert travel/thinline), Pono MS (mahogany soprano). With two more on the way: Kala Solid Acacia Tenor, Islander Acacia Tenor. I bought all these from HMS - the Kalas all came with Aquila strings and HMS offers an extra set at discounted price that I usually get. So I have a bunch of Aquila strings.
1021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works
2191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have been playing guitar for over 40 years, and have owned a JR1.  Mine did need to be intonated but otherwise sounded okay for the size.  Also I'd definitely recommend a string change, but then I change strings on most of my guitars when I buy them.  I did feel that using either Martin Silk and Steel or DR Rare phosphor bronze strings improved the tone of this little guitar and made it sound pretty good.  It's small, probably small enough to fit in overhead storage, but my 6' 7" husband played it regularly with no problem, and although I prefer a wider neck, I also had no problem with this guitar.  The coolest thing - since it is priced so low, I have no problem leaving it out on a stand or playing it on the porch or anywhere.
5976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case when my trumpet came home from the repair shop,my old case fell apart. This is a soft case and the Trumpet will nest in it well. It is very light weight and the straps hold everything in its place. Has room for the mouth piece and cleaning supplies. Works well for me,it`s the next best thing to have if you do not want a hard case.
Another thing I've noticed is the strings feel extremely light to play and are very flexible. That makes them easy to bend, but maybe too easy -- they're sensitive to having notes go sharp if you press too hard when fretting a note, and if you're fingering a difficult chord, they'll be more inclined to stretch if your finger is pressing at an angle, bending notes out of tune. This isn't a large problem, but it will take a little practice for you to clean up your technique as you get used to them.
3106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	everything is ok
4848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints. Better than I imagined.
-(****_) Sound: Excellent. This is the strength of the Blues Harp. Sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range.
753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice
3460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always hand tie my strings, but I have one guitar that defies the tying process. This solved the proble. Started staying in tune faster than the hand tie as well, but not as pretty.
Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
6949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Oh Man these feel great and sound great.  I have generally used a lot of medium i.e 88mm type picks but these are smooth in their contact with the strings and nice and stiff or firm with no flex and are moderately sharp and smaller than most but not too small like a jazz pick. I like them and as I am planning to learn metal and shredding I think I will like these Ultex and they come highly recommended
1152	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great.
4165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is not too much to say: I find this bag very very good, made of qulity materials, sturdy and protective. Considering the price, it is higly recommended.
I was not properly setting the force by just balancing the arm and using the counter balance indication.
3090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	THESE MICROPHONES SOLVED A REALLY "TOUGH DOG" RECORDING PROBLEM . THE PRICE IS VERY REASONABLE CONSIDERING WHAT THEY CAN REALLY DO IF INSTALLED CORRECTLY .
2248	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	cheep  not buy this mic
5551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

71	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can only compare these with the Yamaha DXR (?) series. I own both, being a two keyboard household. I prefer this one, but both sound great. The QSC is extremely well built and goes into low power mode when it should.
Was worried that the set screw hole might be a different size and in fact its not a perfect fit , but one of the supplied screws does allow the cartridge to be mounted .
3868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've ordered these in 3, 3.5 and 3.5+ (that one was purchased by mistake).  So far I've had many good reeds from this batch.  Wish Rue Lepic's came in a 3.25 but a little touchup with the Ridenour Reed Emergency Room Kit fixes them!  For me better than Rico Reserve or Royals or V-12's.
- Doesn't feel right if you're used to playing a Les Paul Studio (or better)
7517	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just incredible.... very very good one. Much better then several that come already with the guitars. . . . .
***

614	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't want to have to review this because it was something my wife purchased for someone else and I've never seen it...but Amazon is making me do it.
3766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a very cool little item that works fantasticly! I've got one on each of my guitars and even leave it on the guitar while I put it in the case and leave picks in it. They stay right where I put them and the holder stays secure.
finger murder that heavier gauge sets can cause. i'm not a strummer, i rarely even use a pick on this instrument, so these strings are a good balance between big resonance  and ease of play. they do quiet well. if
1455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, seems to be sturdy enough.
4430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very happy. Have put these on many of my electric guitars, and plan on doing the rest soon.

3344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just got the cable and have not had a chance to plug it in yet, but I can already tell that this is much better than the standard version. I have been through a couple of the standard cables since I have had my system so I decided to go with the pro version this time in hopes that it would hold up a little better than the standard. From the looks I think it should, everything about it seems to be of higher quality and better build than the regular cable, I think it was worth the extra money.
5485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This filter works great and is priced right for those musicians on a snack ramen diet.  In front of a Samson or Blue, it's all gravy baby.  The screw nut adjuster is easy tighten on a variety of stand widths.  The mesh is fairly sensitive so any sharp objects or corners will obviously ruin it.  Think of them as panty hose for your mic, one run and it's done.
3031	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT

5147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm in love with the dual design system! It works extremely well and allows me to switch between straps easily and quickly. There is one downside to this system, as the strap that is used will be fairly far away from the guitar itself. Which might not be a bad thing considering wear and tear on the guitar from the strap. There was one hiccup while putting this together for the first time. One component, which was this thin but big washer was pretty hard to install and the directions weren't much help either. The directions did have it on there where it is supposed to go, but I didn't know the name of the piece nor could I readily find it in there. After that, I installed this into my new guitar and strap and, I was ready to go. I HIGHLY recommend this! It is much easily to switch out straps w/o the possibility of striping the screws or boring into the screw hole and cracking some of the wood in the process.
485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Exactly as described.  Perfect for my midi guitar pedals.
6288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	it is great and I like it!
5396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Has these for years, work great and are durable!

7163	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great strings, but are special in a few ways. If you are just starting, you should probably buy lighter strings. If you prefer a warmer, fuller sound, to a brighter tinnier sound, then you should buy... non-phospher-bronze strings?
9434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size and does not change the drum sound!
I'm a total convert - every new guitar I get is going to get a set of these put on it.
2650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What else is there to say, this classic sounds amazing, dampens handling noise -very- well and is known to be bomb proof.
9511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When it comes to heads...Evans has theirs together. I use either felt or nylon beaters and they sound great. The killer is the adhesive....like non-other; wish it was on other products. No curl, peel, or flap....and you get TWO for the show!!!
I miss my SG and will most likely pickup another one very soon, but I don't regret getting another LP (I had one for over 20 years). This truly is an excellent guitar for such a little price.
7845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the money these are great for beginners. or students unsure of sticking with it. as a pro set are a whole lot more money. where these out a couple times
4664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I usually stay away from Gator products, but after reading the reviews I took a chance and bought the 88-key cover. What a great cover! It fits my Roland JunoDs like it was made for it. Very happy with me purchase.
4004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my husbands Mandolin and he loves it, it works great, we swear by Kyser that's all we use on our guitars is Kyser capos, great product, no complaints and the price is worth it.

744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked properly
All that said, there a few things to remember.
I've had this for a few months now, and have been using it for routine sheet music storage.  Back and forth from home to rehearsal.  Nothing fancy.  A few days ago though, I took a nasty fall.  I had my instrument and this folder in one hand and a backpack in the other, so there was no way of stopping myself from hitting the ground hard.  I tried to toss the stuff on my way down and get that arm under myself but wasn't fast enough.  Even so, I let the folder and instrument go from about two feet; they flew a good six or seven feet before hitting the rocky ground and sliding another foot or so.  The instrument (in its case) landed on top of the folder.  When I got up and collected everything, nothing except me was broken.  Just muddy.  A wet paper towel took care of that, and this folder is still looking like it's brand new.  It even stayed shut and kept my music from flying all over the field.  It is a trooper.
5059	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The produce arrived on time and in new condition. I wish the screws were colored the same as the strap lock.  The screws were cheap and even with a new professional grade screwdriver, they were prone to stripping.  Once tightened the system worked flawlessly.
8358	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are classic. Worked great, heavy duty rubber.
4237	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	To start, I've been playing bass for about 5 or 6 years. I've played Thunderbirds at Guitar Centers before and I've always loved their look and sound, so I decided to buy one for myself. Overall, I love it but it has some drawbacks.
1202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For $20, this little guy does the job.  I've used one for over a year, and it's never given me trouble.  Picking up another to mute a new live source.  Not to carp, but I do wish it was HALF the length; you could probably fit an entire processing circuit into that chasis!
While dropping the action, I got fret buzz. Ok, so I do some fret filing...
6175	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this pick. Good quality and great tone!
1472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This worked great for our sound system at school to run my ipad into the sound board.
6831	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use this for two amps(one clean & one dirty) for a great sound
7810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own these, 2 pair as a matter of fact.
Here's what I noticed: The SM58 is slightly flatter in the mid range. The PG58 is slightly brighter and has a touch more presence. They are about equal on volume. The slight differences in tone can be easily manipulated with an EQ or just ordinary tone controls. Neither was susceptible to much feedback or vocal pop.
1616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
The overtones are complex and fed by a seemingly unending sustain. This cymbal would not fit into a rock groove, but shines with traditional jazz.  Listen to some of Joe Morello's work with the Dave Brubeck Quartet and you'll get a good sense of what this cymbal sounds like.
2090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
In all fairness, this is the first time I've ever had this problem ordering sticks through Amazon. I've got 7 other pairs that were just fine before this - two of which were Vater sticks (Power 5B Sugar Maple Wood & Xtreme Design XD-5B Wood).
4196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bag has decent padding, heavy duty null. Zippers, comfortable to carry with over the shoulder strap, lot of pockets for storage, large pockets are round like shape of banjo and lesson book doesn't fit
3695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If your guitar has a truss rod cover behind the nut, try shimming the cover up a little. This will raise the cover and close that gap up and thus prevent the wedgie from falling out. Get some slightly longer screws at the hardware store or your guitar spare parts box (tackle box) and place a smaller section of a used, worn truss rod cover between the screw wholes. Cut to size and fasten down. An old plastic library card or wifeys credit card will work as well. You can cut these to size a lot easier then an old truss rod cover. An FYI from Fingers That Sing!!

5146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are great for what they are for, but my only downside I can say is they poke out a bit far, but still definitely worth it!
3439	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If your classical guitar has an under saddle piezo pickup, then try this design!
Anyone that's had that experience knows what I'm talking about.
5561	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a case that would fit an SG and a Les Paul. This one worked out. It's very well made. The handle location is a little off balance,but carries ok.
3442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I prefer martin strings.  It's just a personal preference
The benefits of the Kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo I've come across, doesn't require tension adjustment, and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use.  The primary benefit of the Shubb is that it has adjustable tension (and second, it's smaller).
5064	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There was an American made cover that fit perfectly, unfortunately they are no longer available.  The made in China version works well but the fit is sloppy
6494	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent bag, especially for the price.
Only negative is I don't know how long it will hold up. I think maybe a thicker rubber rather than this foam rubber would have held up better. I can see this thing eventually losing tension in the pick holder wedges and dropping picks.
1292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable!
2268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I originally purchased this for my daughter for use as a second mic for her Karaoke machine.  Since then I have borrowed it for a back up vocalist in a band I have recently joined.  Today I am online to purchase two more to replace the "professional" mic's supplied by another band member for the rest of the vocalists.  The other mics are nothing but feedback generators, and sound far too thin compared to this Nady.  This mic is not quite as responsive as my Shure SM58, but it's close enough for live music, and the price just can't be beat.  This mic is nice and hefty, and the quality of materials used in construction is very apparent.  Frankly, I don't understand how anybody can really be profiting from building and shipping them for this price.  So far I haven't had any issues with the supplied cable, but if the professional in you can't tolerate the thought of singing through a 1/4" jack, you can use it with an XLR cable purchased separately.  My only complaint is that it has a cheesy label wrapped around it just beneath the screen that absolutely screams "karaoke mic".  To summarize: If you can't afford a $100 mic, skip everything between, and go straight for this one at ten bucks.
843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good looking cable which appears to be well put together. Much nicer than traditional black rubber coated cable.
I picked up this one for a 80% discount off of the local prices.  I will be back to buy more if I need it.

5577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Love the green. Now I know who stole my capo.
- Amazingly Cheap, price lower now than even 3 years ago.

3648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bought Daddarios and the guitar sounded awful....read another review on Daddario and the phos/bronze coated is not for a strumming dreadnought guitar which the dealer put on and said was the best.....anything for a sale...yuck...knew it...Martin and martin Marquis is all you need...the bonze sound from an inexpensive string bought on amazon brought the sound back on a 12 string.......dealers don't carry the inexpensive string that works.....please buy here and get your sound back with just plain bronze from MARTIN.........don't forget not to custom your guitar starting with these.....restring with large string on top and custom with bronze on the bass strings....
9606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although I see reviews for using these as tom heads, I bought this as a snare head.  I have a DW 14x7 steel snare and although I love it, it does need some taming.  In particular, I really wanted a sound low enough to get some thump but tense enough to get some good rebound.  This head really did the trick.
9049	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	kurt cobain used these picks and i do too.
3642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings ...fast shipping what more do you want....
These are perfect for what I like to call "picking the strings of a guitar."  They are made in the USA (USA! USA! USA!) and are made from ultex, which is similar to elephant ivory but from a rhinoceros which I found out after seeing the image on the pick.
Pros:  Nice Length
8509	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Yes they are good for strumming, you're just not going to get much volume. Hard to believe they can make them this thin and maintain that Dunlop durability but they do. I'll use these for my 12 string acoustic but not without amplification. Just not thick enough for good solid sound. I wouldn't think of using these on an electric, and using them on a bass is out of the question.
1653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made. Works excellently. Timely arrival.
ONe problem I had was getting the fattest string to stay in the saddle.  I'm going to have to widen the slot in the saddle to get the string to stay in.  It'll stay in for awhile, but when you're playing, it sometimes pops out.


2818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These headphone are simply amazing.  I am so crazy about them.  I have been using them to listen to movies and music on my laptop and I get completely immersed in what is playing.  The sounds are all well defined and crystal clear.  AKG is one of the best brands out there and these don't disappoint. I am not even concerned that these are under $100 and not $500-$1000 headphones.  These sound far better than the price they are sold at. At the price these are you aren't going to find a better set of headphones, period.
Light #1 doesn't do ANYTHING.  Not a single flash...  (and YES, I did try changing the bulbs out)
Here is a helpful key chart. Don't make the mistake of purchasing a harp in the key of E if a song is in the key of E (you actually want to buy a A Key for a song played in E).

You do have to make sure that the pins stay relatively clean so the ball bearings can move in and out and you need to make sure that you insert the strap pin all the way into the button, but it works really well.
4730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really nice capo.
8114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the colors in this guitar strap.  They are bright and make me come alive when I play my guitar.  Very comfortable strap to wear.
678	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have to say, this is a very good cable.  I plugged this to my Behringer Microphone and use it for interviews.  Sound is crystal clear and there is no ground, static or noise.  It makes good contact with the mic.  It is a real bargain!
8350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted!
2199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ahh!  At last no IGD aka Inner Groove Distortion.  I kicked a Ortofon 2M Red to the curb because it seemed like the last 5 minutes of most EP/LP's were too distorted to enjoy.

Good Volume

8054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a seasoned jazz alto player, been playing for over 30 years-- Tried many brands and strengths of reeds, and this V16/#2.5 seems to be the one most easy to live with.  When I was younger, like many of my peers, I'd play #4 reeds and brag about it-- When you get older you realize that you don't need lips of steel (nor do you need reeds as thick as surfboards) to play good music.  So I settled into 2.5's and these play nicely, with good tone and the quality is pretty consistent from reed to reed -- If not, I just shave them down as needed.  A good reed for the seasoned player who is confident enough that he doesn't need to prove anything.

Manual completely fails to explain how the controls work (seems standard for all Les Pauls)
4251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	fits comfortably.  Make sure you choose the right side for which ever finger you will be using.
601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to connect MIDI controller to a synth, both are on a double tier keyboard stand.  Just perfect length.  Outstanding quality, solid, no lag cable.  Reasonable price too.  Love MIDI cable on the tough response over USB cable since MIDI cable does not have the lag that I always hate on USB cable.
8989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I only buy Dunlop tortex picks, these are perfect. I usually use .73 mm yellow's but moved up a gauge to these. Great.
6927	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect tool.

9498	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Looks cool.. but awkward it is upside down compared to the jim dunlop which I find much easier to use
625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This Fender 10' red guitar lead is stylish and relatively noise-free. I have had no real issues with mine, but do want to note my one reservation about the cable: the end connectors come loose rather easily, and I strongly recommend that you check that they're tight before playing. Though few professionals would choose this cable, it's totally adequate for my purposes practicing at home with a small amp. For the cost the looks can't be beat and it does come with a limited lifetime warrantee from Fender.
2257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use these for karaoke and at the price, it's worth going cheap and replacing them every 6 months or so once enough people have slammed them on the floor. The XLR cords could be sturdier, but they're so cheap it doesn't really matter.
824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everthing ok
Pros: -It's a beautiful looking instrument. The vintage sunburst on the body looks great and so does the distinctive Thunderbird logo. The 'reverse' body gives it a radical, eye-catching look.
Guitar, Acoustic (good)
The overall sound of the M44G is just fantastic! The highs are pronounced and clear and the bass defined and boomey. I thought it unfair to directly compare it to the sound of my M97xE as it has seen more use and the needle is no longer new. Plus, I use it the M97xE with the brush down which can impact audio quality a bit. Really, a direct comparison is a bit silly anyway as the M44G is for DJing first. If you just want to listen to records, I would consider something else.
1376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't figure out why my studio monitors were so noisy with a constant buzz, was even thinking of returning them or having them repaired. It turned out to be because I was connecting them to my audio interface with unbalanced 1/4" TR to XLR microphone cables. Using this adaptor with a standard xlr cable and a female to female barrel connector on the other end, I was able to eliminate the noise. Now they sound the way they should. (silent when nothing is playing)
104	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've had this recorder for 5 years and - don't get me wrong - there are awesome things about it!  First, it's nearly indestructible (and trust me, between me, the kids, and various pets we have tried to destroy this).  Secondly, you can indeed get very nice music out of it.  Not talking "Mary Had a Little Lamb" music but decent tunes with trills, etc. -  the experience of the player is what matters.  Third,  I like not having to mess around with the "playing in" requirements of nicer wooden instruments.  I can throw this recorder in a basket for weeks on end and then play it for as long as I want to play it without having to worry about it being humidified properly.  HOWEVER, the tuning of this instrument is frankly a little bit luck of the draw.  My recorder runs flat at the higher register (starting with high C and getting flatter as it goes). My daughter's Yamaha runs sharp in about the same area.  The tuning issue honestly isn't very noticeable if we're playing by ourselves, but is pretty awful sounding when we play together.  Now if you're really into ensemble work, you buy a nice wooden instrument and make sure the shop checks and fixes the tuning before you take it home. This is a mass produced recorder and - if you're buying it online - you get what you get. That said, it really is decent for the price and once you (or your kid) gets the hang of it, you can blow a little harder or softer to correct the majority of manufacturer imprecisions.
4070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this pop filter works great .it was just what i wanted.thank you.i would buy this pop filter again
UPDATE: I'm happy to report that the Gator cover has met my expectations on all counts and seems to have cat repellent qualities which makes me very happy. I have discovered that I can stretch the cover over the instrument without removing the music stand and have _almost_ total coverage. The back side of the keyboard is visible with two small area open areas on either side of the music stand. However, the speakers, all the little dials and buttons, as well as the keys are concealed (and protected). The "tent" created by the music stand is (so far) not a cat magnet as my keyboard sits against a wall.
2914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Another Shure stuff. Perfect.

3655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised, gave this 4 stars due to price for just one pick holder. Bought two 5 pack (Alice) pick holders for less money than this one.
2438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's a reason the Shure SM57 is an industry standard.  Useful in a broad range of applications, you just can't go wrong using this on guitar cabs, horns, drums, congas, whatever.  Best for live situations, although they can be useful in the studio, too.  They're still built like tanks.  Sure, there are "better" mics.  But bang for buck, you can't do better than a 57.
7103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to, and has a good weight to it. I feel like I might modify it at some point to have a more rounded edge on one end, but for now I'm happy with the purchase.
6066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice case, comparable in quality to the late 2000's Fender American strat cases..
5407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
The thing is, even though I could get 1000 tones out of it, I never managed to get my tone. Which is something I found later when I took a more simple approach. If you are at the same point and you are hesitating. Go to your guitar shop and try out many pedals. Maybe you will find the 2 or 3 pedals that really suit you.
  Oh i have tried Remo's, and Aquarian,etc. Over the years i have tried a bunch.
8807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am sooo hard on picks and I have been using these for many many years. A lot of other picks end up cracking on me but these ones never have, I have a couple worn down to the size of a penny and they are still not broken.
5870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Tascam 2488 multitrack recorder as a punch-in pedal.  Works perfectly, I don't know how I operated without it!
My only complaint is that I wish "velocity" could influence pitch.  Maybe it can but I have not figured that out.
9595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion, these are the best heads on the planet. They give you that deep fat sound without a lot of ring. They are simple to tune up and I have found them to be very durable. I'm hooked and will be buying these forever.
444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does the job. Proper length, quality is good.
3571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it.  The sound is big.  It has plenty of adjustments and you can play your heart out.  It's pretty too.
6505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These sticks will last forever. They don't wittle away and are the perfect weight and length for any genre of drumming. They even make the cymbals and drums sound better when you hit with these sticks. My band plays 2 times a month plus rehearsals and they last 6 months easily. You will love these sticks!

4780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits a DGX-650 piano even with the music rest on. The cover fits snuggling around the sides and partially underneath as well. The black makes an interesting background for dust and pet dander, if I forget it off every three days. This is a must for children and pets.
9745	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
So because of the issues with the rails, this only gets 4 stars.  I'm happy with my purchase, but I'm not happy with the quality control of this unit.  Thankfully, for how I will be using this, it doesn't affect me, but your mileage may vary.
6699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very heavy duty.  Good clamps
6287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as needed
5969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice sound, and can produce a wide range of sounds for a good price. It's a must have for any guitarist looking to build a pedalboard.

4010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have one I've been using on my guitars for many years. Finally got one for the banjo too. They're the best constructed, best fit, easiest to use of any capos I've ever used - and they last forever.
3792	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, thanks.

2757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	well made and the perfect length for my needs. the shielding was great as well. the end connectors were well made and strong.
7780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I needed a replacement for the G string because it snapped, so I just got the whole pack just in case. After replacing it, it made a beautiful tone and it felt like a very high quality string. Then it snapped 2 weeks later, but it was my fault because I should've put granite on the top nut.
Highly recommended.
My attack is brutal, and this pick can last a good 2 weeks for me.
the 1.5 foot cable is very short but that is what I wanted.
It's a Shure, whether or not you think their reputation is deserved, it really is a high quality piece of equipment. The thing is rock solid. Durability will be a non-issue for me.

7922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent reed. Easy to play.

1890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Picked up a cable to test on my new pedalboard, and I couldn't be happier. Doesn't suck tone, cables are sturdy, and they sound great. This replaced a normal straight 1/4 inch cable and saves so much space on my board.
7492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pickup, combined with the Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. you will have an excellent experience.  Even the pick up by itself into a quality amp will make you happy.
1296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I gave it only four stars for now because amazon is nagging me to do a review and I'm not done testing it yet. But it does seem to work fine, and the construction is high quality for the price. I run it from the stereo headphone/aux output of my yamaha pss-380 keyboard synthesizer into a dbx go-rack processor which feeds into a crown xls1002 class D power amp and two pair of andrew jones design pioneer speakers.....yeah.....it sounds awesome!  I'll probably come back later and give it five stars...lol.
I have other pedals in my pedal board, and this is one of my favorite. If I lost it, I would buy it right away. I like it better than the BOSS DS-1, for example ... BTW ... you play this on a clean amp, although I have a good Marshall with two channels, I play my amp clean and use pedals to color my tone.
3426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality strings at a good price! Will purchase again when I need strings.

I specifically wanted to add this particular DS-1 pedal to my pedal board because Joe Satriani and Tom Morello, two players I am into a lot lately, use them (or have used them in the past), and I am getting exactly what I was looking for.
2963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	work good
5089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo on the market. You can't go wrong buying this capo.
2062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Whistle has a good tone.  Left in a warm location (not hot) and mouthpiece loosened and twisted slightly making tight fingering nearly impossible.  Rewarmed and straightened.  Back to normal.
1288	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
Why are there preset patterns in the user pattern???  Conceptually, this doesn't make sense.

5242	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Would not stay plugged in to the back of my Taylor, and couldn't figure out why. Just could not get a secure plug in connection.
8298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
I would highly recommend--top notch brand!
Its generous tracking ability and freedom from sibilance is a virtue shared with several competitors also.
4825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strap lock system. Work as designed.

1146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do....decent quality for the price.
7910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Helped me tame the sub for our home theater.
Depending on the setting, your riffs are gonna sound fat(in a good way) or obese(if u turn up the knob fully). This is also useful for having a screaming metal lead tone with high freqs while also having a fat body. U can get fairly decent sound with a solid state amp but remember that this pedal sounds all out modern metal. its never going to sound like classic rock or classic marshall.
4438	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product and quick shipment - thank you!
I also own an older 80's HM-2 Heavy Metal which will run circles around the metal zone for classic thrash and speed metal tones and almost any other heavy distortion pedal that I could never part with, overall i like this pedal, but it cannot top the older legendary Boss pedals.
4867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great value
511	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price good selection. Fast delivery as always.
2513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Rock solid trouper in the kingdom of mics!!
4519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice strings - great sound
Bottom line: There are a lot of great overdrive pedals out there in today's market.  If you want to pay $100+ for a Fulltone, Wampler, or even a Klon, those are very nice pedals.  But if you think the less-than-$100 OD-3 can't hang with those, you're kidding yourself.  Try it out - you might like it better than you think!
2167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are spinning vinyl there is no better needle on the market than this, no wonder all the top DJ use them, Great tracking, sound and durability.
2594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a practice amp to play in my room. What a Great buy!! crispy and clear sound. This little guy does the job. Beatiful design. You can't go wrong with it.
823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product.  Very Pleased.

2455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone. I wasn't sure if I would like this or the Shure BETA 58A more, so I bought them both. I have no complaints with either mic. I use them both. I tend to use this one more for vocals, but I wouldn't be opposed to using it for recording instruments as well. I just needed to make a choice which would be used for what in my studio since I didn't wanna be unhooking and moving things around. I like things to be setup and ready to use. If you need a good quality mic, get it.
4050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
1010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid durable cable with decent quality connectors.

6275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had settled on the .88 green Tortex picks for years but recently decided to try Ultex. These have a bit brighter sound  to my ear than the Tortex, which seem to dampen the notes more when I compare them. I find the .73s good for single notes and strumming alike.

Update #3- It's July 2011 and I still have both of them.  I have forgotten they are on there for days at a time and they still show no permanent gouges.  I use these as part of my daily playing experience. Awesome product!
Don't buy a mic clip if you need one... this mic has one in the box.
7903	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say...I was not expecting much replacing old Dominants but was happily surprised.

6053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	if you can't afford a Gibson, this is the next best thing. The strings are horrible, but that's typical from a factory bass. It looks and feels great, the mahogany wood is beautiful. It looks painted, but it's a translucent coating that shows the wood. Very nice quality for the money.
4800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Wish it came with instructions. But it wasn't hard to figure out.
8714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The little zippered pouches that come with most mics are nice, but offer little protection from anything but dust. The core of this case is simple stiff foam with five holes that go from top to (nearly) bottom. Four of the holes are round, the perfect size for a 57 or 58. There's a fifth cavity which you can use for small accessories, or another fifth microphone. If you're using a square mic like a e609 or e906 that'll fit in there nicely as well.
Highly Recommended!
7334	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I've had an SR-16 for years.  Loved it; used it regularly.  I loved it so much, I started writing Alesis about 10 years ago, asking them to update the sounds to 16-bit.  I bought the SR-18 the day it came out.  Now I'm going to Ebay it.

865	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This seems to be a well made cable. I just ordered another one.

Intonation required no adjustment.
classic!
7050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pick has decent grip and is almost equivalent to a heavy pick (thickness).
The Kyser Capo itself is a great Capo with just one major flaw which depending on how you look at it can be a major flaw or a minor flaw. The problem is the adjustability of the tension. There are YouTube videos out there from Kyser themselves explaining how you can actually been this into adjustability that you can work with. The problem is it doesn't exactly work is easily as they say it does. They are absolutely wonderful to deal with and they actually replaced an older capo for me free of charge. They claim that the older materials were not conducive to flexibility so they took it upon themselves to offer me a newer model. I appreciated that so much by that company that I ordered this one on Amazon just to show my support. Unfortunately it is still extremely difficult to pin this item to the desire tension that you needed for various guitar. Again I feel it is in either minor or major flaw depending on how many times you use it how many different guitars you use with it and so on. Myself, find this to be a minor flaw which is why I feel it gets an outstanding four star review. Of course with this one drawback it prevents me from giving it that final V Star which I allocate for absolutely perfect products that work flawlessly for me.
These and the Squire brand guitars are a great positive gateway instrument that brings life-long appreciation for music and craftsmanship. They can be a springboard toward learning electronics, circuit design and even some computing basics.
2691	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Work as designed
Reid V.i. P. Brown aka DJ V.i. P.
2832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome headphones.
I have both the Zoom 223 and this and i feel the Zoom tr-223 to be more a Toy compared to the sr-18....but the Zoom can come back to previous patterns once shut off...Zoom has a little better sounding bass, but ill record my own real sounding bass ....both can be used in your studio
Can't go Wrong.


6395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lovely sound, easy to play, and great price. I'd buy this one again in a minute. I wasted my money on a fake woodgrain one and this is so much better. I'm never going back to plastic.
2471	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Los Mejores para instrumentos.
4853	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product.  Works well.
7981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked great .  . .

4106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ProMark is the standard for drum sticks. I have changed from 5B's to 7A's over the years and these have given me better stick control. 747's are great too.
9891	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This capo, not only sounds good, but looks good. I have had a first act capo for a while, and I finally decided to up a bit more money in and get a Kyser. My other capo would make the 6th string buzz, i would adjust it, and the 1st string would buzz. This is not an an issue with this. It fits all of my guitars perfectly and I receive a lot of compliments for its cool color. Stop reading this and go order it!!!
4863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good

1944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The AT92e cartridge tracks and sounds MUCH better than it should for this price.  The sound is a bit on the bright side, which will match well with systems that sound slightly dull. Tracks very well, with minimal tracing distortion.  Separation is better than expected with proper set-up.
8202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described
8432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bargain price for Dunlop Picks I have been using them for years and never found a better price
I found that the neck on the LP Jr. is slightly smaller and  a little easier to play. (at least for my smallish hands)
6800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent pick, but I wish they also made a .50mm version.
6325	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hands down the best picks that I have ever come into contact with. I own the .90 sharps, the 1.0, and 1.14 picks and they are all that I play with now. I have been playing for around ten years and I tend to pick up a pack of picks every time I go to a music store or order any gear online at all. So, I got my hands on one of these at a music store a while back, and went back to find that they no longer had them in stock. Luckily I was able to find them in stock in all thicknesses and shapes on amazon. These picks will never fly out of your hand. I have a terrible problem with my hands sweating, especially when I play guitar. This causes me to lose grip on picks quite often, and these have solved all of my problems. The more I sweat, the better these seam to stick to my fingers. Not to mention that they never wear down, and they glide through your strings like a hot knife through butter. They never seem to snag on the strings, the ultex material is truly the perfect material for a guitar pick.
9141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the only picks I use.  So that says a lot!!
4778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this on a Native Instruments Komplete Kontrol controller and it works great. A bit big, but the adjustable elastic perimeter cord takes care of that.
720	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The ends of the midi cable look and feel like quality. Connection is secure, no worries about uneven connections, it also detaches without a hitch. Highly recommended.

9736	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It feels great, good quality and very comfortable
nickel.
3049	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works wonderfully
1830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these once before. Came back to them again. Cheap in price not in quality. Can't ask for anything more than that!
While I tried to create new patterns and a song, I keep losing what I just programmed.  This was because I was not using SAVE/COPY button correctly (it works just like SAVE or SAVE AS in MS-WORD).  What I still don't know is how to know which pad to push to delete a certain sound unless it is an obvious one like a bass drum.  If I hear something I don't like (say, one of the percussion drums or bass notes), I don't know the name of the instrument or the notes and I wouldn't know which pad to push to delete it.  I have to push pads randomly to find out what it is and I think it gets confusing.  I'm hoping to find an answer to this question on the community forum.  I rated this product originally with three stars, but I added one more star to be fair.  I was able to figure this all out in a matter of couple of hours when I really really tried to read the manual and felt determined.  I am a bit surprised because I almost gave up on this machine.
1749	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Packaging has been damaged, cable was not quality, have not heard one side, did not have the proper sound, this is a very bad cable.
3933	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use it as a ukulele capo.  Well worth the money!
799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Item as described
5465	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love you Ernie Ball, you are the one true great string in the land full of gimmicks, tinctures, potions and tonics!
2141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	** Updated 4/2/2016 **
5948	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this capo over all the others. Works well and it can be clipped right on the headstock
4718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo out there.
5364	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product. A work-around for the main issue follows the review. The flaws that bother me in order of significance are:
8381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these for playing metal on bass and I love them. I think they've helped me pick faster and more comfortably.
3569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My axes
6394	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like this pick.  You can't see it in the picture, but it's actually transparent yellow.
7538	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product and quick shipment - thank you!


9872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used them for years!  They wear out before they break.  We play 2 hours almost every day and each pick will last 3 months.
7860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works
If you knew me well you'd know that I thrash my guitar...a lot...  Even the thickest picks would wear down on me within a week, and most of them were too slick to stay in my sweaty hand during these crash and burn guitar playing moments.  I came to realize that I needed a heavy duty pick with a good grip that would retain it's shape for at least a couple of weeks.
1639	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This converts an xlr signal (for me, a Shure SM57 mic) into a 1/4 male (I run it into a guitar pedalboard and then an amp).  Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that.  Could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall.
979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Works amazingly.
9312	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I received this guitar and it was set up and ready to play. The action was set perfect for my liking. Plays great, beautiful finish, and to the best of my knowledge it seems to be a great value. Hard for me to believe you can get something thing this
7409	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased these awhile ago, just put them on, the 4th and 6 BOTH broke! I have restrung my guitar many times. NEVER had this happen.
5058	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These were a bit fatter/thicker than I thought they would be, which makes them a little more noticeable.  I have since seen some slimmer designs, but being wider should be a good thing for keeping the strap in place. They operate very well, have a nice finish and are quite sturdy.
4454	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazing sound & tone; fast shipping
8813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I typically stick with fingerstyle when playing bass, but for the punchy punk tone I was going for, I required some sturdy picks.  I got a set of purple ones and they're definitely thick and rugged.  They have a good grip, so even sweaty fingers won't lose them.  I would recommend these for anyone who is going for a more "pick" sound for their playing, because these have a very strong plinky sound because of the hard plastic material and thickness.

4488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings

It was time for the big selling vocal microphones to get an upgrade and the popularity of neo-d was something that the manufacturer's could market.
I have 4 favorite settings so far!
9052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Always good capos. Fastest to change.
497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It looks really nice. It's one of the best MIDI cable I have ever seem.
+++ a day later ... I am liking it better ... and I will explain at the end +++

6644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play for my college jazz ensemble and in a jazz setting the guitar volume is important. During the song, i have it at low volume as my professer hates guitarists who drown the whole band with high volume, as the guitar is made to blend in with the band. and when its time for me to take a solo i step on this baby so i cut through the mix and it does the job well. It does what its made to do. My favorite volume pedal because its nicely priced, simple and easy to use, heavy and rugged, doesn't need pots (my friend's dunlop volume pedal had a bad pot and cost half the price of the pedal to fix) and more importantly imo, is thr fact that is American made. Dont drink the koolaid on spending over a hundred bucks  for a "decked out with many features" pedal.
8668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
3112	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little buy. I use it to combine my Mac, windows, and phone audio to a single output, and it's perfect
9068	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pick-up has the distinction of being articulate with great definition. It is awesome when played clean and after you drop some over-drive on this thing, it's like guitar heaven. You get that great classic rock guitar sound, or just an all around sweet crunch associated with great rock tunes of the past and present.
3091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good coverage because of its directional pattern. Reasonably clean recordings.
6221	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very sturdy picks but also very hard to hold on to as the surface of these picks have no grip at all.
difficult for beginner to learn the basics.
1238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Hosa cables are always a good choice. Never been disappointed.
Metronomes should click..
115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great!! they're durable and they do the job! no complaints here!! The instructions it comes with can be a little confusing but all you have to do is google "playing a recorder" and you'll find a plethora of info.
in 8s (Ultra Light) all the way to 13s (Heavy). So take your pick, try some of these strings and
7406	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These were purchased for my sons guitar. He loves them. I plan on buying him another set of them for Christmas.


7849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just got this for Christmas (2015) and can't stop using it...don't know why I never checked this pedal out before...it's hands down the easiest chorus stomp box ever made...one knob and one switch...dial it in and off you go...it's true that the power supply is a strange mini plug that you have to buy (if you're like me and hate batteries) but (and I don't say this often...if ever) I like this pedal so much that I'm willing to run the Small Clone power adapter (9DC-100) as a stand alone even though all my other pedals plug into my 9v power block...it's a fairly large footprint so some of you may need to make room on smaller boards...overall this chorus pedal is well made (although opening the battery lid took some effort) and sounds amazing...AND IT'S SO EASY TO USE!!!
I gring and dig extemeley hard whan I pick.
9225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pack of Green Tortex picks... same consistent quality for decades,,,,
8501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have always been a white Fender medium, kind of guy but these are fine.  Very close but just a little more plastic.
1354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with the cable.  No issues at all.  While some people brag about their high dollar cables, actual testing just doesn't seem to support the need for it.  Most people's ears just aren't that good.  IMHO
If you're getting this to use on-stage/in-concert -- or even in practice, where you & bandmates are picking your horns up, putting them back down and groping around a lot for mutes -- then get the 4-legged variety for max stability.

2645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant and classic.  This simply works well, and you'll find these everywhere.  There are better, there are microphones that speak to a particular sound - this one simply does the job effectively and well and without blocking or distorting sound.
7607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	really too tight with a very heavy spring
The wire on this thing is *not* 1 foot long. the actual wire is under 8" long itself. I would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle... I'd have rated it 1 star, but I tried it on my Nikon D3200 (Shoe mounted Shotgun Mike) and it worked out ok. Still a tight fit though (since there's only 8" of wire)...
6762	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice attack.. just enough flex.. great sound
Enjoy.
8280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? Easy to tune, great sound, affordable. These are just great. I haven't compared them to any Remo products yet, but I can't imagine any other drum head in existence being much better than these. These heads offer a very long sustain if you tune them that way... My floor tom sings for a good 10 seconds with Evan reso's. Great heads. Wondering if you should buy them? You should!
3. If the foam can absorb some frequencies & reduces the amount of sound being transferred from the foam to whatever material behind it then isn't having some sound-absorbing abilities also the same as having some soundproofing abilities?
9828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best pick available
8337	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with this standard Kyser capo.  I use it every week at least once and never have a problem.  It's easy to put on one-handed.  I attache it to the end of my guitar when not in use.  It works beautifully.  I have bought many knock-offs over the years - especially for students who are just learning and don't want to spend much money on stuff.  I always come back to the Kyser.
9938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice set of strings. I would get them again.
This is a keeper and a great bending harp. If you want an all purpose workhorse, you might want to cut your teeth on the Special 20 and then decide if blues (Blues Harp) or folk (Golden Melody) is more for you. The Blues Harp is easier to play when I'm not playing single notes (dare I say it doesn't hurt as much).
9307	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased these Gibson Ventage Re-issue Guitar Strings based on a referral from my local music store guitar tech. I'm playing the Gibson Jeff Tweedy Signature SG. It came, of course, with new strings. I saw these Giboson strings and thought, what the heck, I'll give 'em a try. As soon as it was stung-up and tuned, I plugged in, and WHOA!,  I couldn't believe the difference in sound and tone. Now, you hear every note as clear and clean, or as distorted as you desire. I also own a Fender Jazzmaster, and as soon as I can, those strings are going on that guitar as well. Not much money for these strings; but man, what a world of difference in playability of the instrument!
None of these are deal breakers, just things I find annoying. Overall I have to say I prefer my VOX mini 3.
8102	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have played guitar for many years, and these picks are my favorite.  I was glad to get so many at a good price.
118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great 3 piece recorder that sounds great when played right :) I know you have all heard the screeches the kids can make with these!
2541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great little uke kit. Easy to build and fun.
2419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It's a great mic to have, but one problem I had with it, when I only had it one time, is when it was picking up a baseball game over the radio. I don't have to same problem, but it was very weird when it happened. All in all, great mic to have.

1658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works like it is suppose to. Looks like a quality cable.
8632	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop Nylon Standard Picks are a great buy on Amazon and they are delivered to your home.
5344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These lock the guitar strap securly but stand a little high off the guitar body. They are solid and detach easily when you want to remove the strap.

1. This label is Rights Reserved, like on the real one.
- Nice aesthetics
8430	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks for electric guitar and the .60 for acoustic.  All the others were a waste of money.
Would be nice to know it's length, not merely its weight...
4504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best straplocks available. Period.

7915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Guitar sounded great with these extra light strings.  Will use again.  Glad I made this purchase.  Price was great compared to local music store also.
997	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	never used it, but looked like a solid cable.
1442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have slowly been moving from off-brands and even some names brands over to Hosa products. This is ma very well made instrument cable. Flexible. Solid. Tight fitting.
5431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
4466	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This is a simple product and fairly easy to setup/use.
9998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!


2229	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	RETURNED ALSO WITH KEY BOARD

I have this installed in a Squier Hello Kitty strat. It comes with instructions and installation is pretty easy, as long as you have a soldering iron. You'll definitely want a 500k pot because it's a dark toned humbucker.
This cable is a BALANCED cable.  It is designed for Balanced XLR microphones (pretty much any professional microphone) to connect to a camera or device that uses a BALANCED 1/8" TRS microphone input jack.  It is wired Pin 1 to Sleeve, Pin 2 to tip, and Pin 3 to Ring.  Again, it should not be used for anything with a stereo input on a 1/8" TRS jack.
9069	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Replaced the stock INF3 in an Ibanez RG4EXQM1, and it seems to be an improvement. Better/extended top end and clarity. Output might be a bit stronger, but I'll get that evened out once I have everything else settled.
9034	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good flexible pics for being medium
7493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work fine without any issues whatsoever with the right price.
4008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in great shape. Good guitar for the price.
- Price.  Just fantastic value.

7554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best legit reeds around.
EDIT: Also it's no substitute for an overdrive - newer guitar players make sure you're familiar with the differences...I've seen tons of kids buying one when they really want the other. Overdrives are generally used to push a tube amp for a boost or so, distortions you can use for either but has a different function. If you're playing through a cheaper solid state amp and looking for a metal sound, this is probably more for you. I do bust it out in front of the Marshall occasionally for a specific sound with Cult of Personality and some other things.
5335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have always been weary of putting new screws into any instrument. This didn't end up being a problem for me because the supplied screws were the exact same size as the ones that were already in my Dean bass. The installation was pretty straightforward, just be careful that you don't use a screwdriver with too wide of a shaft. It would have been nice if the instructions had suggested easier tools for getting on the retaining clip.
from a live sound engineer's perspective, than the popular,
As nice as any pedal twicecas expensive, so great value.

6561	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I play hard and the oak seem to hold up well. The Neil Pert sticks are  a little long for my choice. Other than that a very good choice.
I use it only with a battery because I never purchased the charger. (I put a picture under neath from the different models that can be used).
5150	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality.. but I have consistent problems with it falling out of gtrs while other plugs don't...
3493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Using these for a Trembita 218 "Kobza", I've found that the sound is a little too bright.
5213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I replaced the Schaller strap locks on my Strat with these. The Schaller ones ground on the connecting hardware to the point where I had to oil them a few times a month or I'd end up with an audible creak.
8581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice, floppy pics for people like me that can't hang on to them very well.  Sound especially good with a 12 string guitar.  The "slapping" sound of the pick can be annoying, but... ?  Otherwise, these are pretty much indestructable picks and will last a long, long, time.  Unless you drop them, like I do!
6752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	At <$20, this is a great bargain, but it is a very basic bag. It fits my Les Paul Standard snugly and has back straps for easy carrying. These are also easily removed if they bother you. This Epiphone gigbag also has a zippered pocket for accessories (holds a strap, patch cord, but not much else) and features nice looking graphics.
8267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very thin picks, great for strumming with no effort. I used these recently for a televised program, and they were great.
4810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice capo.
125	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This recorder is  good balance of quality and price. The color makes it look more like an instrument than a toy. It seems to have less moisture problems than the clear candy colored sopranos.  This instrument is easy to clean with  a mild non bacterial, non hand creme dish liquid or in the dish washer with the 3 parts all standing up on pegs.
The nylon on the filter is double-wide, meaning that each side has a layer of the filter. The space between the nylon is the same as that of the thickness of the ring (about an inch).
7404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like these strings on my Seagull.  They aren't too bright, but could be a bit bassier.  I'm still trying new strings looking for the right sound for me, latest I've gotten are the coated Martins.  They are also a tad thin sounding.  I had some strings at one time that were more full sounding, can't remember what they were!  So, I'm searching.
9939	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
8499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks! Not too sure of how to review such a thing, as most aspects of their design and use are quite subjective, but objectively speaking, these are well constructed- consistent from one to the next. They are well packaged in an easy to open bag, and they were shipped quickly.
Also, while this unit boasts front and rear rails (which it has), I found that one of the four rails was very poorly drilled.  I actually cannot put screws in about 75% of the positions on one of the rear rails because there is no threading.  Thankfully, the only thing I have to mount on the back was a 1U patchbay, and after rotating the bad rail, I was able to install it successfully.  You might also notice the rails look like a drunk 17 year old drilled the holes.  Once equipment is in place, it's fine, but its a little off-putting at first.  You could always upgrade the rails if you so desire, but if you can get everything mounted, it doesn't really matter.

2591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've only ever owned Marshall amps. I absolutely LOVE this little guy. It's more powerful than I actually need. The sound is incredibly crisp. The size is super convenient for moving around, or setting on top of things. It's not cumbersome, or overly heavy. The sound is great. There are some good options. I don't use a distortion setting, or pedal. That being said, the built-in distortion/overdrive setting is pretty damn good.
Best pick ever. Wish they sold the kirk hammet version of this.

5739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super sturdy and large!
6743	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Estos hi hats son geniales, el sonido es perfecto, tienen un excelente acabado. Anteriormente tena unos sabian y definitivamente Zildjian tiene los mejores platos de todos. Les aconsejo comprar todo el juego A custom, esta serie es la mejor de todas en especial para personas que tocan Rock, Funk, Pop y Metal, para aquellos que tocan Jazz recomiendo los K custom.

4172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
89	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really nice mic. I've got many great recordings from it. Battery lasts forever, especially if you remember to turn the mic off when not in use, but even if you don't!
The windscreen is good for now, but I definitely see myself picking up a cheap screen here on Amazon in the next couple months. I tried out whistling into it (you know, for scientific purposes) and when I got up close the screen wasn't good enough to stop the blowiness. Stupid test, but the point is the windscreen doesn't stop it all. "P's" and "B's" were kept at bay for the most part though.

6909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works on the wide neck of my classical guitar. I also use it on my steel string guitar. Clamps the strings down tightly. Very pleased.

3155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these at guitar center when I bought my Ovation. I absolutely love it! The top extends really far. I can hang any of my guitars from it, from an extra long necked bass to a junior guitar for a kid, It has slots for picks on the sides of the top with the locking strap. One couldn't ask for a better guitar stand. I'm planning on buying another one soon!

3850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it's THE standard in wah pedals, used by many artists from David Gilmour (Pink Floyd), Hendrix, Dave Navarro (Jane's Addiction) and many more to name, if you don't own one, you are missing out!
3560	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good strings with a great sound and a good price.  Just very good.  I recommend to any people
8814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just bought a 6 pack of these picks. All i got to say is that they are probably the most compfortable pick I've ever used!

1087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	still in use 1 year later
I may be getting older but Martin keeps me rockin'!

4432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	work great
1185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
2646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!

2915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shure sound and build quality.  Great mic.
I still like the Jazz III better, but the Ultex is good.
5619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Visually this capo bothers me (the clear-ish bit of plastic protecting the back of the neck is ugly), but it works perfectly. It is pretty solidly built, and I would definitely recommend this to a friend. I'd be interested to see how mine holds up to time, but I do have a friend who bought from this brand several years ago and it still works well. It seems like a pretty solid capo that does the job and is attractive other than that neck guard.
9770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Tried and true capo and design. Fits snugly on the guitar and allows for quick and easy adjustments up and down the neck.
3298	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A great microphone. I wish I had more chances to use it. This was a great deal and price, especially considering the case and holder clip were included!
A client I was recording had to remove the clip during the session to adjust his snare and tried to clip it back on himself, resulting in a snap in the curved part at the bottom of the photo. Guess the device is not as flexible as I thought! Not sure how much pressure he put on it but he must have been confused on how to attach to the drum. I decided not to buy a replacement since I have 3 On Stage DM50 clips that are sturdier metal.

So for those of you looking for it double as a recording microphone, because where you are recording has a high noise floor, it will work out well also. Being a studio owner, I suggest the quietest possible place to record and a low noise floor, but I know that it's not always possible. It will do a great job of rejecting other sound and focusing on what it's in front of.
8685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for picking speed but weak on strumming flexibility
5237	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best invention for the reed player since sliced bread.
4921	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just awesome
4892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice
5788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't have a 12-string guitar, but I bought the 12-string capo for my classical guitar, as the Kyser 6-string capo was inadequate, and could barely grasp all the strings above the 3rd fret. With this, I can capo pretty much all the way up the neck. I highly recommend this (and at the same time, I don't recommend the 6-string capo at all, for anyone).
7456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
5348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this capo.  I love the color as it seems to blend a little better than my black one.  It does the job quickly with little effort and is strong enough to hold firm without damaging the neck of my guitar.  That's a good thing.  Will buy this brand again in the future and recommend them to anyone.
The switch is well-made and looks like it will take quite a beating. The lever is fairly quiet (though not completely silent) with a switchpoint occurring about one-third of the way through downward travel.
2123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At First I Thought This Was Going To Be Too Heavy For My Audio-Technica AT-LP 120 But In Fact It Brought Out The Bass In My Recordings And Overall The Sound Quality Is So Much More Vibrant::: And So I Would Recommend This To All Who Are Looking For The Best Sound In Their Systems And So AUDIO-TECHNICA KNOCKS IT OUT OF THE BALL PARK AGAIN::: FIVE STARS!!!!!!
7968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for a Bari Sax player who is advanced and has out grown the Rico Royal band reed, very rich sound.
3513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	tried these again, but prefer the John Pearse over these.
5636	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very strong spring action and works well on a 12 string as expected

1384	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Solid cables
7637	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This is my first harmonica holder purchase and the first one I've actually used so I don't have much to compare it to. It seems to be well built but the ergonomics aren't quite right. I have a pretty average body type and I just can't get it into position where I can play comfortably. It's getting a lot less use than I expected. I would recommend looking for alternatives.
755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Thank You!
1285	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job and is inexpensive !!!
5809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was a very good bargain. It came in great shape and I've gotten several comments about how nice this case is. It easily fits in the overhead compartment on airplanes (Southwest 737s mostly). I highly recommend this case. It fits my Les Paul very snuggly, which I like.
7400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelent harp mic. Shure mics cant disappoint. Fair weight, size and comfort. mproved greatly my harps sound (suzuki bluesmaster). Totally recommend. Won't regret.

3514	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Makes my Teton 12-string sing!
3861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
3236	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have owned two of this model poles since the 90's.  They've been used and abused and NEVER have let me down.  Solid and dependable.  I've had everything on them from Large 93 lbs speakers, to full light grids, to contemporary active tops.  These rule.
9044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great protection for my SM57's and SM58's! I need to buy another one. Solid construction and even though the 57's don't have the ball like the 58's they're not bouncing around in the case. I was hesitant due to the cost, but once it arrived, I knew it was money well spent.
7133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Some lowlife stole my gig bag with all my slides and tools. Slowly replacing them with quality accessories. This bar slide qualifies as one of those.
2) The new handle sucks. Big time. It's not the nice bar of extruded aluminium, it's a cheesy nylon strap now with a thin strip of metal at each end where it slides in/out of the case. I keep a really heavy Fryette 2/90/2 tube guitar power amp in this rack and I'm not confident this handle is up to the task for the long haul.
2209	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this cable as a back-up to my long runs, but after a couple of gigs both connectors started to come apart. I've learned my lesson and will spend the extra money on better cables. Haven't bought Nady cables ever since.

9415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand. there's no better capo out there.
2114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My daughter loved this gift...not sure what she uses it for, but she enjoys having it in her room and playing it.
Second, the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. That means you would need another short XLR mic cable to extend from the mic to this adapter.
6905	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy these picks and got tired of buying a few at a time only to be wondering where they went.  The 72 pack has kept me well supplied.

At a cost of about 35% more, you just have to decide which vehicle you'd rather drive and which microphone you'd prefer your vocals coming from. I prefer the newer design, but a microphone is a tool that I've used for over 30 years to make a living.
  I like to give other guitar players a blind listening test by putting a pillow case over this pedal and letting them try it out while I dial in the tone they are after. They all go on and on about the transparency, the big bass, the gobs of sustain; but then when I remove the pillow case and show them that it's a BOSS pedal they have been hearing: they usually end up screaming, stomping up and down, wetting their pants, and dismissing it with something along the lines of "BOSS is just junk anyway!"
I have 2 Musician's Gear Les Paul cases that are more solid and about half the price. Musician's Gear is Guitar Center/Musician's Friend's store brand, but can be found here as well. It's possible I just got a bad Epiphone case, but if I had to buy a case for another Les Paul, I'd avoid this one.
780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a patch cable for running individual monitors in my home studio setup. They work perfectly and I haven't had any problems in over a year. If I need something similar in the future, I might get this again.
7212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the weight of this thing. The grip is really nice, too, and allows for a couple different holds.
7996	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My guitar doesn't feel complete without its friend, the capo.
5673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits my 12-strings guitar just right.
7543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GOOD
They improved the frequency curve. I've run sound at small clubs to outdoor concerts and you are always trying to get vocals to cut through the mix, without being completely on top of it. Just a little gain placed strategically in the high mids and the proper cut will accomplish this and Shure knew this.
Im giving the SR16 a rating of one star because, although a great sounding drum machine, it is useless if you cannot use it. The instructions barely bridge the gap between a great machine and a great useable machine. Unless you have plenty of undisturbed time, lots of patience, and undeterred to writing copious notes, I would not recommend this $150 machine for you.
5601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It works.

What I love is these are relatively thin (at .512 inches in diameter) and longer than the standard 7A stick. the additional length allows me to reach spots on my ride cymbal that are not comfortable with the slightly shorter 7A sticks.
8498	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Want to be a better player?  Get these! Do you want better tone? Better control? Faster chops?  Get these. These picks force you to hold the pick correctly and the small size and thick nylon make them perfect for playing quickly and with great tone.
6441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pickup can be heard on all songs on Greenday's Dookie album. JB in bridge of Strat thru Marshall stack. It rocks.
However, my daughter is using it and it is very stiff to press, so she is having hard time moving it around or removing it.
7812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. I love these. They're not to tough on your hands and they're not expensive. They also last quite awhile. All and all, great product. Very satisfied.
2886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought my first pair of these AKGs sometime from 1975 to 1978, and loved them.  Used them for about 15 years until they were damaged in a mishap.  I've had other 'phones since then, most notably the Nakamichi SP-7, but none I liked as much as that old pair from the past.  So when I saw that they were either still - or once again - available (and on sale) I had to get a pair especially since I'm using headphones a lot lately.  I just had to know whether they were as good as I recalled.
3709	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!
96	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product came in a very timely manner, excellent price through Amazon, and resolved a little confusion along way.  The product itself is very durable.  My last one lasted three years, and it was used three times a day, and did receive abuse from my autistic son, and survived. Not as light weight as others but strong and a good choice for my family and life style.
2822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My wife first used it on a karaoke system. The karaoke system already has small room reverb and echo built in. Microphone used was bluebird condenser and she was astonished by how good it sounded with a lot of volume and accurate sound. Although that's not what I've been hearing coming out of the speakers lol! I also used this on the Fender acoustasonic 15, (plugged concert guitar / MXR M300 Reverb) and (Blue Bird mic / TC Helicon Mic Mechanic 2) pedal I get excellent sound with a little tweaking. 4 stars being a workhorse studio phones, higher priced earphones are better if not best. But this is adequate for our needs.
8339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if you used a capo in the past then you know what you want. This delivers at a great price.
4773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for my 88 note keyboard.  I use it on an Roland RD800.  Likely it would be perfect for nearly all 88-note keys.  It would have to be one big keyboard for this to not stretch over it.  Very high quality material.

8653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Torres is the only pick I'll use. My fingers tend to sweat while playing.  I never lose my grip on these.
6732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This bag is light, with two back pack straps, a pocket for accessories, excellent quality material and a good quality zipper.  If you just need something lightweight to protect your instrument this is it.
6962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gosh this capo is flippin awesome. I used to have one of those screw ons but they were such a hassle. You can slap this puppy on in 3 seconds and you're good to go! Great product.
-The capo is faster at moving from one fret to the next. The other capos required tension changes really for any different fret, which means valuable time during a performance of you simply tightening a screw a little bit to get the perfect tightness.
Other wraps just don't last very long -- a few gigs, and they get lumpy, patchy -- the grip loses its proper spiral layering and needs to be replaced.  Some wraps -- typically the stuff on long rolls -- also leave a nasty black residue on the stick after you remove them.  Yuck.
1990	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This was a well built mic, for the way it feels to hold and sing into, but I don't like the frequency response.  It's not that I want more of the clarity you often don't get with a dynamic mic, but that I feel this mic makes me sound dead and lifeless, somehow, compared to the Shure 55sh, Shure 565SD, and Shure SM58, which are the other mics I own.  I have had very good Sennheiser mics for telephone use and am sad that I don't like this one as much as those.  Still, it looks like it can survive a drop, based on the weight and metal construction.
I love it!
8731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these because I wanted durable, flexible picks for easy strumming. I would recomend these to anyone that needs more stable strumming.
7351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are high quality cables, both construction wise and in audio quality.  I use these shorter cables if I have to run bits of my rack to external amps/units, ie: unplugging and plugging in a lot, and I find these cables stand up to more abuse than the average cable.  I'm satisfied.
8410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great pedal. Shipping was shotty. No manual manufacturer box just thrown i. There. Direct drive is different but has a good feel for an inexpensive pedal.
8401	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure how I was dealing without this. I don't have to mar up my guitar with double-sided tape anymore. It grips both the stand and the picks nice and tight. Releases picks easily and smoothly. The best thing is that it hasn't weakened in the time I've had it. I find it to be a quality product.
9318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS PRODUCT.
Fits a LP Studio perfectly, has room for small items in an outer zippered pocket. Does the Job !

9986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There really isn't much to say about these picks other than they hold up great, have a very natural feeling texture to them, and just sound great with a good set of strings.
Please do not waste your money.
5846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not as good as expected with the brand name printed on it. The first one was defective with one latch not working. Had to return it the second one came in alright. But did not match my expectation.
8798	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good drumheads.  Try 'em.
9487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks, I really like the feel of these. Going to buy again for sure.

No dedicated "exit" button.  It's easy to get buried in a menu and not quite know what mode the machine is in.  It would help to have a dedicated cancel or exit button that gets you completely out of whatever context you're in
1643	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	if splitting an xlr signal (mic or line) is your goal and you want to do it cheaply and simply then this is perfect. there are expensive pro devices that will supposedly do this more properly and efficiently but unless you're setting up a million dollar show or recording platinum albums this will do the trick just fine imo.

8533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have bought 2 of these.  The idea is great.  They stay on a mic stand great.  Also fit a guitar stand and a music stand.  It holds the pics very well.  They are easy to pull out.  Just requires 2 hands to put a pic in it.  One to push pick and one to hold the stand as you have to push it in.  I guess the idea is to hold the pick and make it easy to pull out when needed fast.  Perfect if you drop picks a lot.  There is a pick with a sand paper type grip -COOL- picks.  They also help the slippery fingers.

Arrived as promised in a frustration free packing. Also, make sure you buy a foam mic hood for the mic to save it from unwanted dirt and spit.
6618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do. Seems sturdy.
5084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was attempting to find a way to repair my strap pin by installing this in a somewhat backwards application. Please do not make that
6845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quick to clip on and off. Really... Is there anything else to say? What else do you want it to do?
6687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAA++++++++
There are a couple issues I have encountered. I have found that straplocks extend out just enough to stop my guitar and bass from fitting in the case. Of course that's easily remedied by taking of the strap (which is best to do anyways before packing up), but it's just one more step that can be annoying if you're in a hurry to pack up or get started. Also, I've found that they sometimes rattle a bit when used on my acoustic bass. At some point I'll go in and add some additional padding to remedy the looseness of the fittings.
- Easy to Clip on Guitar Head
7374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks vintage but works great at a great price. As good or better than my Monster cable for a lot less money!
9714	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to adjust.  Goes great with my guitar.

7550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used these for several years. They are made well and last for quite a long time. Even with the added thickness over the "hot rod" sticks, they still sound like louder hot rods and not like normal drumsticks, which is great!
3510	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good strings for an Ibanez 12-string guitar. Installed and tuned up fine. A little stretching and re-tuning required, but that's normal. I prefer the extra light strings, but some prefer the heavier strings for a more "round" sound. To each their own, of course, but these work great and are a good value for the price.
8127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome strings, feel like butter.

854	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable, good connectors, amazing price.
407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	THis cable was tust length I needed to fit in portable mixer box. I need a short cord to hook up the computer to mixer and this 1 was just what I needed.
3274	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've always used SM 58s, and this mic blows that away.  The voice is clear, distinct, and clean.  This is an amazing live format tool.  It would be a good tool for studio work as well.
the cost on this pedal is dirt cheap for the performance you will get from it.  it has an adjustable
2771	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These XLR cables are excellent, they feel a lot heavier and look thicker than a lot of the cables I've used. The connections have a button lock, so they won't accidentally pop loose, and they appear to be excellently constructed. I will probably end up buying these again if I expand my rig.
2) Due to the toughness, you'll likely never need to replace one of these tanks.
9140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works Great!
In addition to many things, I'm sure, this MIC works great with Sony Mini disc recorders, some (likely all) Sony Voice Recorders (really improves the quality of what those can do), Edirol RU 9, Ederil UA-1ex, etc. I think all higher end Olympus voice recorders also use this type of powered mic jack.
Any engineer will tell you that the extra-brightness of the Beta 58A mic gives you
5944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a great guitar case for a good price this is it. Beautifully made hardshell case will protect your guitar from not just the elements but unforseen abuse. My axe fits snuggly in without putting any stress on the neck of the instrument and there is pleanty of space for extra strings. I would highly recomend buying this as the price is solid for what you get.
6149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Capo looks great and does the job. It does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions.
329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Do people use midi anymore? This people do!
Just a note though, once the first rod breaks, the rest of them follow suit pretty quick.  But, I'm sure this just depends on your application.

9009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just reskinned my Yamaha drums with these Evans G2's. What a big difference. The tone is focused, powerful, with no nasty overtones. I don't even use my damper rings on these. They just sound great and I can't stop playing them. (I'm typing this one handed as I pound out a beat." ;-)
626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping.  Excellent cable.  I have a mogami and can't justify the price.  This one works as well and sound as good.
8907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great heads as if that is unusual with evans.  Gives a great warm, deep rich sound, reducing overtones just enough not to need to use moon jell or tape.
1483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. I can use a mic in a 1/4" female on my amp. No hum!
3544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	light strings will break more easily, obviously.
2845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good!
3946	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas gift for my son to go with his first electric guitar. It works great especially since he is just starting to learn new things with his guitar.

You'll get a good clip and an average carry bag with it.
4589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
3799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are great!  Best reeds my child has used for daily high school band.  1 reed lasts longer than other brands!
179	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the feel. Perfect. Highly recommend.
7564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a classic ride, designed for jazz, and is nearly identical to my circa late 60s Avedis Zildjian 22" ride in sound.
9362	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great !!

I had purchased another brand for my classical, and of course
6390	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I bought these I was hoping for the sharper version of this one they make as I had kept one from a music store after using it and wanted some more after the store made me stop keeping them when I took the whole jar.  I have since gotten used to these and will probably get them again if I ever run out.  They show up everywhere, so I don't think I'll run out any time soon. I can't with certainty say that there were 72 in the package; I was trying to count them when they arrived but I was doing a math test at the same time and kept losing my place.
6937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use capos a LOT, and this thing is an absolute dream...simply pinch and move...it's that simple.  My concern at first was that it would not properly hold down the strings, but that fear was eliminated as soon as I took it out of the package and popped it on...2 seconds flat.  I have 2, which I have now been using for 4 years.
Unfortunately, time itself has been pretty rough on the wrist, knuckle and finger joints and the doc says I gotta contend with rheumatoid arthritis. To quote our Rolling Stones friend Mick, "What a drag it is getting old".  LOL!
1858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly how it should, and does exactly what I need it too. I haven't had any problems with this little guys so far.
5161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best guitar capos on the market.  I've been using Kyser capos for years and would highly recommend them.
4942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are the best
343	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Cool does the job!,no problems
The pick has a slightly rubbery feel to it, and feels more natural than a Tortex.
5640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Kyser Capos for years. I love the speckled finish on this one.
4940	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm finding that I like these a lot better than the Schaller ones. The Schaller's strap pins wear out too quickly for me. These do stick out a bit more, but they do a better job. I recommend them.
4265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Poifection. Don't know my ring size but it fits great. medium sized fingers i guess i relise that doesnt help but thats whats goin on.

Same as most other's experience, this "medium" slide has a rather small inner diameter - I have small/medium hands, and while this slide fits my pinky with wiggle room to spare, it's a tight fit on my ring finger.
VERY useful !!
I'm disappointed and understandably frustrated, and my granddaughter can't continue with her lessons..
6245	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Of all the things you can do to change the sound of your guitar, a new pick is the easiest and often most effective. This pick has a nice sound, one I prefer to my nylon picks. One caveat for first time users is that Ultex is a stiffer material than Nylon, so this pick is comparable to nylon picks in the .88 range in terms of flexibility while playing.
9093	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice capo !!
9819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best. I have tried most guitar straps and the market and these are by far the best value. They get plenty long for a tall person.
5753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in good shape. Holds guitar very snugly with ample storage inside.
7210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAAAAA+++++++++++
3063	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great mic nice price
2942	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mic with EQ sound great, I did not like the sound of it at all straight into my board but after setting up some EQ (adding some bass and mids) this is what i needed.  I do not like the way the wires come down but that is based on needing it to run down my right side.  I use this while recording at my home
9816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	SO DA OBSOME! LOVING THE COLOR! :D :D :D
5368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	After receiving the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dunlop-Dual-Design-Straplok-System/dp/B0002CZW3G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dunlop Dual Design Straplok System</a>&nbsp;already installed on my Gibson Standard electric
1719	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints. Sent my audio via stereo, like I needed. I do podcasts and this got my guests over Skype onto my Tascam recorder fantastically well. Well priced. 5 stars, no hesitation.
5596	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you own a 12-string guitar, you already know you need a longer capo for anything below the fifth fret. This capo is longer, beefier, and with a stronger spring than its 6-string brother.
1172	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect solution for small problem.  I actually like the short cables so less tangle from the 2 incoming mic cables.
3009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are #10 x 32 x 3/4" screws with washers.  They were a better price than others out there, and for some reason I could not find anything that had the "right size head" at my local hardware store.  I use them in a SKB 8u roto-shockmount box.  That PA setup travels around and bounces here and there, so far I have not had to tighten anything up, yet.  As a musician they won't make you play or sound better but they will hold your equipment in place, and after all thats all they are supposed to do!
7289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and sound as a sax effect
8165	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Moves easily. A little thick as you go up the frets.
I did have 1 problem with the high E tuner. I didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4" up out of the headstock. When I discovered this I loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.
Always good to have a bunch around.

8271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks!
To my surprise, the Pyle one didn't measure up as well. It's not terrible, and certainly a good price, but the other option is the better one. At the time, I only found 2 XLR cords around 15-20ft in length and $5-6 in price so I don't know if others have come or gone or prices have changed.
When it comes to major guitar makers who make their own budget guitar, i.e. Fender Squier, etc. Epiphone is by far an exception. It is made by Gibson but there are Epiphone's for over a grand - it is by far different than "budget guitars" and has its own identity. Epiphone guitars are RARELY beneath a mediocre standard, and often excellent quality.
3969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These were recommended by everyone I asked (about getting "sizzle").


<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Boss-DS-2-Turbo-Distortion/dp/B0002CZV8C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion</a>:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.
2033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews. As an aspiring video maker it was a product I should have bought a long time ago.
9887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These feel great to me. Buy them if you like a heavy pick that isn't super heavy.
I'm not gonna bs anyone into believing that these will make your 12 string play like a 6 string...those familiar with 12 string guitars know better.  That said, I did notice a distinct difference in "feel" between these and the Martins I've used in the past...these are nicer to play and they do seem to be more gentle on the fingers.  I was concerned with how this "silk wrap" was gonna affect the over-all sound of the strings, as well as whether it would cause any tuning issues...I don't typically go in for gimmicks, however I must say that I'm quite pleased with the tone these are producing on my Ovation.  Very nice quality to the sound to say the least and so far (once they stretched in of course) they've stayed right on the money as far as the tuning goes.
3924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It sound very good and it feel smooth beneath my feet, I was planning to buy an expensive one but I've decided to keep it with me. I'm happy with this pedal.
5584	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice case for a great price.  Fits my Epiphone Special nicely.


2174	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Very Disappointed with this microphone. Admittedly I didn't expect much, but it's even worse - in fact it's not usable. Do NOT buy this microphone. I was looking for an omni-directional microphone and this seemed to be my only inexpensive option. I was hoping that Pyle would make an inexpensive omni, but I couldn't find one. I do like their directional mike the PDMIC58 which is very good. This microphone is going in the trash.
4290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So they're flurocarbon strings, which is a fancy way of saying fishing line, but then again most ukes come with nylon strings so these aren't exactly exotic materials.  If you're not used to this style of string it's worth trying, and this is probably a good brand to try since they're good quality and affordable.  Personally I like the feel of a flurocarbon string so after switching my ukes to some of the more expensive strings I decided to switch a laminate uke or two over as well and the Martins are just fine for this purpose.
The 18" crash offered from this page has a much lower pitch, and does not open as quickly or fully in attack. It also has a longer decay time. In fact the attack takes a few milliseconds to transition to the sustain, and die to the longer decay rate it seems to go on forever unless you choke it with your fingers. It also has a substantial bell that can be used for cutting accents or ride patterns, and the cymbal itself can function as a crash/ride. As you play closer to the edge the pitch will become slightly lower than its basic fundamental.
7296	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This item works well and is comfortable to play with. I am not yet proficient in playing a lap steel, so cannot give a glowing review, but for my novice hands, it makes playing easier.
283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this pedal for a Yamaha SY77 which is a keyboard from the early 1990s. I used to have one back then, but sold it to get newer ones. Recently I saw one on Ebay for a VERY cheap price from a good seller and in great shape. I then decided, I wanted to get another one as I really enjoyed it.
5397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have for anybody who's recording vocals.  Any percussive sounds that push air toward the mic can create distortions.  This pop-filter will eliminate any of those to you won't have any trouble with "P"s and "S"s!
889	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality product. The cable is nice, it won't tangle, but if you roll it up it is difficult to unroll. If you move around while playing it won't twist like a rubber cord will. Sound quality is very good.
8504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these picks a lot.  Great quality, great shape.  If you're considering these, also check out the nylon version.  Identical except for material.  I personally prefer the nylon.
3469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very similar to the vandoren in the grey box it's a matter of preference when it comes to choice
9738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A small simple strap for occasional use.  Would last a long time if you add a strap lock.
2375	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best, must iconic microphones for live performances. A must have in your gear
4233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do, without having to pay a lot for it.  Not sure what all of those more expensive pop filters bring to the table that this doesn't.  The clamp and gooseneck will allow it to work for just about any mic setup I can think of.
3233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to get my church speakers up higher than the sub poles had previously allowed them to go. They are rock solid and the telelock system has worked flawlessly.
5778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit's perfectly and it's not too heavy.
8737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	soft, clear, but worn out easily.
4570	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Not the best.
9472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it

In line with what some of the other reviewers mentioned, I wouldn't suggest this tension for a new player--go lighter in that case.  It was bad enough teaching myself how to play in my mid-teens while transitioning from another instrument; let alone having what feels like monster strings trying to sever your fingertips. :)  Otherwise, these are perfect.
Cons: None.
Pros: quality sound for little background noise

4851	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and durable. I've used these for years and am very satisfied.
5249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My latest keyboard is a 76-key Yamaha EX5. First I tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/61-76-key-version/dp/B0002CZTIE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">61/76 key version</a>&nbsp;that I use on my Virus and Z1. The fit wasn't even close. I ordered this "88" key version and it fits perfectly.
4340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very happy...best capo for the $ in my opinion.
6711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+ product as describe.

289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works s it should and it doesn't weigh too much. It could be smaller and a little cheaper, but no big deal.
1301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and serviceable connectors if needed.
- No ground lift switch to eliminate possible ground loops/hum
9072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're orange. What's not to like

7920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These reeds came highly recommended and did not disappoint.
  This is one situation where people will flat out refuse to like the effect because it's BOSS, and it's just not expensive (or hipster) enough at this point in the market. I have owned over a dozen different BOSS effects since I first started guitar and I think this one might by my favorite because it's just such a sleeper hit! If you are willing to take a chance at not being considered 'cool' by the 'boutique' snobs, I highly recommend that you try out this pedal.
Cons:
They arrived in perfect condition, never previously opened.


922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	seems to be good quality and looks nice. Only time will tell how good the materiel's are. also bought another Hosa product and will be testing the life of that as well. For the price point i cannot find 1 flaw with this.
5067	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wow the reviews for this thing are a little ridiculous eh? Some people pay for silver and expect gold ;)



If after one year you think the capo needs repair, return it to Kyser with a $10 check and they will replace it.
171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yamaha's equipment is always first-rate.  I've used other expression pedal, but nothing feels like the quality of the Yamaha.  You pay more, but you get it all back in being able to use the equipment for many years before replacing.

I have hundreds of cables in my house between my computer, home theater, home recording studio, and my cats only chew these, for some reason.
7356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They hood their tune even with my hard playing.  Have not had a bad set.  Always keep an extra set in my bag.  Found one that was several years old.  Worked great.
The sound quality is sufficiently clear when recording, but is not sensitive enough to satisfy the most demanding users such as musicians or professional reporters.  As the other reviewers have said, you need a relatively loud source as there is no sensitivity switch or zoom feature.  It does have the 90-120 degree switch, so you can toggle the range depending on what you are recording.
6327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great. I own 5 different gauges. I like the gripping surface. .90 is my favorite gauge and the rounded tip is super fast.
3819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played on Vandoren V-12's since college...wish I would have found these sooner!

As for sound, it's like I mentioned. Bright and powerful. I did A/B tests with some condenser mics at the same distance from my lips, and it's obvious what voice mics do, and this one does it well. Note that it is billed as an instrument mic, but the only difference between the Beta 58A and 57A is the grill, if I understand correctly, which can result in a slight difference in sound quality.

6437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the tone this HB gave to my LTD.  Recommended for hi gain distortion. Nice tone with Palm Mute.  For Rock & Metal has worked fine for me.
** 11/14/12 update **
If there is one downside to pedals is the price. Once you buy 5 or 6 different pedals, you are looking at hundreds of dollars, and that kind of sucks, but as far as my taste goes, I like stompboxes better than other systems.
No traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission.
4497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These extra-lights are what I use on my Backpacker...indeed, I really cannot use heavier strings.
3486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	they are strings what should I say.
3878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really brings out the tone in my strat.  These strings last a long time and are reliable.  My favorite brand so far.
I dread the thought of stopping in my local Guitar Center to buy anything.

I'm quite happy with it.

8518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Came quickly. Works Well!
6718	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly as needed, thanks
So main takeaway is these strings will help mitigate a less-than-ideal guitar.  It makes my Backpacker fun to play.  I like them a lot.

8411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome double pedal and the quality is very good.
Ergonomics are well done too. Knobs and switches are not fancy but easy to operate. There's also super sturdy, comfy handles on the top and on one side. Carrying two at once is easy (32 lbs. each) and saves you a trip back to the car.
1141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
The only downside is they don't work quite as well if you're playing the guitar. These picks are just a bit too big for guitar strings  in my experience. Some people may be able to make these picks work for guitar,  but this isn't really what these picks excel at.
CONs:
6206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Stiff enough for Gypsy jazz style playing. That is why I bought it. Not so thick as to feel unnatural.
3266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm new to singing, but this microphone is much clearer than other dynamic mics.  I can hear the nuances of my voice much better, and I can sing quietly without losing detail.
3171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The stand folds up very small, which is great for tossing it into a gig bag or something similar.
4396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for beginning fingers, mellow sweet sound for anyone. Really nice.
7616	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are good, firm reeds.  Great for intermediate players; seem to minimize any squeaks, especially with quality ligature.  Individually wrapped in addition to usual plastic holder.
We lost the five-note chimes after we had a party and our house, and one of the guests was clearly enthralled with them. At the end, we gave the chimes to him, which delighted him, and of course delighted us as well. The next day, we purchased the Zenergy3 three-rod version of the chimes, simply to have something different. We are equally happy with the three-tone chime.
in them so they require a pre-amped mic.
The sound is really it's own thing; not a Marshall-in-a-box, more like a transistor distortion should sound. It doesn't really make a solid-state amp sound like a tube amp, it's just a very honest distortion. The price is fair for what the pedal is.

Not sure about these:
1925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I replaced a p-mount cartridge with this fellow, and it works well for listening to tunes on a pioneer turntable. I'm not a fancy schmancy audiophile, so I'm not sure if it's actually correct, but it does what I need it to do.
1951	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I tried it with Audacity on my desk to record my pod-casts and with my Kodak Zi8.  Both pretty weak.  I recorded someone talking with the zi8 as a test.  First with the sony mic and then without it.  First with mic sensitivity levels at normal and then again at max.  The Sony produced much more hiss and was nowhere near the sensitivity of the Zi8's internal mic.  The zi8's mic picked up so much more ambient noise and the voices were so much more robust.  Was really surprised to hear all the positive reviews with the Zi8.
3411	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	it sounds great.  nice and warm and lush.  one of the better trems i've had the pleasure to use.  however, i hate the plastic housing, and how the input/output jacks are located.  I don't have heavy feet, so it will probably last a good long while on my board, but i really wouldn't want to put too much weight on it.
My only other "issue" is not with the cartridge, but with Amazon. They've been getting slack on "fulfilling" Prime orders when the item is from a third party vendor but "in stock". I had to again call customer service when this item didn't show up as promised. (the second time in three months). The person was very friendly, saying there was an internal error with the processing. When I ordered a second one overnight just to make sure I'd get one in time for my listening party, she waved the additional shipping and Ok'd the return while I was on the phone-a nice gesture even if it is a mute one with the full refund upon return. They both showed up the next day.
Bottom Line:
2529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my preferred vocal mic for live performances.  I've been using it for decades.  (The Neuman KMS 105 might sound a bit better, at 6 times the price.  Then again, it might not!)  And the 57 is a surprisingly good performer for vocals in the studio.  I like my large diaphragm condensers for some things, but when I want to wail, the 57 is still among the best I've found.  Maybe THE best.  The special Shure A2Ws windscreen is the reason for my new appreciation of the 57.  With the windscreen in place, breath noise and plosives are gone (unless I get really sloppy).  I a/b'd the 57 with the windscreen against a Shure SM58.  The 58's a great mic, but the 57 sounds more open in the top end (as other reviewers have noted.)  Generic windscreens don't sound as good with this mic.  They tend to be too thick and dense, blocking a lot of the high frequencies.  Spend the $15 and get the A2WS.  It has a set screw that enables you to lock the screen in place, leaving a small air space between the foam and the mic's grill.  Gives it a nice, open, airy sound.  The 57's not a high output mic, so you'll need a bit more gain in the preamp compared to some mics, but that's a very minor drawback.
6033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive been a punk rock and metal fan my life. Metal wise this pedal is pretty alright, but punk rock wise it's legendary. This isn't a pedal for people who want the purist and cleanest tones ever. This pedal is for people who want chords to sound huge and crunchy while having pretty good clarity. The range of tones is great! If you need another distortion pedal then just use your amps distortion.
2922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As advertised. Good cable, not a CHEAP one.
8371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best Capo for the money!
One final note: stick choices are personal, so while this stick is one of my favorites, it may be too light or slender for your personal tastes. I strongly recommend that you try them in person before making a final purchase decision.
1282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you need it you know what its for.

8742	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great just picks but everything was great
4267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good price! Works well and keeps right at my knuckle.
8138	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a few other Levys straps and the material differs. My best strap is a Levy and it has leather padding as well. This strap does not have this. It is vinyl and feels much like a duffel bag strap to the touch. Zoom in on the pic and you will get an idea of the texture. That said I bought this strap fully aware of this so I am rating it in context. What I really wanted was a strap that matches my lovely Kiesel(Carvin) CS3 I had option 50'd in a two tone blue and this strap is a nice compliment to that. It's quite attractive with its mouse blue uniform with gold trim. I love the selection of straps Levys has and they are all good quality and surprisingly comfortable even in styles such as this.
6548	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I thought buying it directly to Fishman would guarantee a good deal. But it didn't.
Skip the strings that have perlon or other synthetic cores with early students while they are learning to adjust and tune the sting instrument.  Tuning is an art.

8190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these picks for years so I guess I am biased.
6740	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good capo, been using them for years.  Just don't drop this one in the grass, you may not find it!  Pretty neat.
9767	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best picks of all time.  I use the green for electric guitar and the yellow for acoustic.
9210	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Crappy pick. Feels cheap. Not much better than cutting up a credit card to make a pick. Stick with Fender or Planet Waves.

5816	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine! No problems! Holds all the strings tightly. Easy to work with and clip on to guitar. Best capo we have used so far.
9354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product,  durable,  fits perfectly, Brooks Mays is an dealer.  Thank you.
1433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
9179	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great useful case.  Wish it was double the size!
In 2012, just to see if I could, I did everything on the MK. You can hear all my 2012 tunes at aejotz.com. Some of the sounds are presets, some are tweaked presets, some are patches I found online and some I programmed from scratch. I used no effects and the only non-MK sound you'll hear is the metronome click from my recorder, which I decided to leave on a couple of tracks. Long story short, I really put that "toy" through its paces.
6537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very high quality sticks. Feel and sound matched. The wood carries more vibrations back to the hand compared to hickory, so beware if you have sensitive hands. However due to being a harder wood it doesn't dent on rimshots like hickory sticks do. Overall a very nice set of drumsticks
1992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
7468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	i have not tried several brands/models of bundled sticks. this review will help someone thinking about trying bundles sticks for the first time. if bundles sticks are your thing...well i'm not an aficionado.

2583	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome bedroom amp! no complaints

4097	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The filter is a good filter, with double neoprene, the arm that it attaches to is crap.  It won't stay where you put it, it is weak, and ultimately I threw the whole thing away after fighting with it for almost an hour.  If you have an extra arm or have it dangle straight down it might work.  Perhaps Mine is defective.  And that is a definite possibility.
6809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks.
Other than that, it looks great, plays well and has a nice woody tone. If I saw this instrument "on the rack" I would have guessed it was at least twice the price if not more. I haven't even tried the electronics; I bought it to record acoustically and use my electric for amp-time.
4369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive used Elixer forever but decided to try these for a change. Although they're good strings i prefer the Elixer. But I guess guitar strings are like everything else it comes down to personal preference. I will say these do not meet the soft feel as described. However all in all they're good sounding strings.
4676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo is a bit tight, but I was able to bend it back a little and it's perfect! I'm very satisfied with the quality!
4673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I own the blue medium slide. It sounds great but it's too small. By going larger with the same ceramic I'm looking forward to another new slide. The problem is that it's overpriced. Amazon has to learn that MF is a true competitor.
My favorite pick had been the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dunlop-0-6mm-nylon-pick/dp/B0002D0CGW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dunlop 0.6mm nylon pick</a>, but I am very pleased with the performance and feel of the 3.0mm Stubby.  I can locate the strings easily, and be more precise, while still being able to play with decent speed.  Time will tell, but this may become my new favorite pick.
4108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I recently just went back to using BOSS pedals after a long usage of many so called "BOUTIQUE) pedals. I decided to simplify my pedalboard, and my life, and get this pedalboard, and a few select BOSS pedals to use. I like this alot, because it lets me keep all the pedals I use in one convienient location, and its a grab and go setup. Speaking of set up, you can leave your pedals in the case, and when you are ready to use them, just plug in the adapter into some power, and your ready to go. It sure has simplified my life, and has gotten unwanted clutter(pedals) off my floor, thus eliminating a mess. The only thing I would change on this pedalboard, is the sliding plastic latches on it. They are a little to flimsy for my taste, but oh well. Looks like BOSS could at least redesign the latches. Anyway, all in all, if you are looking for a grab and go pedalbard, and only use 6-7 pedals, give this a try....
3665	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good!


5042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I personally preferred the "original" old design. The button seemed a little smoother on those. I have no idea why they changed those to making you have to hold the button in while unplugging and plugging in again. Kind of a hassle (especially if you are dealing with a strap too.) But this does what the original circuit breaker cable did - allowing you to change guitars without having to turn down or have a "pop".  Just push the button in, let go and push it again when you are ready to go. I just don't like the push button as well as before, it's probably just me but this seems a little more cheaply made. I will still rate it a 4 though as they are pretty great to have and I would buy it again.
7620	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	YEEEEESSSSSS!!!!. Just used these for the first time. Perfect feel and sound bridges lighter less durable rods/brushes with standard drumsticks. I always hated how the lighter thinner rods splinter off like dry spaghetti. Lightning rods are a designed better than other rods IMO because of the rounder tips. Also, because of the thicker diameter of the individual rods, I was able to get through four sets with little indication of splinter damage so often seen with other rods. However, I did switch to standard sticks more in the 3rd and 4th sets when the volume crept up to more bar/club levels. Plus because we played outdoors on an oceanfront restaurant bar (no drum mics) I didn't give these the full throttle experience yet, however, it appears that they would do the trick.
1173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a great price! I'd order again in a heartbeat!
2785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everyone develops personal preferences over time for one reason or another.  I have a personal preference for the XLR ends with the really fine threaded plastic cap on the outside (first to slide down the cable) with a 4 legged gripper underneath that slides next down the cable and pinches down as you tighten the plastic outer cap into the metal housing with the solder contacts causing the gripper to strain relief most cable diameters.  Unfortunately that design isn't used here, but I chose to award the 5 star rating for value because you get 15' of good quality shielded cable with 2 XLR ends (M and F) for well under $1/ft.
2602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Actually, 4 1/2 stars. This is a good/great amp for practicing. I own several amps, Fender, etc., but this has a clean sound that is hard to describe. It also looks great. Highly recommended
6369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks ever. I have tried dozens upon dozens of different picks and these take the cake for me. The width feels great between my fingers, the size makes it easy to handle, and the stiffness gives great control. I found the sizes smaller were a little to soft for me and the sizes larger were just a bit stiff. I feel like Goldilocks. Compared against the cheep classic picks, Fender, etc, these are awesome. They hold up a lot better and soft better in my opinion. Compared against Tortex the sound and feel are a wash but these last much longer. Anyway, everyone has their own preference and these are mine.

4493	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	make a big difference in ease of fretting and a nice mellow tone
6664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Like this camo capo's simplicity and its unique color.  My friend got a new one after seeing me using it, but his is a bit shorter than mine.  Mine works both uke & acoustic guitar, I have no problem to use it on single hand.  As the manufactor suggests for its duration, I don't clip it on the guitar when it's not in use. :)
8689	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pick holder and keeps them quickly available.
5474	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the price, this is one of the best pop filters. It easily clamps onto my stand and doesn't move around after I place it. However, there is one problem I've had with it. It can easily lose grip of the arm holding the filter. What I mean is that, if I pick up the mic, the arm will swivel away. Granted this was caused by me dropping it once, but before it was fine. So for a good price you get a filter that works.

8774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are just fine.
The design is cool looking, and I can see why it would feel great to many players.  The Stubby would probably be my choice for playing acoustic or classical guitar.  They are available in various thicknesses, so you might give them a try if you prefer a stiff pick.
I dread the thought of stopping in my local Guitar Center to buy anything.
Kala Soprano Lacewood:
3713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Cry Baby Wah Wah was the sound I have been looking for love It
screw, you will have no problem. The black color looks great on a shiny black guitar too. they send two complete sets too so that's great.
I definitely recommend them...especially at this price.
2134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hands down, the best needles in the game.
4968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had the cover for about a week now. I love it. It keeps my Yamaha Motif ES 8 dust-free. Totally recommend this item!
5922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I tried this pedal out with a couple of different amps and overall the sound was not to my liking.  It wasn't bad just not quite the distortion sound that I wanted.  It was an easy to use pedal and did what it said it did.

2450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say about the 57? It's the industry-standard instrument microphone in the sound reinforcement world. it's the microphone the President speaks into when the White House Press Office sets up sound. It's a legend.
A really good product.
This particular capo is designed for a steel stringed (not classical) 6 stringed acoustic guitar although it can be used with a slimmer necked 12 string and it's just fine.  This company does make this capo for classical, electrics, and 12 stringed guitar as well as a large variety of colors/pattern.  This is our second Kyser 6 String capo as the first one lost the clear rubber end that protects the back of the neck while in use.  That one was used for years and could still be used if we could have only found the clear rubber thing.  They do loosen up a bit over time with a lot of use, but still always seem to work.  Never had a problem with fret buzz--but that could also be in part the guitars we use it with.  Would highly recommend this capo as it was highly recommend to us originally but another long time guitarist.
POST SCRIPT EDIT (3-16-12):  I won ANOTHER DS-2 off ebay for a ridiculous steal again, this time one made in Japan.  GOOD NIGHT!  The Japanese ones are amazing!  Its like having a Marshall stack on the floor!  I mean these new ones are good pedals (esp compared to the new DS-1s) but the Japanese ones are flat out amazing.  I can only assume the Japanese DS-1s are similarly impressive, and if so, I can finally understand how that pedal ever got the reputation it for some reason still carries.  Grab a Japanese one if you can (and prepare to have your face melted!), if not, the new ones are still a fine pedal.
8633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
9678	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As always  Kyser capo's are great.  It arrived quickly from the supplier and I put it to use immediately.  I keep one in each instrument case and where I practice just in case.  Most of the time I transpose, but sometimes the difference in using a capo makes the music more unique or accurate, if doing a cover.
  Exterior Weight: 15.00 pounds
I'm relatively new to hardware synthesizers, but even in my limited experience with other budget/compact gear, the microKORG XL+ really stands out.  The wildly popular Arturia MicroBrute and MiniBrute are great devices, but they're also monosynths and far more limited in scope than the XL+.  I own basically all of the Korg Volca series, and while those are great devices, I feel like the microKORG XL+ covers about 90-95% of the sounds I could conceivably make with the Volca Bass, Keys, and FM combined.  Not to mention that it comes with a 37-key keyboard that you can actually play, that can be powered by battery, and that you can effectively use as a MIDI keyboard with some of your other devices.  The microKORG XL+ isn't the newest or sexiest toy on block, but remains an example of "digital done right".  It's capable of playing hundreds of different sounds from some of Korg's best products of the past 20 years, and allowing the user to tweak them even further with a simple layout of knobs on the device.  I think it could be the integral component to a budget home studio, especially combined with a good drum machine and mono synth for bass/lead work.
8868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I ordered these because I bought a variety pack of picks from Musician's Friend and there was one lonesome very thin celluloid pick in the pack. I loved how it quieted the strumming on my acoustic dreadnought, so I went on the hunt for very thin picks. The celluloid one fell apart quickly, so I wanted a better material.
4845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought it a day ago for a 10, just also got an acoustic g120h for 50. Playing it using a Jagmaster through the Acoustic head with a whole made 1x12 cab. I am not an expert when it comes to metal tones as I play blues, fusion, classic rock, classical occasionally metal of differing types, but it my opinion it sounds pretty convincing. I can't complain, for what I paid. You can get a heavy djent sound and the 'scooped' sound. It has eqs so you can sculpt a metal sound to your liking. The eq knobs are stacked the up eqs are higher freq while the lower half of the knobs are lower freq. You also have the usual gain and level knob. I feel it does it's job, tone purist may snub it but I have heard far worse distortion. It can sound bad as any pedal can if it is set up wrong, has inadequate power or is in your signal chain in the wrong place.
7115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Tonebar!
6314	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I would probably not purchase a again.  Overall looks are great but quality and duribility are not there!!  Not bad for the price!
9572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What are these, about 2 dollars each?
4764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does the job. just wanted to cover my keys
For the money, I expect zero clip and pure swell. But I'm keeping it because I can still get that Damage Inc. intro. And I like that
4895	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What need be said....best strap locks made.  Amazon price better than GC as is almost all Amazon prices...
9130	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kysers make the best capos.
But even with a cursory set up, each guitar will change over time. Wood moves. It will expand and contract. Frets bulge from the neck. Someone will need to do those adjustments and minor repairs. Would YOU risk working on a fine instrument without the best tools and plenty of experience?
4998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Product.  Great Packaging.  Great Price.  Great People to do Business with.
5048	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable that NOW LATCHES is what the last model should have been.
5830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had this pedal for about 15 years, just replaced the old one a month ago. It distorts sound, not quite the way you would imagine though. This effect sounds really good through a fat cab or a larger amp that can let the cabinet give the tone a little color. I use it through a Epiphone Valve Jr and a Marshall 2x12 stack with JTM45 on top and its fine. This thing through a Champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a EQ pedal.

1374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the cost, this cable is as sturdy and well made - if not more so - than its $20-30 counterparts. NEVER SHOP AT (unnamed major guitar/bass/drums/accessories store) FOR THIS TYPE OF ITEM. The profit margin on these kinds of things is through the roof and they get away with it every day.

658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The reason I ordered this cable is because I got a condenser mic, and wanted to pipe the sound into my computer. My mic only came with the connector that goes from the mic to the phantom power, so I needed to get this. This is the connector that you plug from the phantom power into your computer or into your video camera. At first, I accidentally got the wrong one, so make sure that you get the right one for the right thing.
5963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great box -- perfect sound and great price.
7566	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great sticks but they don't seem to be lasting as long as they used to
This spray is a lot stronger, and it shoots a kind of silly string, so it doesn't create the sticky mist that other one does, thus it's a lot safer to use in your studio with all your expensive gear. The only downside, is that once you stick it, it's a lot harder to take off the wall, albeit not impossible. To use this spray you MUST SPRAY BOTH WALL AND FOAM, otherwise it will not stick.
- No Tension Adjustment
Alesis has made available a system update file for the sr16 that includes 3/4 time but it requires a USB to midi interface which is another $40 or so. The upgrade works well but be aware the 'in' cable has to go to the SR16's out port and the out cable has to go to the in port.
is best.
3564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I simply can't believe that this guitar at this price is this good. I have played several in my lifetime and I would rate this one up there with much higher priced guitars. Add a modeling amp and you have a real treat.
2522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are in the music business and don't have a few of these in your inventory, where have you been?  These are industry standard, dynamic microphones - built like military hardware with surprisingly good audio response and offered at a terrific value. (beware of even cheaper "rip offs" that look identical, but have far inferior capsules - always buy from an authorized Shure dealer)
Different distortion levels can be dialed in and to my surprise, it works good with a bass although bass players know they will lose some bottom end.
3668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a good strings with a great sound and a good price.  Just very good.  I recommend to any people
[DW]
Also i don't think it will survive air travel or extensive touring.
As far as the colors are concerned, I don't understand what all the fuss is over receiving a single color versus a variety.  It's quite clear that the colors correspond to the weight (thickness) of these picks.  Medium-light is green, medium is purple, extra-heavy is yellow.  Duh!
3064	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Really an excellent microphone. Very sensitive, crystal clear. Bass is subdued (to be expected with this type of mic) but is still present. The falloff pattern is a bit broader than I would like when using it for a vocal mic, but you can't complain when you're getting a multipurpose swiss army knife microphone like this!

9308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good!
1222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.
8062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not as harsh as plastic picks
Highly recommended for bass or thicker gauge strings.
3773	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Several years ago, my wife wanted to learn to play the guitar... I have created a monster! She originally bought 'pretty' guitars, ignoring my suggestions. Then, one day I found a deal on a Martin D15 - and she loved it! I then let her pick the color - and ordered her an American Standard Fender Strat... she loved it. I got her a Monoprice tube-type 5W amp with an 8" Celestion speaker - her Peavey VIP-1 is in her closet. I 'suggested' a Cry Baby... she wanted to think about it. Her's arrived yesterday - and she couldn't believe it! I heard her playing with it last night.... wow. I could hear the late Isaac Hayes singing the theme to 'Shaft' in my mind. Oh, she is still learning... but what a smile as she tried it on several of her favorite tunes - and her smile - that was worth it!

1533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Zero issues with this cable so far.  It feels fairly cheap and light weight but it has survived for months of plugging in, unplugging, and packing between practice spaces.
7479	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	G string broke on first tune up didn't even get up to E.
9982	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'll likely never use another brand or gauge again, the perfect combination of rigid and flexible suited to me and the way I play. Plus, they have pretty high visibility in case you drop one.
1882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This item was just what I need at the time. It arrived in a timely fashion and was well packaged.
6119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pedal will last forever.  I have not had any battery problems with it (I unplug chords when I'm done with them) and it is made from hard durable steel.  It is easy to adjust the sound and to do simple things such as change the battery.  You can adjust the tone, the amount of distortion, and the level.  It comes with a little packet of tones that tell you how to get different sounds (although its much more fun to mess around with it before looking at that packet.  I recommend this pedal to any guitar player looking for a new sound.
8629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks
Reading through a few other reviews of this product I noted a 'bump' issue similar to the one to this case. I suspect that quality control for this product may be lacking and I just hope that doesn't affect the durability as well as the aesthetics of the item.
6703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pro Mark quality, Japanese Oak durability and density, Neil Peart design.  These sticks fit in my hand like a 5A, but have the weight of a 5B. After playing these for 5 years, I won't play anything else.  Now that Amazon is selling them for half the price of retail stores, I'm stocking up!
7704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are the best there is for saxophones. They are very good quality at a great price. Would definitely buy again.
1536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hosa-GTR210-Guitar-Cable-10-Ft/dp/B000068NW5/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft</a>

5234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product is a must.  Why?..... because it makes strap install and removal so simple and reliable,...and when the strap is clipped into place it is secure.  I've owned numerous Straplok systems on the various bass guitars I've owned, and would not ever own an instrument without installing this system.
I'm not a crazy hard kicker on the pedal, so I didn't get this patch for damage concerns.
5878	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well, but creates a lot of gear around your fingerboard. Not needing adjustment is a plus, but I generally keep an adjusted Shubb in each case, and appreciate the simplicity and size of those. But the Kyser costs less and does the job.
7595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed this bad boy and it works awesome with the dimetime set I also installed a week before. I love them and definitely recomend
This is worth the money twice over, try it out for yourself and kiss overpriced cables goodbye!
3846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best brand for strings!
But for the quickness-of-change and the quality of the capo, I think this is a very good buy.
2784	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	No complaints, it's quiet enough and the price is right. Is it a Monster cable? No, but it doesn't cost as much either. I've used this on lead vocal tracks into a studio condensor mic for professional album sessions and it was fine.

The only thing is on the epiphone site it states all their electric guitars include a cable in the box.  This one did not and from reading their forum it seems it is almost a normal thing for cords to somehow disappear before reaching the customer.  It is not a big deal to me but I thought I'd mention it for those thinking of buying a epiphone.  When I ordered this one I wasn't really sure if a cable would be included or not so I ordered one at the same time, I'm glad I did.
7897	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	These Kysers are OK but not really for acoustic so much. You must rely on a spring to made the decisions of how much tension is used. It's not the best science. I bought it for when I play songs and need to switch keys in the middle of the tune. I am a professional entertainer of stage so this a needed. For basic capo needs........ It's great.
9184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	was a good distortion source.
Can't beat it for the price too!
4539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just as advertised ,worked great
- Hearty (I put it in my backpack  ever day for about 3 years.  The cord split a bit, but I taped it up.  I treat it rough and it's been a trouper)
Edit: Watch the Steve Vai interview where he shares his secret for restoring the edge of worn, nicked, picks. Rapidly,firmly wipe the pick edge against a carpet. The motion is as if you were trying to cut into the carpet with the edge of the pick, repeat 3 or 4 times and whadda u know! The edge is now smooth and nice.
3275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	One thing to consider is that all reviewers that say they have bought this microphone and that its fantastic may be tell you the truth for their personal story, but remember that every vocalist will be different.
1099	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great for the price,..no issues for now
Buy a couple and see.
628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works fine. too early to tell about longevity.

We have yet to use the Lifetime Warranty but the peace of mind is, well, as good as a gift from God.
For 1/3 the price, I got 5/8 the case, and I'm no math whiz, but I think that's a good deal.
3837	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I love V-12 reeds, and use them exclusively now.  I tried the 56 Rue Lepic, but can honestly say I hate them.  They are very stiff, a different "resistance sizing" than the V-12s so far as I can tell, and that seems a bit crazy.  I recently took up clarinet playing after a very, very long absence.  My degree is in clarinet performance/music education.  I decided to give Vandoren another try (never used to like them) and have found my favorite reeds are the V-12s.  I have tried several of my "old brands" and just like the V-12s for their sound....it has a lot of clarity, and with the right mouthpiece, the sound is not "too bright." And by the way, I am finding 6-8 out of each box of 10 are really good reeds, some of them are great.  I am just transitioning from 2.5s to 3s, so I tried the 56 Rue 2.5s....no way....they are very stiff and I am going to have to spend a lot of time to see if I can make them playable.  If my opinion changes in the future, I will update this review.
I have used these strings on a solid body Gibson Les Paul guitar and on a semi-hollowbody Fender
You can put better sounding strings on this unit and it sounds better. But for learning the Uke.. it really can't be beat. I'd give it 5 stars if it were a better quality Uke... Plus it's a unit that can go on the road in a pack on a motorcycle, to the college dorm, and there is no worries your risking damage to an expensive unit. It's a perfect learning instrument. Then you can do with it what you want once your ready to upgrade... give it to a niece or nephew, grand child... send it off to college, you name it.. it will always be worth what you paid for it....
It can be tricky installing these on a thick leather strap but it IS possible and not that difficult
998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great cables.
302	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this thing because of the great reviews.
8028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm both a performing guitarist and a career music teacher. I've been using only this brand/thickness of flat pick for at least 15 years, and *for me*, they are just right. They never slip out of my hand, even if I'm sweating on an outdoor stage in August.
7868	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a vintage analog chorus pedal for a reasonable price, made in USA if possible. I was close on the Neo Clone, but the cheap toggle switch for depth looks bad. So the Small Clone has a different kind of a depth switch and boy does it feel strong. You can get a LOT of chorus variations with just two controls, amazing.
6377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I pick these picks all day long. I also like the Sharp version of these picks, they're more accurate. Heavy duty, yet fast.
8414	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Too thin for any guitar.  Not sure what you could use them for, but on ultra light strings they are just like paper, totally useless.

This is not a professional product.
Different tempos for each pattern.  So. . .you're playing along a 130 bpm but you decide you need a slightly different rhythm.  You dial in a different pattern and wham, you're suddenly playing at 210 bpm.  What's with that??
9609	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm using these on a DIY mesh head triggered bass drum. So far so good. The adhesive seems to be holding up quite well.

7731	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
6001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Thanks!
100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These fit my boomwhackers well. The price was what you would expect, about a dollar and a half apiece. They appear to be durable.
This 16 inch crash is really nice. I can crash it and ride the bell both and it plays well (tonally) with my 18 inch A series crash (which also rides well).
2. As other reviewers have said, they most certainly run quite heavy. So go a size down from what you want, trust me.

Nonetheless, I must recommend it. It's simple, but it works great for simpler applications, such as a few microphones and a laptop.
5599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this a pretty deluxe case.  I looked at generic cases but decided to pony up the extra $30 for this... glad I did.
Construction:
6192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My last Kyser capo lasted several years, and I expect this one will too.  These are good quality capos and the price is right.
The product is too inexpensive to bother with a return.  If I find a retaining clip that will work (I do have one to compare with) then I can use it.
Is there a big difference in sound between this and the others? I'm not qualified to answer that question. Well - actually I can say that every one of these Hohner's made in Germany harmonicas blow the made in China Blues Band out of the water in terms of quality and playability out of the package (I have since learned how to tweak and retune the cheap Chinese Blues Bands to make them playable, but they are significantly inferior - you truly get what you pay for). Since I have tinkered with the reeds on most of my harps (gapping on most of them for consistent playability), I feel that my experience looking inside of the few harps I have owned qualifies me to say that the Blues Harp is a high quality instrument and I am proud to own one.
7577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've tried all the models in this line (except the Cool Rods), and the Lightning Rods are my favorite.

4082	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works well
427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works correctly
2956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok
2234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worked out well
4016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great drums sticks. Last a long time and feel great in the hands. Also sound really good when playing the ride.
9115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love the color and feel of these picks.  The only problem is that they are semi-transparent and I can see the strings through the pick.  I'm a beginning guitarist and still have to look at the strings as I play.  Because of the transparency I can't really determine the placement of the pick in order to strum the correct string.  Does this make sense???  I hope so.  This is probably a great pick for a seasoned player, but I recommend that beginners use something solid in color.
9463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
Quite simple, this pickup sounds great, and as intended. It produces no hum whatsoever, or feedback, and if it does, then that means the wiring is done incorrectly, and something is not grounded right. There should be no flaws with this pickup, and if there are, it's user error.
9258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Kyser quality in an awesome primary green color.
7213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the sr 16 is one of the most popular drum machines ever, so I have read, I owned one, still do, and it is simple and easy to use and sounds good. a perfect drum machine for a guitarist that needs a backing drum track he can create, or other forms of music. while that drum machine is perfect in it's simplicity, the amount of sounds it has is very limited, hence it's price being low.
9290	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these on my 2016 Les Paul (T) Standard I just bought from Sam Ash. These are the strings recommended by Gibson for their guitars and it's what came on my Les Paul. They sound great and seem to keep their sound for a great amount of playing time. They also keep their tuning well. Ill continue to buy these strings. Im blues Guitarist.

686	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been a fan of HOSA cables for some time.  Good cable and great price.
8014	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great pics working perfect
7313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sweet singing chorus! Solid Boss construction. I love it!
2867	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty decent pair of headphones for the price.  Good sound quality but not fantastic.  Would recommend for a casual listener.
7808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very Nice Capo.
5457	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I love Ernie Ball and I've been a regular user over the years.
1480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great addition for mics w/out switches.

I think they are also kind of cool looking, sort of a gel thing going on... my only complaint though is that if you put or drop them on the wrong sort of surface they are like *gone*, completely invisible. It's really weird because the color of the pick is often completely different, lol there's some strange voodoo going on here. I guess I wish they were made in different colors so they were easy to find (who knows, maybe they are?).
4925	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	lot of pedal boss MT-2 is a grate sounds love it.

3167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy well built!
8897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Currently my favorite pick, it's thick enough to control and the etching makes it easy to handle. I'd recommend to guitarists for jazz, fusion or the like.

4397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Loved them soft to the touch warm to the ears only down side they do suck tone and volume out of ur guitar
I seem to do better with controll picks rather then ordinary picks.
5447	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	solid sticks, cool design.  mallets a little firmer then I'd like but they get the job done!
9894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product and service..
5255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yeah! I was looking for this! Beats the towel I was using and since i'm keeping it in my house I didn't need a case. This is perfect and protects my brand new Roland Gi. Love the feel and the fresh new smell!
2407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok !!!
3369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Made by TKL, the OEM case manufacturer for quite a bit of guitar brands. Made to fit your contoured Ovation guitars. The protection on the front of the guitar seems thinner than the back, obviously because of the bowl shape, but it is still about an inch of foam and molded plastic so I'm sure it would survive bumps and bruises along the way. I have one for my shallow bowl, and bought this for my sister in law, who had to "gate check" her guitar when boarding a 10 hour flight plus a transfer to another shorter flight and guitar arrived in perfect condition at the final destination. Of course gate check is not the same thing as checking your luggage, but still giving your prized guitar to airline/airport workers (or anyone you don't know for that matter) and receiving it back intact after 15-16 hours of airline travel with transfers would make anyone better about their purchase.
8627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good

7987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great, easy to use.
9382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great quality, durable and great sound, crystal clear..
The guitar has hardly left the house in that time, and for that reason, I have been satisfied with this case.
1259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good quality
4275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Would have been better if I had ordered a small. It is just too big for my pinky.

8122	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do, bought it as a replacement since my last one broke. Havent had any problems whatsoever with it.
The strings are close enough to the 9's that they play fine for me - a relative beginner who can barely play Wild Thing or Brown Eyed Girl.
3067	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted! exceeds expectations.
Now, that said, Here's my review... It does what it is supposed to do.  I don't really know what else to say.  I purchased this to use with my T2i running Magic lantern that allows the use of balanced mics on the external input.  When I run my T2i with the mic jack as a stereo input, I have to use my other adapter or my stereo microphone with it's own cable.  The wiring seems fine, though a little on the fragile side.  With normal home/amateur use, this will work fine.  For professional use, you probably won't be using any cameras with an 1/8" jack anyway.  If it used a bit heavier cable and a Neutrik connector, I would give it 5 stars, but then it would cost a lot more.  For what it is, it's actually just fine.
9220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They play well and hold up well(never had one break) They are my second favorite pick. But this pick is better in some songs than my favorite.
But they also work for strumming!
551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked well to connect my microphone to my camera allowing me to film and record audio and video for interviews.

7980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy to use, spring is very strong.  Would not recommend for nylon strings.  Good value and works well.

3074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mic for recording! I use it for my snare mostly though it's not bad for guitar either, wouldn't recommend for vox or bass tho. All around high quality mic especially for the price!

8117	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Received on time and as advertised.  I'll be buying more.
6087	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The hiss is irritating......resembling the technology of the 1970s hardware.  I believe that Boss can correct the poor design creating the unbearable hiss.
2806	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i bought this bass with a gift certificate and used super savr shipping and it was at my door in 2 days!!
4757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Das Gut.
3062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great mic. Use it every night on tour. Good for loud bands with softer vocals. Sometimes sound guys don't know how to control the feedback pattern on it though. That isn't the fault of the mic.
2962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality!
2028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a good all around cartridge especially if your not after a superior sound. It's very "neutral" and uncolored which is a real plus. However, upper frequencies-cymbals, "s's" etc.-can sometimes get muddy depending on the recording. Don't let this scare you. This cart will track almost anything! If you can find a Shure 104E stylus to replace the stock stylus you'll be pleasantly surprised at how good the 92E cartridge really sounds! I only give it 4 stars because the stock stylus is a little lacking on the high end, at least to my ear anyway! Good overall value especially given that it's a "universal" mounting  system.
4300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome quality.



8661	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I wanted to try these because back in 2007, i was introduced to the Dunlop Big Stubby 2.0mm and fell in love with them. 3.0mm for me feels... just a little bit too big? I'm not sure why, but the 2.0mm felt more natural to me. But these are pretty nice too, i'd still rather use these than 1mm or anything less.

4286	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	2 years later still a good screen
9658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nylon won't break but may wear down with heavy use.  Good flexibility.
8570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	You get what you pay for, this double pedal is quite cheap in cost compared to most double kicks. It works as intended though. Not great but not bad. The beaters will sometimes hit your left leg while playing, at least it does to me. Not a real big problem. The feel of the pedal while playing is somewhat flimsy on the right foot. You'd have to use one to know what I'm talking about.
9528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fast delivery!! Good prices !!! A+++++++++++++
321	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised.
I am going to try the lighter yellow gauge - if you are experimenting with picks, you should definitely check out Tortex.
4402	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product.
The end.
5136	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT!!! Here's the deal: All of my guitars have the cable plug as the strapholder, so the right angle of this cable is an enormous benefit for me. First of all, the cable stays in, and it simply looks much better (not easily visible when you're on stage).
4597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	when I bought these I hated the.  I started off with ernie ball electric strings on an acoustic to help me deal with the pain.  Then i went to Daddario strings which I mostly use EJ-13
Truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.
3876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are my first round of buying any heavy with light guage mixes, works well and has a great chunk for your metal sound. Defiantly going to get more in the future
It totally makes your sound better.. there must be a fairy trapped in every unit of these wonderful products.
I think the best and most effective thing I can say is:  "get a decent used amp no "EFX" if possible. Use the "simplest" amp with ONLY Big Muff and that will 95% sure find the sound you want
I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.
4697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
1263	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well made, worth every penny


3161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great stand! I love it. Perfect for my needs. After reading several reviews on this, I must say that I have NO issue with it at all. Many claimed there was a portion of the stand that breaks easily, but, I have no issues at all. I highly recommend it to any bassist. As a plus, it actually holds my baritone ukulele as well. Had to lower it as much as possible but, it worked. Get this stand - you won't regret it!
6694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought it because it doesn't use pots.  The volume swell is adjusted by moving an LED within the case.  The LEDs react through an opening in what they call a shutter; a piece of hard board with windows.  LED on one side and the adjustable LED (LR1) on the other side. The LED is attached by two thin malleable metal wires.  I bent the LED up very slightly and so far I'm happy with the extended swell.
1726	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks to this cable, I no longer mess with adapters, which is noise-prone. I use this to connect my computer's audio out to a headphone amp.
In fact, that's what I'm going to go do.
Hope this review helps with your purchase decisions!
The only caution is that (as others have commented), the suspension is rather soft, and compliance is high.  This means the AT92e needs to be used in very light weight, low-mass tone-arms, or tracking of warped records will likely lead to bottoming out of the cartridge against the vinyl, and loads of woofer cone wobble.  For the price however, if you have an arm that's a good match, you will be very happy with the sound.  It's quite a bargain!
If you can't handle a power drill, don't replace your existing strap holders on your instrument.
Plug it in, however, and you'll find what is probably one of the most underappreciated pedals from BOSS.  Unlike the Tubescreamer and the SD-1, the OD-3 really works as a standalone overdrive pedal.  It does not cut out all of the bass in your tone, and can get surprisingly high-gain if you turn it up.  Perhaps most importantly (and unlike the DS-1 and SD-1), it has tons of output on tap - this thing can easily achieve unity gain with your clean tone, or boost your signal even further.
6485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty decent gig bag.  I bought it for my much loved, despite its low price, Epiphone Special. Fits it to a "T."
I got this one, very old, from a friend who gave it to me. It has very high action, hard to play, etc.. all the bad things some reviews mentioned about here. That's why my friend gave it to me.
3783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This works best on arch top jazz style guitars as the base of the product needs clearance to sit under the strings.  I use it down at the bridge but it can also be placed at the head stock - it's just a tight fit there. I haven't liked it in the headstock placement.  But down past the bridge on arch top guitars, you can't beat it for on stage pick storage, or for a quick and easy pick swap between tunes.  I have several of them.  Like them alot.

9194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like the tote bags for my speaker stands and microphone stands, I got this more to show off than to believe I seriously needed it, but, as it turned out, I was thricely blessed for having bought it. I ended up using three microphones, two with the big global head and one for picking up an instrument's sound. I dread the thought of putting them in my Gator sound rack and having them rattle around among the cables. In the future, I can foresee using more mikes, including headsets and wireless mikes. This should be large enough for all that, since the receivers for the wireless miles are velcroed to a shelf in my rack.
5322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Again I feel line I work for Dunlop.....I don't just love the products .all my guitars and Basses have these locks
4143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have this filter for over 2 years now and still its in very good condition! This is a lifesaver. has made my recordings clear with no bad sound of the "b's  and others...You will need this guys if you're serious about recording vocals. I even made a detailed VIDEO review of this in YouTube. Check it out. Just copy and paste this link to YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvHWZGkrIjo


908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This item is as advertised.  Arrived quick.  Was packaged well.  Would recommend product and store front too.  Wanted Rean connectors (Long story), but they do the same job.
6901	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Of all the things you can do to change the sound of your guitar, a new pick is the easiest and often most effective. This pick has a nice sound, one I prefer to my nylon picks. One caveat for first time users is that Ultex is a stiffer material than Nylon, so this pick is comparable to nylon picks in the .88 range in terms of flexibility while playing.
9303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good patches . Used them before with accoustic bass drums. Never affected the sound (which is good). Now I'm using it on an electronic Kat kt4 kick with a mylar head. Works great.
Ive added a photo, the top is legit.
I'll keep using thicker picks for picking-only songs and for louder strumming, but for more mellow strumming and to keep from bothering other folks in the house, these are great.
9338	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	USED THEM FOR YEARS.
413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works well with SDP-6 and Beatbuddy
  Exterior Height: 9.00 "
3780	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As a guitarist in a band that plays pretty frequently ([...])these pick holders have come in handy.
459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
8950	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Ever since I started playing the guitar, I've used the nylon Dunlop picks. They're better in a thicker size (1.0mm or larger) but the .73mm size is about the same thickness as a regular Fender pick. They're flexible and easy to pick with, but the biggest plus about the nylon picks is that they will NOT break. You'd almost have to melt one of these things with a lighter to harm it -- so one pack of them will last you yeeeeears.
PLUS the reeds last a LONG TIME!
3957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	fine
One big negative is the strap installment; your life could turn into hell depending on the strap ends thickness. And the lock is just not designed to be removed form the strap easily. If you wish to change, wash or replace the strap in the future it is very hard and you could damage the locking mechanism (a metal ring, open locking C washer).

4353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These strings were nice,. They weren't drastically easier to play with as i had hoped to notice, but i can't complain. I would buy them again.
1844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use these cables all over my pedalboard, never had one fail
These are not completely over the ear headphones but as my first experience with these type it was not a big issue. Actually I think I may like it better because my ears don't sweat with prolonged use.
- There's a handle on the side, and one on the back that you can't see in the picture. Both are solid.
7970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just built a music room with a bamboo floor and wanted to minimize the floor fumble from my amp.  This product is extremely solid and does the job. I am thinking about getting a second amp and that means I will be getting another one of these.  I does the job well. I would highly recommend it.
3836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good quality @ good price & fast shipping
7127	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As others have said, the instructions for this machine are quite complicated, but mostly that's because it is capable of doing so much. I am fairly intelligent, with several college degrees, but only a fair amount of electronic technical knowledge and experience. I wanted a simple way to use this drum machine to enhance my solo playing, and it took me several sessions to pore over the technical explanations for all the ways the machine can be used.
3893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Maybe not every guitar player's cup 'o tea, but these are perfect for me. Makes an electric guitar feel and play a little more like an acoustic. That makes transitioning easier. I play blues oriented rock, and have no trouble bending these strings.

6498	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed
9261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great strings, but don't expect them to improve much.
The SM57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. That's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. And on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.
I can see a few years of careful use.
6143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Boss products have proven solid & dependable in my experience.  This tuner is no different.  Extremely accurate and versatile as both a tuner and metronome.  Works for bass & guitar whether plugged in or not (most accurate with the cable run).  Purchased it for my son to use with his bass and he loves it.  It has both a visual signal and/or audible chirp when your instrument is in tune which is really nice.  I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that the battery compartment cover has a tendency to fall off with even nominal impact.  This is easily countered by taping the cover on at each battery change, but I think that looks cheap and a functioning battery cover is essential to the fit and finish of a quality product from a company such as boss and should be a given.  Battery life is fine and the product is feature laden with an easy to read display.  Shame on boss for the loose battery cover, kudos on everything else.
588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised!
5303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had this exact cable for over five months. I use it daily, and so far, no problems to report. The jacks stick in fully to all my guitars and amp, the switch doesn't have any bugs, and even with the cable bent where it snakes over the back of the guitar 's button/guitar strap, I haven't found any problems to report. The right angle plug is fantastic, as the plug lies flat and doesn't get in the way. The instructions don't say clearly how to cut the cable and reconnect it to the plug should you need to. I guess I'll just figure it out when I need to. Twenty feet seems quite alright. Not too long and not too short. I've stepped on the cable countless times and haven'd found any damage. The cable doesn't scuff, so it still looks really good. The cable looks like a coaxial design, which I think is less good sounding than a balanced, two conductor design (as a audiophile, I've built my own interconnect cables and there is a big improvement in sound quality using 2-conductor balanced-design cables versus coaxial). Maybe one day, I'll build my own instrument cable. But I'll really miss the on-off switch.
1872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This was the easiest way to hook up my pedals without having long wires all over the floor to trip on.  It's easy and convenient to use without losing quality and getting feedback loops.  I recommend it to all aspiring musicians.
In general, being a modulation type pedal, I put it after my distortion pedal and before delay.  There are lots of ways to do signal path placement but most people alot like it the way I do it.  You should experiment with your own rig, as sometimes putting into the effects loop is worth trying on certain amps.  Either way, the the CH-1 definitely will enhance your tone and in my opinion, ranks up there with the great chorus pedals.
2539	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very well made, looks great, very happy with this wash board. Glad I paid a little more for American made quality instead of less for China made quality which does not last. I highly recommend and suggest this product if looking for a wash board. No problems with shipping from this seller, I'm pleased all around!
4744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product
The only con (not enough to remove a star) is that the neck is not strong enough to hold the pop filter out at a straight extension. I ended up bending the stabilizing bracket and got it to work the way that i wanted. It has held its position well afterwards. The stabilizing bracket is also a little hard to get it tight enough without bending it, to not to spin around the boom pipe. A few stick-on rubber pads inside the stabilizing bracket fixed that.
9919	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice pick, that gives a great tone. Theese are made to last.
5412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	strong capo, held well!
5025	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these strap locks. They are easy to install and make a good solid connection.  I've been using these for four years and have not had any issues.
I use only one or two straps, so you end up getting a bunch of extra strap locks that may not get used.
3657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sound is what you get from this strings. Greatt qualityt/price relation. I use them on a Martin electroacoustic and they love each other.
4377	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These worked very well. Looked up a video on youtube to insert the final clamp. Easiest with needle-nosed pliers. Work well as expected from Dunlop!
Very versatile tone that's good for soft ballads, powerful gospel or screaming contemporary.
1613	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price, can't beat it.  Works as well as any $15 - $20 one I would have bought at local guitar stores.
4217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lets me take my six string banjo out of the house with adequate protection.  Works well for travel by car with a little care.  It could be improved with another pocket along the neck for picks, capo etc.
747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. What can you say about an adapter cord?  It is well made, good construction and sound from my DSLR with my mic is superb.
9857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This material (nylon) feels more flexible than others used for picks. This thickness: .60, is just the perfect balance for me. I tried the really thin ones (white color) and didn't like them at all! They were way too flexible (almost like a paper) and didn't bring all the sound that my guitar could produce. This is a wonderful pick. I've tried dozens of other brands and materials and this is just the best.
3085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They survive drops onto hard surfaces and still sound great. Buy this. This is the go-to mic for mic'ing amplifiers, snare drums, wind instruments, vocals, or anything you need to mic. Its great to have fancier mics for specific purposes; this mic is for everything else.
795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hard to tangle and stores well.
-(**___) Playability: The protruding coverplates make it harder to get a tight seal. The wood comb is not smooth and the holes have sharp edges, so the harmonica does not slide smoothly. The positive note is I didn't have excessive gapping issues with any individual reeds or any being excessively out of tune.
1552	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and seller.
8084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had a lot of harps, but always prefer the standard Hohner blues harp. Crisp, clear, bends well. The cheaper models are tempting, but not near the quality.
Detailed review:
9530	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pickin'  and grinnin' !
not something i need all the time but great to have in the tool chest for when I do. plan to get one more.
2368	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This microphone is great for singing with a PA and an electric guitar. I sing worship/praise songs and southern gospel and it is very smooth in the mid range and when you get up close it enhances the bass nicely. I don't think it is the same as an SM58 but it is exactly what I need. Built to last and it is a Shure.
687	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Affordable and dependable.
Good quality, wouls recommend to a friend

going to love how strong the sound is. If you play funk or do anything with slap bass as well, these will be an absolute godsend - they
I bought 2 immediately. The shorter one goes from my guitar to the pedal board and the longer one from the pedal board to the amp. Works like a charm and no excuse now for damaging amps or ears.
I intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.

7993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these picks for Christmas years. I love them. They are absolutely indestructible. They have a little flex to them but are by no means thin or soft picks. I'd say they are a little thicker than a medium but not quite a thick/hard pick. Great for playing lead and solos and flexible enough for open strumming. And did I mention they don't break? Ever!?
One additional thing worth noting about this bass is that it looks way better in person compared to the pictures on Amazon. The wood grain shows through the red finish when you look at it up close or from a short distance which gives it a really nice, classy appearance that doesn't come across in the relatively low-res on the product page.
8734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound. Warm and very define atrack
4813	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When i got this guitar i wasn't expecting alot out of it, but when i opened it, it looked amazing, a little bit darker than the picture but thats fine, it plays very nicely, sounds great, and is comfortable to hold, this guitar is amazing for the price, its better than my Fender Starcaster electric.
3291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used many microphones from various brands, all of which were of very high quality. The Shure Beta 58a is without a doubt the most reliable workhorse of a mic. It is even tougher than it's little brother the SM58, more clear and articulate in tone (the SM series is notoriously muddy), and has a more usable output level. To top it all of, it is the most feedback resistant mic I've ever used. In situations where no other mic, of any polar pattern, is usable, the Beta 58A performs and shines. If you want one microphone that shine in any environment, look no further. This mic will be all you need.
7590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
5742	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice case with nice liner!
5749	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!!
4160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are some really nice bass strings! Give a nice sharp punchy sound, and I plan on buying these strings from this seller again.
8272	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It holds pics on your microphone stand.  If that's what you want to do, this is what you want to do it.
4992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how I ever got along without these. I just started back playing after a 30 year hietus and I had nicks and scratches on my old guitars. I have put them on every guitar I own now (7).
4495	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like them trying others out before final decision
3456	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for my student. Unfortunately because they left the guitar exposed to outside air too much after stringing, one popped out of nowhere. Going to buy a new pack soon.
8704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A great cheap pick. Have always had a problem holding onto picks because my fingers get sweaty. Have tried picks with holes in them, tries sticky substances etc.. was never happy with those choices. The concave center gives the pick great grip. Has the Jazz III shape that I like along with a fuller size that I prefer. Similar to a Dunlop Jazz III XL in size & shape but the grip-ability sets it apart.

5837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good deal..... :)

4641	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These were on sale half price, when I got them they were open and the screws and lock washers were missing.  Someone apparently had installed the buttons on their guitars then sent back the locks.  I sent them back and got a quick refund then bought some Fender Strap Blocks.  They are just rubber washers that stretch to fit over the strap holder behind the strap.  Much cheaper and fit any guitar without having to drill and install new strap buttons, and they work great.  Save your money.
If you are looking for other options, check out the Paige, G7 and Shubb.  The benefit of the Kaiser is that it clips on to the headstock when not in use and it has a spring that automatically clips on.
7311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great
8920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like Kyser capos to begin with and I just think this "tie dye" capo looks fantastic.  Whenever I play out people ask where I got it.  Well worth the money.
1400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These cables have taken a beating the last few months, and have served me well with no problems..Real metal ends, not molded on, with high quality silicone jackets and strain reliefs at the connectors..
9898	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like these picks.
We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
Basically what I am saying is this drum machine, once in my hands, really clicked. This was MY path of least resistance. It's good to know I can sit down with this machine, and only this machine, and make full drum tracks. As far as some people saying this is so hard to use, or takes a couple months, for me it took two days. Hence, 6 one way, half dozen the other. The first day I just messed with it, without directions. It was confusing. The second day, I read the directions, and by the end of the second day, I had already made three full length drum tracks, doing everything from customizing my entire drum set and sounds, making a bunch of patterns, and then piecing all those patterns together to make tracks.

778	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	good solid cable, but tends to kink up on stage, which causes a need to unplug and untwist the cable. I wouldn't buy them again.
3300	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everything was OK. Recommended seller!
3703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I love the idea that you don't need a pocket in your strap or elsewhere to store your pick. Further it will not add something else to find/loose in my pants pocket.
6469	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Capos are wonderful. Perfect all the way around! long lasting and backed up by the company. I have three!
Perhaps too much low end for bigger amps (the good thing is you can dial it out and still get a great sound)
My biggest issue with it is that it picks up a LOT of ambient noise. To the point that I find it almost too much to use in certain situations.
CONS:
7547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strings sound great.  Easy to replace strings if you know how to replace them.
Also another side note to take this cable off properly I would push to keep up against the strings so that when you touch the elastic it does not scratch your guitar neck. I have to say I'm shocked that no one else has had this problem that I've had but I felt that you needed to be warrant.
590	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice short cord.  Needed for camcorder mic.
1023	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Reliable product, a little snug
The FC-5 sustain pedal is the one that goes with this style keyboard. The pedal is very durable and functions the way it should. It is a good price for a genuine Yamaha pedal. If you need a FC-5 pedal then by all means this pedal is the one to get.
8027	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great purchase, just what we ordered.
9195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I do a lot of performing out and this bag will be all you need to transport  m ics and has an extra compartment for a small amoun of gear or accessories.
7186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds like an actual drum kit , can't beat the price , buy one you won't be disappointed .
5886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very fine, brand-new "ribbed" Keyser Guitar Capo.
341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent product
5824	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality hard case. Fits my guitar perfectly.

4361	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great, I have them on all my guitars. Of all the styles of strap locks I've tried, this style allows the strap to move with you, which is nice. The U style clips have a more restrictive feel to them, but not these.
1223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cable, great price
This is one of three capos I use for a ukulele.  It works, and is my second favorite.  I can park it on the headstock of my ukulele, and it is easy to add, move, remove. With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used. It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  I like how the trigger portion sticks upwards, and does not get in the way like my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dunlop-Trigger-Banjo-Capo-Black/dp/B0002GWQH2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dunlop Trigger Banjo Capo, Black</a>.  My favorite is still the G7th capo.  This is a close second to the G7th.
9117	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These picks have a very unique shape and sound that have helped me play faster with a smoother tone.

In "out of the box" condition, the instrument was hard to play and sounded like a brick, but it looked like it might have promise and the price was good.  I took off the resonator, loosened the strings, tightened the drum head using a nut driver from my tool kit, retuned the strings, checked the neck adjustment, unscrewed the little triangular cover over the neck adjustment screw, found an allen wrench that fit the neck adjustment screw, loosened the strings again, tightened the screw, retuned the banjo, it still needed more adjustment, loosened the strings, tightened the screw (2 more times), put the cover back over the adjustment screw, took off the strings, oiled the fingerboard, let it soak in for a couple hours, wiped off the excess, put on new strings, tuned the banjo, which takes more tuning than most of my guitars or my 5-string because the bolt neck attachment of ANY banjo is not as solid as a guitar's, and the fat low strings put much more pressure on the neck than banjo strings usually put on a 5-string.  So that part took more time than I expected.  BTW, the strings were D'Addario XL Nickel Wound Regular Light Gauge guitar strings # EXL110.  A few people recommended Extra Lights for a plunkier sound, but I don't know what kind of amplification I'll have, so I went for louder tone (and staying in tune longer).
Easy to put on and tune.
However, the individuals dowels splinter and break rather easily, and after only two months of playing each rod went from 19 dowels to about 10 dowels (and the change in sound and feel was noticeable).

85	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been beating these around for 9 years now and they are just as great as the day I bought them.  Still intact no sign of wear and tear.  Love the fold up design.  Glad to see they are still making these.
347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a great price! I'd order again in a heartbeat!
2571	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	K&M 15201B Trumpet Stand
3433	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good, but I think for the price, it should be better.
6727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	work good....
Rating: 4 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author:  The Samurai Heart:  An old warrior's poetic tribute).
238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best out there.  Long throw, and have had several.  Very sturdy
1559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
1662	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good solid quality and does what is it supposed to do.  All metal construction.  6 more words to do ha!
1810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a solid product. I ended up not needing it so... I returned it. However, it worked fine and gets the job done.
to check and make sure your hardware is secure. After repeated use the screws can come loose and there
2852	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	amazing headphones! a great even sound all the way through and perfect for mixing!
6575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I carry this guy on my key chain so I always have a Capo on hand. I just wrap it around itself on the keyring.
4453	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Enjoying these on my ancient Stella. She seems to enjoy them as well
7817	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it! holds the chords right. Easy to open. I use it all the time. WORTH EVERY PENNY :)

9042	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to get on and off guitar. Beautiful color!
6004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best capo out there
3747	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these strings for a friend. I can not review these electric guitar strings, but I use to buy GHS bright boomers when I played bass guitar. They were exellent!
* Nut width: 1.65"
4351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A good guitar worth the money. This was a CHristmas Present for my girlfriend and she loves it  It has a great sound, good pickups, and looks great.  I was completly satisfied with the quality and shipping.  I recommend this guitar .
4335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been a lazy person in terms of writing product reviews, but had to chime in on the Epiphone LP purchase. First of all, I did research on new guitar options at the local Guitar Center website and settled on this instrument. They had it for $199, so for kicks I looked on Amazon two nights before I had planned to test and buy at our GC on a Sat. Amazon had it for $159 and $199 for lots of extras. I already had a case and nice Marshall Amp, so only needed the guitar. The best part, it arrived on Sat about the same time I would have purchased locally. The reviews were so good, I was not worried about testing live before purchase and it was a great choice.
6250	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These seem to be a god balance between the very rigid picks and the floppy nylon picks.  It doesn't stand up to too much playing if you have some heavier gauge strings on, but they are durable enough.
(1) Gives a decent array of basic tremolo sounds, nothing crazy
3142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is nothing real fancy about this guitar stand except for the fact that it gets the job done.  I am using this one for a Michael Kelly 5 string fretless bass guitar and it functions just fine.  This unit only takes about 30 seconds to setup and is most portable.  It has a unique fold out design that is most easy to understand.  I am quite certain that this particular guitar stand can be used for many different shapes, sizes and configurations of stringed instruments.  5 stars.
8863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have tried all kinds of picks over the years and I feel these are the best for my style of play.  The only knock against them is they are very dark and hard to see if you drop them on dark colored flooring.

On my Pearl Masters Series Mahogany kit - clear EC2's on top, Genera resonant (reso side) on toms, EMad on both sides of bass drum, coated G2 snare bater, hazy 300 reso side (wood snare) (all hoops die cast) coated G1 snare batter with hazy 300 reso (metal snare, 2.3mm hoops).

655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great quality. No issues to date and no faulty connections to the units i use this with.
7485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put this in an old ovation celebrity  electric guitar that was made in like 86 or 87 . It is hot my first choice was screaming demon as that's what I used in the past in another guitar just like this one. ANY how it is high output but has a good clarity to it I only have played it about 4 hours now but it sounds like what I was wanting it to. I MIGHT put one in the bridge of my lespaul to replace the Gibson 500 pockup.
The guitar came packaged nicely with plenty of padding, bubble wrap, and all the plastic surfaces have thin protective plastic that has to be pealed off fresh out of the factory. Not a single scuff or ding on the body, it truly looks gorgeous and I'm going to try my damnedest to keep it that way!
The SM87A  has no bass roll-off circuitry, it has a black casing so you know the difference.
4984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There too many required words to type for a product that doesn't need that much explanation.  It mounts to any mic stand and is formable to any position you need.  sturdy.
6434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!!
I also have the Planet Waves plastic capo.  I usually keep one of those in the case as a backup. They work pretty well, but the Quick Change is a lot faster to move from fret to fret as you change keys.
Would highly recommend to everyone.

6581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for the price. Don't be fooled, there isn't any "padding", but it is a thicker canvas than a cheaper gig bag would have.
People with small heads will have trouble keeping the phones on.  It is unfortunate that although this problem has been known for years, nothing has been done to correct this.
7062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work well for me on 10 and 11 gauge strings.
Be prepared to make some adjustments to the instrument.  Here is a list of the things the guitar needed when it arrived:

Speaking of the SG-310, I actually think it sounds a bit better than the LP-100, however, both are very versatile and can play just about any music. Quality and construction are excellent. This is NOT a "beginner" guitar. You can perform live with it and I think it will hold up fine for YEARS!
* There are a TON of different sound variations for every kind of drum sound you want.
547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use it to plug my Casio CZ101 into massive and it works great
7249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for my Grandfathers old 87 Ibanez Acoustic and they sound great.  Very bright and crisp and they feel like they have some meat to em'.  If you're a hard strummer/picker then these are great.

8210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	FAST D
The bag is lightly made, unpadded, and has a fixed-length strap for carrying. It offered no advantage over just grabbing the uke to carry it, while adding the considerable disadvantage of needing to unpack it to play. It promptly went into the giveaway pile.
--(*****The Best*****) Antony Dannecker Optimus (custom harmonica): Simply the best, comes at a price. Antony is great and very available if you want to discuss any particular tweaks to your custom harmonica. Off the shelf can't compare.
Nice storage compartments on the outside, and wheels to boot! It's also got a hard plastic handle on the end, not the sagging fabric handle that other cases use, which crush your hand when trying to pull the loaded case.  Great case for the money - you won't find anything better in the price range.
7000	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitars, great strings. Good seller.
1-2-star reviews often complain their 2-draw was broken from day one. The 2-draw most likely is not broken, it is simply a very difficult note for beginners to play.

338	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Cable stop working after a month, bogus cable.
1196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I do a lot of purchases on Amazon.com. I get fair prices on what I find on it. Plus free mailing, and no tax as well. Good Deal.  SW
926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works
783	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, I should have got something a bit longer - that's how it goes - lol...
5029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Tight, nice fit.
2054	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Barely a drop in each pot and they immediately became smooth and clear.  My 20+ year old Les Paul was at the point the tone knobs started to have little effect on the sound and the volume knobs were crunchy with static.  This stuff made the thing sound brand new, major difference in the impact the tone knobs have on the sound, and silent operation on the volume knobs, no more crackle or static.  The knobs also turn smoother and easier than ever.
4581	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've got these on every guitar I own. They've never broken off and feel solid every time I click them in.  Why have a strap that can come off with one move on stage.
5283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best strap locks ive ever used, dunlop has always had great products.easy to install and i highly recomend them to any bass player
6260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're not feel so rigid as they are, but they impressed me. Ultex are, definitely, much more resistant than Tortex picks (my previous choice). If you are a hard picker, if your picks worn a lot, and if you want a extremely bright pick (like Tusq or Chicken Pickin'), try this one or the Ultex Primetone.
3885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome strings, been playing this brand of strings for 15 years now, nothing better.
7026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks!  Lighter, better than the cheaper ones I had at home - yet a great price.  Will buy again.
9995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the sound.
7857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++++
3345	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nicely priced cable at $15, The Shure equivalent at Guitar Center was $45. Rec you buy 2of these, the proprietary plug that connects to the transmitter looks a little fragile, the length is about 18".
Before I purchased this particular model I tried out Tama's Iron Cobra, Pearl's Powershifter and a Gilbralter Avenger.  I did not like the stiffness of the Iron Cobra, but did like the Pearl and Gibraltar pedals.  It finally came down to either this or the Gibralter, which was slightly smoother, but significantly more expensive.  I opted for best value without sacrificing performance or quality and am thrilled with this pedal.
7541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for when a brush isn't enough and a stick is too much. In fact, that was Promark's tagline in the ad for these when I saw these for the first time, years ago. The rebound is right in between that of a stick and brush, as well. The red bands do NOT slide to adjust the firmness, so if you want the dowels to be a little tighter (which I don't think would really be necessary) just use some duct tape closer to the ends. My stick selection isn't complete without a pair of these in my bag.


I also own the Cut Capo for other styles.
260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product, thank you!
I had that drum machine for YEARS, I was lazy getting anything better. I finally figured out that the drum machine was hindering my creative process and not helping it, so I figured the best thing to do would be to upgrade with the same company, since I dug the sr-16.
9356	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good pedal pads for double bass at last a long time before you change it I recommend getting it.
9412	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well
9635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good picks
4202	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent construction, considerably thick padding, very durable looking and it fits my 5-string perfectly - like custom-made.  very highly recommended.

6735	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these sticks since the 17th century when they were gifted to me by a court magician. One of them finally broke today. As with most sticks, some pairs won't last as long as others, but the right pair will last through the ages. Thankfully the pair I bought must have been blessed by Druid monks because they survived through an eternity of abuse before snapping. I would buy them again but Guitar Center does not seem to accept gold coins as a form of currency.
2462	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone for instruments, very clear and precise. Great for picking up only what you need
7/18/12
My favorite features:
193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good choice.
3608	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	d
2869	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I used these headphones in my small guitar studio for a very short time. Headphones are a useful tool for guitarists when trying to learn solos by ear. These headphones are useless for this particular application. They are mushy with little definition and they clip easily,  even when pulling out the lower frequencies and operating at a reasonable volume. I ended up giving them to my 18 year old daughter hoping that she would have better luck than I. Eventually I ended up going with the Audio-Technica ATH-M40x and I couldn't be happier.
7263	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I never used a rhythm machine before and find that I don't use it that much now that I have it. The sound is great and ease of use is ok. As far as giving me some backing, it works fine.  don't see myself getting into actually programming a song but it could be done if you had the time
794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the canvas wound cable. Has a very sturdy feel. Works well as a guitar cable too.
I have not observed any malfunction up to this point other than some buzzing from the monitor once when it got rained on. After drying out, it didn't happen again. QSC has also put some serious limiting circuitry into these as well to protect themselves from blowing. I have more than once pushed my monitor too hard and reached this threshold. The signal simply cuts out when the the speaker cone experiences too much travel. Once you readjust the levels, you're back in business with no issue.
4055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you want the sound of this guitar's big brother(Gibson LP)this delivers. It has all the same hardware but is a two piece. That is where you end up getting a little less of the big sound. Some cons I read before I bought this was that you get poor sound on some strings but I found it plays more like an accoustic as you NEED TO HIT THE STRINGS CLEANER to eliminate that problem. I has two firends use this and both couldn't believe the sound. One was so impressed he borrowed my laptop and ordered his own. I shopped almost two months before I bought this axe and was a little leary about what to expect for the price but this has delivered everything and more. I would not only recomend this but I would buy it again in a minute. NOTHING TOUCHES THIS IN THIS PRICE RANGE!
8384	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	If you always strum and pick perfectly parallel to the strings, always at  the same height, and you always hold you pick exactly the same each time, you might not rip out a finger nail using these minuscule picks. If you like to get crazy and play hard sometimes, you're going to hurt yourself.

Here is the link to Epiphones case fitment chart so you can find the correct case for any Epiphone (or any other) guitar:
8162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wow what a difference!!! I was using a Vandoren B45. This mouthpiece is entirely different. I guess, more chamber music oriented? Not as big a sound, but more homogeneous across registers, easier to control, I have a greater range of dynamics, feel really good about my articulation, my altissimo is much easier and sounds nicer... Now, I am not saying this will be the case for others, and in no way is the B45 anything but a great mouthpiece, but in my opinion every player should explore and try this M13 at least once.
Better than the more expensive picks.
4779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome cover!
3320	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I did a test and compared it to the Shure SM58.
5767	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
2240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	look nice
6873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Changed the sound of my Epiphone profoundly.  Much easier to hold chords too.
9623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I gave these a try several years ago as I wasn't all that wild about the sound the Elixirs were giving me. I gave these a try and haven't looked back. I have both  six and twelve-string Taylors and Taylor suggests Elixirs and ships them installed. Try these Martins out, next time you need to change strings. I think you will like them.
1068	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable. Great for music instruments and strangling those that don't like your music! Cheep too.

295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my Yamaha EX5 in addition to the FC3 and FC7. I needed the whole set to setup different parameters and control to each. works great!
While you can use this for jazz if you have the right touch and technique, you will probably find that this is more suited to classic rock, heavier blues-infused rock and even British and surf rock from the 1960s. It would also work in some progressive rock scenarios as well as electric blues.
8458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Now i can rock my face off. Holds pick really tight.

8134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Are you looking for something in that holds up? You found it
And lastly, I didn't have any trouble fitting it on my pedalboard. The battery door and screw do stick out, but if you put velcro on so that it lines around the edges of the battery door it becomes even and will fit on the board fine. Or, you could just put it on the board sideways so that the battery door lies in between the bars of your board.
You might need an adapter if you plan to use a 9VDC power supply instead of the battery. My guy at Sweetwater Music sent me the needed item.
406	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to go wrong here.  But works fine.
6757	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent clamps, strong and light. Great price, too. Much better than my old ones.
7848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good, would like the rate to go tighter and total range wider.

Mine came with a set of black tapewound strings that I really like - they're not the slick 'wind-less' black Labella's I once used; the windings feel almost like standard flatwounds but the coating is extremely easy on the fingers. I should say I got mine from a third party seller and can't be sure those strings are stock.

1870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So far so good, they may go bad at some point, but I don't move them, so they may last longer than usual.
6226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for a long, long time, there really is no way to know how many different picks I've tried. A lot. I've found quite a few here and there that I've liked for short periods of time, but I almost always end up going to back to the heavier (like blue and purple) regular Tortex picks. I like the feel of the those picks, my only complaint really is that I'm pretty hard on a pick (mostly from practicing scales); I tend to wear the edges and tip down pretty fast, but I can never bring myself to just throw them out. I always seem to have piles of useless picks!
6.  It has a tuner...who doesn't love turners? haha
3949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these strings for my son he plays heavy metal music and he  won't use any other brand they have a great sound they stay in tune well and last a long time!
3444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my son loves it good sound and tone
( very minor you have to look close for)that Gibson would never pass. But I am comparing a Lincoln to a Ford here. They both will drive you in comfort, but the Lincoln( Gibson) does it perfectly on a smoother easier ride. But I have to say the Epiphone is a top of the line Ford for comparision sake. The neck is nice, smooth and not to bulky as I found on some of the Low priced Gibsons, sound is very nice, the finish is suprisingly nice for a 350 guitar. The defects are really minor to mention but I had to mention them because Gibsons are a perfect animal in the top price range. I would say this guitar could sell for twice the price. But due to LOW Chinese labor plus a well made Computer program cutting these crafted Guitars to be as close to perfect every time, time after time at a amazing price. The guitars are setup here in America.
4755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This tremelo pedal works nicely and it's great when you're playing through an amp without tremelo. Problem solved! The price was also very good.
3497	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My high rating is not for the quality, but for the VALUE of these inexpensive guitars. With few notable exceptions, (i. e. hand made custom guitars) absolutely ALL new guitars require set up. Any reputable dealer should do some set-up before selling a guitar. Although when you buy a guitar via mail, you're unlikely to receive that service.
I used a wire cutter to snip a little strap material away from the strap slits.  This prevented the strap from bunching up when installing and the strap material sits flat against the washer.
976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality, and better than fiddling around with two cables.
690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for my handycam.
7581	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after a month. Don't buy this item.
7937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Traditional Reeds.
Item arrived on time and in good condition
7841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
As I have only owned this guitar for 24 hours I will probably come back in a couple of weeks to edit my review.
2744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great chord for anyone needing to not spend the money on a high quality chord... It's no PEAVEY but it works just as good...
7030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good strings
9061	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these for years now. Tried others but these will always be my pick of choice.
7606	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I Am A Harmonica Master & Hohner Is King.
6240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this for use with the Boss DD-20 as a tap-tempo. It does the job well, it's a little big for what it is, but definitely worth having with a delay pedal
875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Obviously, quality sound transmission is what counts with a guitar cable, but this cable really is a good looker.  Very nice.
9879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good pick, good price.
7440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	kids like it
1598	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great, love it
So much sustain for a bolt on neck. I was shocked.
5554	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case holds my Korg pa900 with room for a pedal inside.  The outside pocket will hold the. power cord and my iPad. Although it is not a hard case it does have thick enough foam to keep its shape and provide the protection I want.  The tie down stamps are wide and padded to hold my keyboard firmly with their Velcro fasteners.
As an aside, these passive Alesis Monitor One's sound much better than the active Alesis M1 Active Mk II monitors do. The active monitors use the same woofer and tweeter, and the active crossover network is even smoother, but unfortunately the M1 Active's have very sloppy, boomy, undefined one-note bass that ruins the otherwise smooth balance of their sound. A real pity.

I like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! I also have small fingers and hands.
Two local community bands that I'm in use standard unpadded music folders that are 12 3/4" wide x 14 1/4" high x 1/4" thick, with two pockets that can each accommodate 3/4" of music.  This Protec folder is 11 3/4" wide x 13 3/4" high x " thick, with pockets that can each hold an inch of music.  Either folder is sufficiently large for any band music in our band's huge library.
3540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This screams quality, I'm glad I bought it.
929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect!
2715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The mic is well made (heavy on the "mic" end), but I have yet to try it with my pop filter and multi-track studio.
5471	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works perfectly. It's what I was looking for. I like this brand and the products they make. You should give it a try.
7057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For me it is very difficult to program this thing.  Sigh.
8197	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Officially, I don't know about guitar strings.  Best, worse. Just buy a name brand. Martin makes a pretty descent guitar, so I'm guessing strings are just as good.  no tinny reverb sound. just a clear tone
  Dunlop Ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.
5083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have never owned a Straplock system prior to owning these Dunlops, and boy am I amazed!  Every straplock system I've used in the past, on friends' guitars, semi-permanently mounted the strap to the guitar - often with extra ties and all manner of things that made it impractical to detach the strap on a whim.  In contrast, these locks have a mechanism that make it trivially easy to pop the strap on and off - it's great!  Better still, the hardware fit almost perfectly into my existing screw holes, making installation trivial.  And the new posts are so close in size and shape to the old ones that I think I could slap any strap onto my guitar in a pinch, using the posts like the OEM ones.  This is a great system, and I would highly recommend it for anyone who uses a strap on any electric guitar.
Well, the GRAMMA solved my problem.  My sub completely covers the logo etc., and looks if it`s just sitting on the floor.  Other reviewers have commented on the superior performance of their subs using this unit, and while I can`t necessarily make that claim, I can tell you it does what it`s supposed to do!
Thank you Amazon for selling professional music gear on your site.
5261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you play guitar or bass you need one of the cables. This is a good heavy duty cable with sturdy ends. The one end has the mute switch built in to make changing instruments or killing a circuit easy. Total pro!

1039	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cheap cables that hold up well.
Cons: None!

8382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are considered among the very best picks ever, and this reputation responds to the truth of it. If you are a shredder or a jazz guitar player, these are a must. These are not for strumming though ... I am totally happy with these, although they are not the only I use because shredding is not the only type of music I am playing.
6826	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I initially bought this capo because of the good reputation Kyser had for making them. I have a friend who but one of their capos about 4 years ago and it still clamps onto his guitar's fretboard with an authority. I went ahead and but this one here. I've had it for a few months but imediately after using it I noticed that it takes a more careful positioning to get it to clamp down on all the strings and not get a buzz. This one seems to be made to a more lower quality standard than its earlier counter-part. However I won't give it less than four stars because it does do its job, just takes about ten seconds more time to set up. Good Capo, Cheap Price
9399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought it 3 years ago here at amazon and I couldn't be happier.  This was my first electric and after over a year of owning it, I got a way more expensive Fender Strat and I still prefer how this Epiphone feels; it is really lightweight, a lot more that even other Les Pauls and the distance between frets is smaller than the one in other guitars I have tried, this makes it VERY easy to play, it stays in tune and it looks really REALLY lovely.
8992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good capo, works well.


7322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very very good product! I have no complains about it.  Definitely a great buy and a Must have in your pedalboard.
3192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for our son after buying him the full Rocksmith game for Christmas. It doesnt come with a stand for the guitar. Its compact, light but sturdy. Its holding up his guitar with no problems and no worries of it getting knocked over. Very nice for the price!!

4540	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Martin strings are awesome.
992	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cable works great.  When I opened it, the text on it looked worn  but I am gonna use it anyhow. Grest price, minor cosmetic stuff, but it works well.
2160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best DJ cartridges on the planet IMO & nothing compares. The price is great too compared to the ortofons. I've never had a problem with damaging the vinyl after hours of scratching. I have had that issue with other cartridges tho.
8585	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	fat picks
1541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fi the bill perfect, you saved outdoor movie night!
6036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thank you
7610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works good
4907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser has a customer for life, I've been using a kyser capo now for nearly 12 years. I move a lot (military) and sometimes my belongings either get lost in the move or I can't bring much with me. So I periodically have to buy new capos. A few months ago I thought I'd experiment and get a different brand(s) for (less than) half the price and it was straight garbage. Kyser is the best and I will never stray from them in the future.
2210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've got several of these and they keep on chugging. Nice and flexible, and solidly built. Haven't had a problem with them yet!
9885	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	a joy to play even "right out of the box"-- makes even this self-taught novice sound good--so happy to finally have a well-made, great-
2010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, for those who say this microphone isn't as good as a Shure SM58, you're right. It's much better. Warmer, clearer, larger sweet spot, more output before feedback. I don't understand the reviews describing this mic as muddy. I had it side by side with an SM58 plugged directly into a JBL EON with flat EQ. I tried the SM58 first then the e835. It was like wiping the fog off of a window. Suddenly I could "see" what I was missing in the aural spectrum. I put my SM58 on Craigslist about 2 hours after buying one of these. Don't hesitate. This is the new industry standard.
This cable appears to be well constructed and it works fine for me(amateur use, infrequent setup/teardowns).
9571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these drum heads are simply the best, i have been using them for25 years. i put this head on my snare which i have never tried before and i love it!!!
7759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent..
9700	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My "go-to" pick!
How to Adhere: This is a very common question in forums, and every person will give you a different method. Here are 2 of experiences with them, and how I managed to get them on.

1814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product great price. as long as you take care of them they seem as though they will last quite a while.

5532	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	this works really well.
Digital camcorders, most of which do not have a mic preamp
4611	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these, trust these, what more can you say?
3587	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Went to local place to check out hands-on.  I was not impressed at all.  The thing just felt cheap.  I could not imagine playing it for long.  It was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy.  Other than body shape, it was nearly identical to the Epiphone SG-Special Electric Guitar sold at the same price.
6902	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The 1.0 mm Dunlop Ultex feel MUCH thinner than 1.0.  Very flimsy and small.  No grip.  Stay with your old Dunlops, these Ultex Dunlops are terrible.  Dreadful.
5295	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job nicely. I wanted one with a distinctive look to make it easier to find. Holds the strings, no buzz, easy on and off.
4442	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice acoustic strings.  The sound nice.
5570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A real beauty and plays well too!
8544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are the thinnest I've seen, and great for beginner strummers on acoustic. The pick is a little loud when strumming on electric. Really only useful for strumming though.
8016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These things are surprisingly resilient for how light they are!
8779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really, it's a good product.


8156	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Best picks around until I found the new Max Grip picks.
622	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7569	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are simply great reeds.
3. Adjustable. You can move the metal to better fit your head if needed.
3790	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Love Vater brand drumsticks. I've been using them since the early 2000's and don't plan on changing anytime soon.
8847	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it's so simple and so cheap, that's why I love it. it holds about 6 picks, weighs almost nothing, will slip on and off with no issues and it's not very noticeable without the picks. it's great and simple which is what we need more of and before I forget, it can hold multiple gauge picks at the same time without any issue of the thinner gauges dropping out.
1778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAAA++++++++++thanks
In a shootout in my studio with more than 20 different models of mics, the SM57/58 were clearly near the bottom of the list.  Virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better.  And I'm not talking about comparing it to $3500 Neumann U87 mics either... half of the mics we used can be had for under $150.  Another, much better choice in a similar price range is the AKG D5, or you can step up to the Shure Beta 58, which is much, much better, and a microphone I can easily recommend.  Both of these other mics also have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback.
Deeply customizable.  I like how much control you get over every aspect of the machine, including very extensive midi settings which is great for me since I'm using this in conjunction with other synths and sequencers
4209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a really old mandolin with strings that are probably over a decade old, and recently one of the 'G' strings snapped. I bought these hoping they would work, and they did! I only replaced the one broken one and it matches the tone wonderfully, but if any other strings break I'm glad to have a dependable backup!
On the plus side, both the SM57 and SM58 are nearly bullet-proof.  You can really abuse them and they'll sound just like they did when they were brand-new.
Small, rugged, very usable as a practice amp, for street playing, recording experimentation, etc. Good stuff.

Good as described. Just not my choice.
9553	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Upon arrival to this Planet, my interdimensional membrane sensor was damage, I replace it with this magnificent blue membrane, now I can come back to my home Planet.

342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great but i should have bought longer ones
I carry extra picks and a microfiber towel to wipe fingerprints off the SG.
8808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop Tortex are the best.
7640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice product, best size I've found for jazz drumming.

The only problem I've encountered is that the spread of the bottom 'arms' makes it awkward to use for some guitars that don't have symmetrical bodies. For example.. some basses, etc.
4727	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great basic capo for a guitar.
9096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly. No complaints!

9679	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT FULLNESS FOR A 12" HEAD AND OVER TONES ARE PERFECT!
4161	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this product.
6003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks resistant and fits perfectly in my Yamaha NTX700. Happy with this new acquisition.
703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works with Canon T3i to any XLR microphone. Great quality and no reason to give it anything less than 5 stars. Not sure if it mixes down to stereo or just mono or mono stereo. Will update review when I figure that out.
8945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
2328	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was a bit hesitant to buy a low cost mic, but I don't sing live enough to justify paying full price for a higher end model. I was pleasantly surprised (relieved?) that this mic works fine for small gigs. I would recommend it if you are looking for a good mic but do not want to shell out SM58 or higher prices.
8634	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo for nylon or steel string.
3302	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used one of these for 15 or so years.  I dropped it and it broke on the gig.  Bought this one and I'm back in business baby!  Only Shure mics for me!
4089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It`s as expected..perfect pair to a professional or amateur drummer!
4141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have had one the Boss BCB cases for years. It has been on nearly every gig with me and while the plastic is worn, the power cord replaced and missing one of the locks, it still provides protection for pedals. I do wish the case was better fit for a wah or volume pedal but, the hardened plastic has taken the abuse of the weekend warrior rock star for many years. Like any ABS plastic, the outside is quite hard but will scuff, so if your one of these people that buy road gear cases that you want to keep pristine, this isn't for you. If your like me and need something that will keep the real expensive and sometimes un-replaceable pedals inside secure when it falls out of the back of your truck, gets stepped on while on stage, thrown around by band mates in the trailer, then this is the case for you. Comes with some very nice cables for connecting your gear. The cables are so nice, I tried to find them on Boss' website to order some for my other gear! (Couldn't find them) Also I think the new models come with a small power brick and power cord, my original had a short wall wart. In the end I purchased some 'One Spots' to use on the board anyway, so use what you like, just be sure its rated to handle your pedals. Would have been nice to have another voltage available but, this is not a 50 pedal board, truly made for the one-off weekend warrior. Could stand to be a bit cheaper for what it is but, it does the job.
1033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

Build/Layout
7695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Prelude strings are my second choice over Helicores, but for the money, they are well worth it.
5183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Installed on two guitars and I love them! I can switch out many different guitar straps without worrying that they will fall off. Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
5887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo. Works just as a capo should can't go wrong with this
Really, this is a wonderful all around setup that will get you far on its own.  It has very few weaknesses.  One time, I even mimic'ed an electric guitar for a song with it using the octave up features and distortion (this was the days before I had an actual electric guitar).  The only real weak point for me was the synth feature...it's not as strong in the lower registers of the bass as it is in the higher for the set-up I've had to do.
3036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great bass!
9131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, the hubby loves the camo color too!
2778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say other than it's a good cable. Good solid connections with no play. After consistent use, it's going strong.

9845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used the .60mm and .73mm Dunlop Nylon picks during my entire professional music career. I rock hard. Acoustic, electric, and Bass! I've tried almost every other pick on the market and they break far too easily. Dunlop's Nylon picks don't break, and once you find the thickness that fits your needs, you'll find that they have excellent string attack and are easily kept in grip. I rarely ever drop one of these picks while preforming. Maybe 5 times in my entire career. Buy these picks.
I'm NOT as keen on it for switching between two amps, and use a Lehle ABY box when I want that capability.
1657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cables. Hosa seems to be a good brand.
9249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ariived on time. Nice picks
2733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These will last you 6 months to a year depending on how frequently you move your equipment. and what kind of idiots get their hands on your mics.
786	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected!! Great Price to..
1. This label is Rights Reserved, like on the real one.
3741	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great Quality
1887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems
I've been very impressed with the Epiphone "Special" models.  I own a Les Paul Special II, and Special I P-90 as well.  They are fun guitars to play.  Do not be discouraged by the price.  Neither should you be afraid of the bolt-on neck.  It's a cost-cutting measure that you won't find on high-end Gibsons, but Fender has been doing that way since the 1950's.  These are great playing guitars with an iconic look and a sound all their own.
I am notorious for losing picks so I'd actually recommend getting a pick holder, even if you don't use the adhesive to stick it to your guitar, just to keep track of the picks. I find them in pants pockets, in the dryer almost every time I do laundry, and throughout the house. The pick holder has sort of cut down on that problem!
1399	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You're always going to need extra cables like these, so I like that they're fairly priced.
4224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend this mouthpiece.  if you are a student about to upgrade from a beginner instrument and mouthpiece, try this mouthpiece first even on the beginner instrument, I think that you'll notice that it takes a little less work to get a clean and full sound.  It's what I use on my Buffet Crampon R13.  A great combination.
5863	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Capo
479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use it every week at gigs.  Solid, no problems with the solder joints.  A good quality cable at a very good price.
4964	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great product!
9204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these things.  When my kit is stationary at home, I usually just have this permanently on my hihat stand's adjustment stop thing (the piece on the pole that allows you to quickly adjust it back to whatever height you set the clamp to).  It doesn't rattle and doesn't get lost.  When I gig though, I have to remember to grab it otherwise I'll lose it in transit.  I have two for when I change heads too.  It's perfect for thumb tightening opposing lugs quickly to seat the head relatively even.  I highly recommend these things!  I still have the cheapos laying around in case of an emergency, but these are my go-to keys.
  D/ G
4193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was having a lot of trouble finding a decent gig bag that would fit a 12" open back banjo. This bag's not absolutely perfect, but especially with a padded strap like this one:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Neotech-8223562-Slimline-Strap-Banjo-Regular-Brown-Leather/dp/B0043WF916/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Neotech 8223562 Slimline Strap, Banjo, Regular, Brown Leather</a>
Highly recommend these head for all types of rock and metal styles. Plus they have 4 kool colors, Black,  Red, Blue &  Classic Clear.
8105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works Great! Came on Time! Doesn't give that buzzing sound! Matches my guitar perfectly!
5845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It fits the Les Paul Custom Deluxe...great fit with plenty of storage space.
4873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fits great.  Looks smart.


9227	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Case looks nice but is to small for serious protection and the top does not properly protect the mic grille.
9143	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I should have read the description that says "Green"! My son and I was actually looking at the picture, we honestly thought it was multicolored guitar pick, again our fault, not the seller!  Other than that, no complaints! It's working like its suppose to.
448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked as expected. My RC300 sent tempo info to my SR16 right away
I was expecting a "cheap bass", but instead got a real player that I am now contemplating getting some better strings for it.
8132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used these picks for years. Always come back to them.

They make 3 or 4 picks in this line with varying degrees of tip pointiness.  I like the pointy model the others have round and rounder tips.
5752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I needed a nice strong capo for my 12 string and this fit the bill.  It takes a big squeeze to get it open but that was just what I needed.
Before you buy this guitar please consider the possibility that it might have improperly dried neck wood, a badly cut neck pocket and a poorly cut nut.
9073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My standard pick for twenty years.
8260	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these on the bottom of my poplar shells, and with some Evans G1's on the batter side, they sound like a Ludwig. Also arrived quickly.
The neck didn't hold its shape as firmly as I had hoped. Bending it too much would have it fight back and not keep as tight of a curve as I needed. This lead to some strange positions to get it in front of my microphone.

3845	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	have used these strings  for years  i love em  although they don't sound right on some guitars till they are broken in
1158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We all need extra cables in a pinch.  Nothing fancy here, straight plugs (no right angle) at a reasonable price so you can afford to have extras.  I like the length, as 10 feet is a perfect amount for almost any application, be it plugging in your instrument or going from component to component in tight areas.
3209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	was too large, returned for 4U
6631	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, clear tone, realistic feeling, i use it on my mixes and masters.
3916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good strings for a great price.
7593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play fiddle, my Dominant's started busting so I ordered these.  Great sound and the price is much better. I will stick with them from now on.
I bought a Silvertone Crusher Bass kit just a couple of weeks ago.


5685	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can you say.  It's a capo that works as it should.  Nice heavy duty construction.
852	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent guitar cable. I've been using it everyday!
- Protection is AWESOME. It's equal to any non-flight-rated hard case.
8376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, this does exactly what it says.  It slips onto my mic stand, and holds some guitar picks.  Very convenient and very useful.  I am very happy to have this.

1284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the price, I really didn't expect these cables to be as nice as they are. They are the best deal going on instrument cables.
4556	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fit,form and function .= awsome
2755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is great for running a Mic a little far from my mixer. It has worked flawlessly and is easy to plug in and unplug. The times I've needed the 15 feet, this has worked perfectly, usually with room to take an indirect route so people aren't tripping over the cable. I've got no complaints.
The mic capsule is of cardiord (heart shaped) design which helps reject sound from either side. There is a 4K bump in it's frequency which helps vocals cut through stage noise. Construction is rugged, frequency response is 50 to 15,000 Hz, and the capsule sits internally on a foam shock mount to help isolate it from handling noise.
1416	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable with heavy duty strain reliefs, thick insulation, good shielding against noise, and good quality connectors.
Second Update:  I also picked up a copy of Rocksmith.  I would have to say that Chord Buddy makes you feel like you are playing a song (strumming a few chords is all it is really doing).  Rocksmith lets you play single notes and then graduate to more, while also making you feel like you are playing along.  I would have to recommend Rocksmith over Chord Buddy, and it's cheaper to boot!

However, I find the less expensive Sennheiser E835 to be superior sounding, looks better, and works best with my Sennheiser Mic plug in.
-(**___) Durability: Durability is the weakness of Hohner overall, no surprise here.
2235	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I just received the package today which was very well packaged. but the reason why I gave only four star is because I can tell this was a return item. The box is ripped partially open the microphone wasn't even placed correctly in the plastic molding that would comfortably support the microphone for shipping. The twist tie that was holding the bundle of excessive wire wasn't professionally wrapped from Factory correctly. All indications showing that this was a return product so it was not brand new out of the box. I asked you pay for something that's brand new. So I was a little nervous at first because my thoughts were why was his return this must be defective broken until I plugged it into my amplifier to test it out. And it must have been my lucky day because the microphone and it up working perfect. The on and off switch works the cable disconnect from the mic ok and I unscrewed the top of the microphone to make sure the condenser mic was not damaged by the previous people that returned it and that seems to be intact and was not damaged. So I couldn't find anything wrong with this microphone so I'm deciding to keep it but unfortunately I'm leaving the four star because I did pay for a brand new out of the box microphone and I did not receive that. Shame on the vendor for releasing such merchandise to a consumer that is paying for something that is brand new. There should have been a small discount off on something that was actually return. But I am willing to let this go for now but I would like to make it known here to Amazon and to the public. As far as the microphone it feels like a very nice quality microphone it has good weight the frequency response according to the manual is not bad and it works very well with my amplifier. Very quiet stable microphone and seems to be a good manufactured product since I've never purchase from this vendor before. I would like to say I would recommend this vendor but like I said above I did receive a used product but I do recommend the microphone
This recorder sounds clear and loud. Hole spacing seems correct. The holes are easy to cover and there is a clear distinction between notes.

3030	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This strobe is AWESOME while it works. It is extremely bright the and great to have as a DJ.  I have come into ownership of three of the lights brandnew.  One I bought off amazon, the other two were given.  After just 3 dances, only one light works now.
8184	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great
2460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you're reading this, scroll back up and buy it. The best workhorse/versatile microphones ever made.
8354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what it says...holds 6 perfectly but can hold more if you choose to load it up...
2916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This takes me where I wanted to go. I bought this to get the big boom stand and microphone out of my face while playing drums in my band. When we played Tulsa Time at our latest gig, the audience did a double take to see where the singer was. I was hiding behind my big Paiste China cymbal. Very good sound. Not muddy, but crisp. Take note: Instructions say to hold away from the corner of your mouth. I have a beard and had to get the element right on my lips to get the sound and volume I needed , but that may be due to the fact that our PA is ancient and I was running through a secondary mixer with all my drums.
 but unplated brass would work, too!

6262	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great as expected.
As far as recording goes, using an external Mic would be no problem.  Understand that the smaller an amp is, the close proximity of a Microphone will make it sound larger.  It's only in open air and further away that the sound of the smaller speaker will show it's tininess.  If you have this amp at or near ear level or pointed up towards you at about 4-5 feet away, it sounds like a larger amp.  Regardless, I was impressed.  Great value and I would say it's above a practice amp.  It would absolutely handle a recording job as well for a different type of tone.
3858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Original crybaby.... How can you go wrong?
6886	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks make my guitar sing.
Another Tip: This foam works better when you change the direction of the pyramids with every block, as to create this pattern:
3342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what we needed to enhance our Praise band
6543	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good lighting clamp at an excellent price.  I would purchase these again.

7625	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good! Much quieter, would like to learn how to use these properly. But the tips break too easily, maybe that's me,  maybe it's the nature of that type of drumstick.
This Ultex seems very resistant to wear and has surprisingly little drag over the string.  I find the matte finish very easy to grip and hold.  It gives just enough to use for smooth strumming, while being rigid enough for individual notes.
2724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality product.
6849	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these picks but I cant understand why I still co not sound like Jimi???

673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to connect my Midi Pro adapter (for use with xbox 360) to my Roland TD-20.
5036	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had to actually follow the instructions and drill holes as specified, then it worked like a charm!  Glad I got them, much less hassle tuning up for a gig.
3870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wah-wah-wah.
4151	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The D string I received had a kink in it, rendering it unusable.  Had to buy another set.  Probably won't buy again.

Everyone who has tried them in various settings has commented on how comfortable they are and on how nice they sound. I am VERY happy with these headphones and will be buying more soon.
9275	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you ever need a double pedal patch or a single pedal patch, buy this one. This product is durable and helps you bass drum head last a very long time.

398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are well built and will last.  Miidi cables don't have to be fancy.  Get the length that best reduces your cable clutter.
2563	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this thing rocks, let's start with I got this so fast I couldn't believe it, showing my girl pics of it the same week I ordered it, she was visiting and it came in that day! it was less than a week, wild!
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
My last cable advice is never deconstruct something you custom made.  It will no doubt be needed again, and since you made it you'll know why, how, and where it was used before, thus you save time not recreating a past fix rather pulling it from your magic box of tricks and solving the problem.  People think you can hook anything up where others tried and failed furthering your staff position.  My only exception goes to cables that violate every standard and didn't serve to fix the problem like that phase reversed ground lifted XLR 4 pin stereo Y splitter to dual TRS female cable I made for the harmonica duet where the performers had nose rings and lip bars pierced and kept getting static with their mics when they held the harmonica up to their jewelry.  I chalked that up to being part of the intended musical signal, wondering just how much it hurt to play with all the piercings scraping along the harmonica when I setup my monitor speakers to listen to just that (stereo) channel in rehersal at the console.
6110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pedal for use in my project studio.  I wanted some creamy overdrive and increased sustain for my Strat.  It's a good pedal, but it does require a little finesse.  If you turn everything up to "11," it sounds pretty bad--harsh and abrasive.  By backing off the output ("volume" knob) from the guitar, you can get some good rock tones, at a variety of distortion levels.  Want it a little grungier?  Turn up the distortion.  A little edgier?  Turn up the tone control, to increase the treble.  Use the volume knob to control your levels into your amp or mixer.  Simple.  Just don't max out the guitar output going into the unit, and you'll have tons of tonal colors to play with.  I'm running the pedal as a DI box, straight into the mixer, with some outboard compression from a rack mounted unit.  Makes some very sweet sounds.  Very easy for recording.  But one caveat: This is pretty much for lead guitar, only.  It's too grungy for chord work.
3595	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For a starter guitar, this little axe is pretty darned good! I've got a little trouble keeping it in tune but that's nothing a new nut and a new set of tuners can't fix. I love the simplicity of this LP Special II. It's lighter than an actual LP so I can play it for longer (I like to play standing up, even when just practicing). The tone sounds great. I LOVE the color (I named her Sunny). No issues with the paint job and everything fits together quite nicely. I can't tell y'all how happy I am that I decided to pull the trigger on this purchase!
694	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used this to connect a lavalier microphone to the 7D camera. It is long enough so that you can be away from your subject.
  - Works just like you expect
: )
9255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use super heavy gator picks for y electric as they aid my speed picking.
Pro-Mark Rapps last for months and months, they don't leave residue when you do have to change them, and they even come in a nice variety of colors and patterns.  The black, white, and red speckle design is very nice, I can tell you, and I like the black and white checkerboard pattern too.
7433	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I received this guitar for my birthday and I was very excited play it as I had wanted a new acoustic bass for many years.  As I started to play, it became apparent very quickly that this guitar was a cheap piece of junk. I have played many Dean guitars over the years and I have always thought that Dean made a quality product. The action on this instrument is terrible. The last several frets were actually touching the stings. Also, the end of the frets were extremely sharp and made it almost impossible to play. Dean obviously has no quality control with this product. Buyer beware!!!
8341	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thanks
9211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pics work good
2955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Incredible!  Spectacular!  Fantastic!  Amazing!  Unbelieveable!  Stupendous!  Sensational!  Marvelous!  Fabulous!  Ideal!  Perfect!  Legendary!  Awesome!  Dynamite!  Marvellous!
790	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	HOSA Cables, Once again , Rock On!!
4137	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing.... it's pure awesome! I've had other pedal boards in the past and nothing compares to this beauty! Granted, it's really designed for the common Boss size pedals but with the "blank" pads that come with it you can make it do what you want. Kind of weird to get the wah pedal lined out, although it does fit all the way to the right with a little modification. Excellent for keeping the cable clutter to a minimum and I love the built-in power via daisy chain! Thankfully I'm almost exclusively using Boss pedals now, makes it a breeze to change out, modify the setup at will without having too much to do!
* They look very nice.
3972	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality, does what it was made for
reason nickel was no longer wanted or the tonal shifts of the 1960s. A compromise was brought
9409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Added a proper double-pedal to my e-kit and wanted to protect the mesh head.  Works perfectly for that, however I was a little perturbed to notice the trim was not clean and the printing not centered.  Quibbles, but still.  On a positive note the adhesive is aggressive, but not overly so.  I centered the patch then realized my left striker was JUST on the edge.  The package includes two patches so I figured Id try to move #1.  It came off easily and stuck back on perfectly in a new position - thats great.
1176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	amazing product
2642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shure SM58 LC is a real beaut. Works very well .
5123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The circuit breaker on/off switch really made switching guitars easy without turning down volume on amplifier... I tested the right angle  1/4 plug to Gibson LP studio electric guitar and It gave me a solid click and the cable stayed in place very well during the 20 minutes test playing sitting down and playing while walking around in the kitchen .  For the Martin GPCPA5 acoustic/electric guitar, the right angle 1/4 plug was pushed in but can't achieve the solid click.. Just flushed tight only .. During my 20 minutes testing, it came loose twice dropping connection ... I know with my Live wire elite 10' cable, I was able to get a solid click connection with both the Martin and the Gibson.  I think this is a plug tolerance deviations between various manufacturers.  I am happy with the sound quality of this planet wave /  D'addario cable.  Perhaps if I ever have to go on stage with this cable, I will have to limit my movements so the plug won't come loose with my Martjn guitar.  I also noticed this cable tends to tangle into mini loops.  Perhaps due to the long length.  Prime membership really shined with this shipment.  I ordered this cable on Sunday evening and it arrived around 8am Monday morning.  I was really shocked of my good karma :)) overall, I like this solidly made cable and the packaging was outstanding too :)
As expected, this is a real workhorse of microphones; the sound is clear, crispy, robust, high quality product.
20	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great package for beginners. I never played a ukelele before but I learned to play guitar many years ago.  I have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so I downloaded an app called "Easy Ukelele" available in Amazon and Google Playstore for free.  That is the only ukelele tuner I can recommend for beginners as it actually listens to your Ukelele and tells you when your device is in tune. I purchase this as gift to my son's 5th birthday that is coming up in 2 weeks so I have not yet preview the DVD and CD that came with it. I did however, checked and played with the ukelele while my son is at school, sleeping or playing outside to make sure that it is properly working when he open the box on his birthday and before the return period runs out.
3355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality and feeling
8870	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Im not loyal to brands on the whole but when I reach for a pick I hope this is the one I get. They wear out and get nicks so I have to remember to keep ordering them.
9837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my band mate uses these picks, and he never uses his back ups due to no slipping.  great picks for the price

As you can see, not every crash on this page is the same. In fact, the two I just described are practically polar opposites in every way from physical configuration to sonic characteristics. In case you are wondering I own both of these because they came bundled with a promotional box set. Combined they greatly expand your sound palette; however, if you are searching for individual crashes do choose carefully because there is more to these than mere size.
2989	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality rack screws.  Not much more to say about it, really.  They were a decent price and got the job done like they were supposed to.  My only possible complaint is that it's strange to sell an odd number of screws since I can't fathom any gear needing an odd number of screws to mount.  ;)
7160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use this for my solo act (with piano). Always set it up, but don't always use it. Took me some time to find the right patterns to match with my songs, needs more 3/4 time beats, but overall is pretty good. Really fun to jam / practice with. Mainly use 2 patterns on the whole thing (one up beat rocking and another mellow / ballad).
The design encorporates bearings that allow the strap to freely move around/rotate on the post, which is exactly what you want.  The schaller ones (see below) have a major flaw in them from my family's experience.  We will never run anything other than this design going forward.
See Photo.
4518	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Had no problem putting these on my Epiphone Thunderbird bass.


5201	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great capo! It is not hard to put on at all, and it fit my 6 string guitar perfectly, while looking great!
2192	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Who says you have to spend an x amount of hundreds even thousands of dollars on a phono cartridge to listen to crisp and detailed vinyl/analog playback ? However, words like crisp and detailed are very meager adjectives to describe the musical sonic characteristics of this cartridge (true, the rest of your component system's own sound characteristics come into play, i.e; receiver,amp,pre-amp,turntable,speakers).If any part of your audio system does not have that "synergy", then you may notice either slight, miniscule shortcomings from the cartridge or system or both. For those with already a warm or neutral sounding system will be dramatically surprised and awestruck. For those who have just the opposite type of system and also may have an eq inline, you may want to adjust your treble settings. The AT 440ML is NOT a neutral or "warm" sounding cartridge---far from it. The upper mids and highs will possibly have your dog running out of the room. It's not bass shy either. Bass is firm  but never muddy or boomy. It reproduces the lows and highs very well. There are no punchy mids (though the mids are reproduced admirably but not accurately). Some critics have said this cartridge out of the box and installed properly is reminiscent of having an inline equalizer and it's frequency knob controls in the "v" formation. Stereo channel separation is probably the best these ears have heard over any other stereo cartridge I have had in the past (from the Grado Prestige Series to a couple of high-end Shure cartridges).There is definitely a 3-dimensional sonic imaging characteristic in the AT 440ML (especially noted with acoustic and jazz music). The Audio Technica beats most other hi end named brands to the punch with such wide stereo stage channel separation. I have closed my eyes with headphones on or with speakers and I always hear and experience the "you are there" feeling that makes me appreciate records much more than the cold 2-dimensional flat sound of audio cd's. Female vocals have a soft but clear presence. Male vocals are well reproduced. The micro-linear stylus reaches deep into the grooves without carving the vinyl (YES ! a wonderful light tracker that requires anywhere from .8 to 1.6 g of tracking force).This will cut down on the wear and tear of your vinyl collection as well as your cartridge/stylus...
4197	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend this mouthpiece.  if you are a student about to upgrade from a beginner instrument and mouthpiece, try this mouthpiece first even on the beginner instrument, I think that you'll notice that it takes a little less work to get a clean and full sound.  It's what I use on my Buffet Crampon R13.  A great combination.
2274	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The short version of this review: If you're a beginner I would not recommend this product. If you're an intermediate player approach with caution. If you're looking for a solid tool for home recording consider buying a nicer virtual instrument plug-in for your DAW or perhaps even a real Pocket POD before this thing. I am very disappointed in this product considering the other options.
If ALL you do is strum an accoustic and sing about your dead wife and wine and grits this pick is perfect!
* The guitar comes with very light bendy strings. This is probably due to market data that tells Epiphone that the bulk of buyers for this guitar are teen Guitar Heros who think that string bending every note is an essential aspect of shredding and wailing. If you plan to put heavier strings on the guitar (like 12-51s for example) for jazz or other styles of music then you will probably need a truss rod adjustment to compensate for the added tension. If you don't know how to do this, ask someone who does. You can ruin a guitar, permanently, by being too aggressive with a truss rod adjustment.
2100	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I made a mistake when I bought this thinking it was another percussion toy.  I'm glad I made this mistake.  The sounds this makes are incredibly relaxing and soothing.  It has good tone and resonance.  I'm enjoying the teen playing with it to learn how to bring out different sounds as they would on their percussion chimes.  As Bob Ross was fond of saying, there are no mistakes, just happy accidents.
3134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Compact, portable, and sturdy.  I trust it with my guitars.  I don't gig with it often, but I think it would do well on the road!
2823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had these for four years and they still work. They're not comfortable at all for people with larger ears, though. I only use these for mastering, now, but I can't wear these for more than an hour. 5 stars for lasting this long and me beating the crap out of them.
For a few bucks more I'll stick with Schaller's. I have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail.
In an affordable P-Mount cartridge the AT311EP and the Shure M92E are the ones to consider right now for under $50.  Of the two the AT311EP sounds much better to me.  So P-Mount choices have narrowed dramatically in the past few years with most of the better P-Mount cartridges already gone and this midline AT311EP apparently barely escaping death. I love my old linear tracking turntable that uses P-Mount cartridges and this AT cartridge makes it sound way better to me. While it isn't the best in the world it beats the Shure in the high frequencies and for under $75 the AT311EP is the best P-Mount left that I know about.  I am perfectly happy with it when playing clean records in good shape but not as happy with older worn records.  This AT cartridge is not very forgiving at all.  Wear and scratches are going to be very apparent.  If it has a fault, it is clarity.

---- Strap...$5 for a basic nylon one
9466	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I only use these picks.
8460	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	does what I expected
Hence ordered the GK-61. The product in itself is quite good! Finish is good its got good padding on the sides. Two padded straps to protect your keyboard. However it is way bigger for a 61 key keyboard ( i have a fantom x6).

1270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This came in very handy when I needed it.
Keep in mind that this deep-groove tracing microlinear stylus by design,in picking up such fine musical detail, will also pick up record surface noise and dirt;That's right, that snap,crackle, and pop from static,dirt, or lint. Majority of micro-linear cartridges will do that as opposed to conical or elliptical styli that sort of tend to almost try to soften,mask or even blend out surface record noise.  Conical or elliptical styli,with their larger "footprint" tip, will push dirt and other debris out of the way on the record's surface. They also do not reach deep into the groove and make that much of an accurate contact with the groove's wall as a microlinear stylus does. The microlinear stylus will reach deeper into the groove where there is more accumulated dirt or debris;it's a fact(being a light tracker however, this will not wear out your records as fast as a regular stylus cartrdige would). So, I also recommend using an anti-static brush on those not so pristine records. This is the only other area where maybe it's competitor ,the Shure M97xE cartridge, might come out a little ahead; Shures are well known and admired for their almost quiet record surface noise playback and background !
1211	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly.
7444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good reads and less expensive than purchasing from music store.

a lovely Paris Swing model, I got a dozen of these to start strumming with. No-frills, nice soft sound (less "plinky" for recording sessions), and affordable.
Update (9/15/2013):  Since my earlier post above, I've purchased third cello, and as in the past, I've ordered a new set of Helicore and replaced the strings that came with the cello.  I, of course, played the cello with the original strings first, but they were not good enough for me.  The new set of Helicore made amazing difference once again.  The Helicore strings on the first and second cellos are still performing wonderfully.  I love Helicore, but I am planning to test out a different set of strings next time.  I will write a review, comparing the set with Hlicore.  Until then, happy celling!
2287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sm58  no  competition ....  mic  drop
5664	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This case is not an Epiphone LP fake cheap case. Although it is made in China, it is exactly the case that you would buy or with your Epiphone LP guitar at any retail guitar store, at a price of $99 and up!
I've purchased three pop filters thus far in the last four months.  The most recent one I purchased was NOT this one.  I wish it was.  I thought I'd try something different, just to see the differences.  Well, I can tell you that there are significant differences between this, and some of the others featured here.

8591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice, tight hold, with no muffled areas. Easy to apply and remove with one quick gesture. I've used capos off and on since the early 1970s, and this one is by far the easiest one I've worked with. Highly recommended.
4253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For all the dolts who complained about the size... Be aware that that's how they are. If you know about slide and how to play you'd know these medicine bottle slides are always loose to fit. By using your supporting fingers adjacent to the one you chose to place the slide on, you get a comfortable grip. Slide is all about dampening and tonality.. BE AWARE. Great little thing but a bit smaller than the original corricidian bottles. ENJOY!
8070	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NICE

1118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NICE CABLE FOR THE REASONABLE PRICE,EVEN BETTER THEN I EXPECTED.
621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I was searching for MIDI cables for my ART X-15 foot controller, I came across these Hosa ones, and they were $2 dollars each! As they are now $6, I realize I would still be happy with that price as well, as they are high quality plastic and metal connectors, and work flawlessly. You must realize that they are only 5 feet, as I overestimated it and now wish they were longer. For any connection from racked sound modules, this will be perfect.
8826	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic replacement for someone who digs single-ply coated heads but would like some more durability and low end punch. These take the freaking cake.
8463	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a backup. have a high end DW, that is now my backup lol. Pedal feels great, plays like a MUCH more expensive pedal! Love it!
7373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Spectraflex cables are very flexible, thin and convenient to use. Good chrome connectors and decent construction though out. I highly recommend them.
6781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pick. Allows you to feel the strings and is stiff enough for the power chords.
7892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and good value. Was large enough for my large Schecter.

1017	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased several cables of different configuration by Hosa, and they are high quality flexible cables at a great price!

1360	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately this switch creates a large pop when switch on or off. For a DJ or game announcer it is entirely unacceptable to have a big pop every time the mic mutes or un-mutes. It would have only added a very small margin to have done this right. The engineer in me wanted to take it apart and add a resister and cap to fix the problem. I chose to return it.
330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	OK
4481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased many guitars in my lifetime because I own a music school. Dunlop makes great products and these are amazing. Strap locks prevent your guitar from slipping off of the strap by creating a locking system with your guitar strap. It does take some work to get the straps to lock, but with some pliers and a youtube video, you can figure out how to attach these to your guitar strap. I would purchase another set when needed and I recommend these to my students.
792	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Style and function...
2536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed at a really good price!
8612	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, holds good in the stand and holds 6-7 picks


6502	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really stylish capo, functional.
even though they break easy, are less nimble, and cost more i still have to have a pair in my stick bag. they feel and sound very different then reg sticks. they are a good way to bring down volume without hitting softly. on some material i like the way they sound better then sticks.
9866	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using this pick for years already. It has just the right thickness to play rock/alternative or even pop songs. Highly recommended.
1987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Love this microphone.
591	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	FIVE STARS
1110	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
4814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Wow, you would have thought this was the Holy Grail when it arrived at my house.  My son practically ran to the UPS man when the truck pulled up.  He is thrilled with this guitar.  Great purchase.
I used these stands for years, until one of my trumpets was knocked over with only a slight brush by my knee. The trumpet fell on a hard floor and damaged the 2nd valve slide assembly; after hundreds in repair bills, it never worked well again.
My only complaint is that it makes a lot of squeaking noise at first, but that will settle out as the leather loosens around the pegs where it connects.
- No cold solder connections internally
7422	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used these strings for quite a while now. They have a fantactic tonal quality and longevity. If you're looking for a good string that last a fair amount of time before dead string syndrome hits... I'd recommend these.
Cons:
6190	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I just don't get why so many people use this capo. In my experience, it is useless.
Additionally, the release of the system varies. Some of the clips were very easy to release and some of the clips were pretty much impossible to separate.

6857	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thanks
Being an old electronics tech I noted that the locking tab was deformed - poor quality components.

4533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Theses sounded pretty good and have a nice feel.  I hope they last a while
I pulled the strings as far as they would go and it's still a saggy mess - then you end up with 2 feet of cord.  I'll hold on to it for use with any 76 key I might encounter, but totally worthless for something smaller.  It is decent material - but you're better off covering your 61 key with a towel than this thing.
455	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product

- Rubberized Clamps
1917	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This unit worked once, then it was all static, all the time (except when turned off).  I tried different batteries and no luck.  Apparently defective.


5935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a nice and simple pedal. Great high treble sound for my stratocaster. solid build
The finish and general fit and balance of the guitar are great. There was a time when budget guitars screamed cheap and were quite obviously low class in a lot of areas. Those days are past with the Epiphone LP Special II.
5916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchase two other capos before this one. This is by far the best.
2325	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	So far it seems great sensitivity wise and the on off switch is very convenient.
5247	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good
1897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great patch cables especially for the price. They don't suck any tone they are reliable(I've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.
7434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	they work fine, im a beginner, so I don't know much better
6244	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I bought one of these in July of 2013.  I had a black one that I have owned for over 10 years and works great.  This one, the spring doesn't keep the string down snug enough to prevent buzzing.  A complete waste of money.  I am going to buy one of these in the future...http://smile.amazon.com/G7th-Performance-Capo-String-Silver/dp/B0007GGUGA/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1447375034&sr=1-1&keywords=g7%20capo%20for%20acoustic%20guitar
1)  there are no options for drum intros and extros

1183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great experience. Fast shipping.
6351	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks!  Lighter, better than the cheaper ones I had at home - yet a great price.  Will buy again.
Not sure I like the fact that these don't have any rubber padding to protect the finnish of whatever the clamp is used on, or that it has a ribbed form which puts two sharp edges in contact with the tube. That can't be good for the finnish.
Both sound great, it's up to you to choose the preferred "texture", I'm leaning toward the Max-Grip, but these still sound great.
6804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are a cross between extra light and light guage strings.  Having experimented with the same or similiar gauge strings in other brands I have settled on these.  They are better than the coated strings for sure.  I don't care how long they last, because they sound so good.  The feel is way better than the old comparatively "sticky" sets available 30 years ago.  Good feel, above average durability, great tone.  If your accoustic does not sound fantastic with a set of these, you should buy a better guitar.
8752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does exactly what it says it does, and it keeps me from fumbling around for another pick in the middle of a song when one goes rogue. I don't play long enough to justify buying the 12" version. And even when I'm dropping picks right and left, this thing holds six or seven extras, depending on how you arrange them.
I bought this for use with my Roland TD30-KV drum kit, allowing me to use the 8 semi-separate outputs to send off to the PA system. Actually, I plug this into a 8-channel isolation transformer (By ART), which then feeds off to the PA System, to eliminate hum/noise, and, to turn the unbalanced outputs into balanced XLR to go to the mixer.
8894	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have been using these picks for over 5 years now. I mainly use them for my Epiphone Dove (acoustic) with Ernie Ball Slinky (electric) strings (10 gauge). Great string attack. Very comfortable compared to the Tortex picks. However, it's a preference. Would recommend for you to pick some up and try them and see what's best for you and your taste.
5768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought some cheap capo's a while back, trying to save a buck, and regretted it. I bought this one, having had a kyser a few years back. This capo is very reliable and well made. No complaints. You get what you pay for.


Let's start by saying the MK kicks proverbial butt and then discuss the few things some people complain about.
There's plenty of sounds and kits and options to tweak. If you can't make this sound good, you're not trying. I cut my teeth years ago with a Sequential Circuits Drumtrax and an Alesis HR16 and I don't find the SR18 difficult to use. You will probably need to read the manual and keep it handy for reference, but I can't imagine any modern drum machine being much easier to use.
This guitar came well packaged.  I opened it and could not find one flaw during the physical inspection.

1960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A necessity to ensure less damage to the record and stylus of vinyl.  Takes a little to use, but still great.
4494	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Definitely mellowed the sound of my guitar.  Nice change of pace if you,re looking to soften the tone for more intimate playing
You have control over the "depth" or "amount" of effect, and you can control how fast the effect pulsates the sound.
6721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to hook a Chauvet LED to a speaker stand.  Worked great and beats just sitting it on the stage
7309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you play Kompa guitar. You can't play without this pedal.
1. Do not buy guitar online, buy it in the local Guitar Center for example! Listen to the actual instrument. If you like the sound take it!
350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
3801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Reeds are a personal choice, and after spending several months trying out a wide variety of reeds, I've settled on these for the time being. They're consistent and don't require too much adjustment, they produce a nice tone and are very responsive. On my Rico Reserve X0 mouthpiece the 3.5 is about the right strength though I might try some 4's as well. 56 Rue Lepic's aren't right for every player, but they're definately worth trying if you're in search for a new reed.
5246	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have had this cable for a little bit now and have used it almost daily. Its a GREAT cable especially if you switch guitars. Quality and sound are fantastic!
3138	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Again, you have GOT to protect your investment and one of your best friends.
2457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this microphone.  I could go on for a long time about its features and reputation, but I'd rather speak about its usability.  Firstly, it is a highly directional mic - don't expect to pick up much from the sides or back of it, making it a great, focused instrument mic.  I also attached a windscreen on it (also purchased from Amazon) and I've found that this mic is surprisingly capable as a vocal mic, too.  Don't be afraid to put this mic in front of very loud sound sources, like amps or snare drums.  It'll handle just about anything you throw at it.  If you're like me and have your own home studio, the SM 57 is absolutely essential.  I don't have too many mics, but the 57 has taken over about 95% of my recording tasks, even replacing my condenser mic for vocals.  I could not be happier with this mic.
The Special 20 has a plastic comb that will not warp with moisture. You can only hear the difference of comb material inside your head as you play. It has NO effect on the sound leaving the instrument into the room. Your audience will never hear a wooden comb vs. a plastic comb. The idea that they can is pure mythology--period. So save your mouth some pain and fatigue and get a Special 20.
5449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not a fan of the stick tips (they are pretty tiny), but that is just personal preference (I play VF 5A's) and I bought them for the mallets anyways. Mallet ends are great, not super dense but thick enough to be sturdy. Wish they were a tad cheaper but I knew what I was paying and what I was getting. Good purchase.
8191	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used these for years don't change a thing

GHS Boomers GB9.5:  0095  - 0115  - 016 - 024w - 034w - 044w
3482	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The guitar sounds and feels beautiful, especially for it's price. I've been jammin out with it alot lately and trying to learn to play more. Felt nice to buy this as my first guitar. As a beginner, I can safely say it's great for beginners, but also great for just anyone in general.

6501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It works good. Notes are clear and no buzzing.
3810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's a reason Dunlop is still making them after all these years...
There is one spot in the finish, like a speck of sand under the clear coat.  It's a little bump, but only visible if the light catches it just right.
9648	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love it!
I'll be getting a third set to put on another guitar, and any other future guitars will likely have them as well.

In addition, I also have to say that I especially like these "Thick & Thins", 10-52 gauge (I think the Slinky equivalent is "Heavy Bottoms").  I play mostly Strats (again as far as my electrics go) and I find these give my Strats a bit fuller sound than standard 10's.  They're also fairly close to the same gauge I use on my acoustics so there's not too much of a shock when I switch back and forth.
2267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	As a freelancer, I occasionally work with a band that plays the Midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis.  These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet.  It's all about money to them.  I couldn't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57's and 58's.  I still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much).  But these Nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.
P.S. - interior has lot of empty space - if you think the padding will protect from impacts due to gravity, - then definitely i think it should be less than 1 meter or so (just a speculation). On the upside you can keep lot of additional items inside along with your keyboard (though i would avoid pointy stuff like keyboard stands etc.)
1. Tweak the pedal just to thicken your sound and give that 2 guitar effect.  Perfect if you want to fatten up that really heavy chorus in a song and make it sound really full.
9880	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son was just learning to play guitar so this was a great part of a gift for his birthday.
9523	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Classic. Not to stiff. Great for electric

Other than that, the rubber guards do not stratch my guitar neck and aren't hard on my strings. Great capo. I'd buy it again.
8792	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This nylon pick has great play feel.  It is stiff enough to pick individual strings and still feels comfortable stumming chords.
D
6349	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I normally use nylon picks but do some songs with flatpicking intros and the nylons were to flappy. These picks keep a nice bright tone, very little friction on the strings - so low string noise. Enough grip to stay put in hands well too.
8861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This picks are comfortable, nice quality. They'll get dirty as they are cream (or white as I see) but worth it!! Wanna play fast? take these n try em out

5087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome capo, looks great
2601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got exactly what I wanted with this amp. I wanted a cheap, vintage-looking amp that sounded good enough for quietly noodling around at home. This amp does not technically sound "good" but it sounds like exactly what it is, an inexpensive practice amp. I knew that was what I was getting so that's perfectly fine. With a few good pedals you can improve the sound and be happy with the basic sound this amp delivers.

7287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a couple drum machines and this one is by far the easiest to program and use.  Now I know why it's so popular with  musicians!  Great presets as well.
i highly recomend this bass.
5913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my epiphone les paul nightfall guitar and it looks and feels fantastic.


266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best expression pedal you can buy.  I had owned one previously, loved it, and unfortunately sold it because I wasn't using it any longer.  Sure enough, I needed one again, and borrowed a few other make/models from friends over the past few months.  None of the others felt solid, and they lacked quality.  One of them, another name brand, didn't even work consistently.  So, I found myself buying the pedal I knew would work and be of high quality.  The Yamaha FC7 is road-worthy, has a great feel, consistency in how it tracks, and will last you for a VERY long time.
734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	delivered quickly and works as described
2258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I run a Karaoke DJ service and my Mic's are constantly being abused by patrons who have had a little to much liquid encouragement. The included Mic cable is decent but not what I use. The Mic it's self has clean crisp sound and it has been dropped numerous times and still sounds clear and works well. I would not recommend this for actual live band use except for instrument pick ups would be fine. With that being said it does work great and is very sturdy for the Karaoke abuse.
7022	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a Martin - maybe it's just symbiotic - these strings go best with the guitar. I take blood thinners because of which I cannot use heavier strings - extra light and custom light are what I prefer and among other brands, the Martin strings live up to its name.
I have since discovered that the small gap between the front face of the comb and the reed plates on the low end of the harp (holes 1-4) was easily fixed by loosening the two screws holding the reed plates together and pushing the comb forward between the two plates. It is now properly flush and plays better.
For the ABT60E (i.e. with preamp that sticks out a little on the side) it would probably work, but I thought it was too close for comfort and the pre-amp controls seemed like they would get tweaked on the side of the interior padding, potentially damaging the guitar with repeated use of this case.

YES THERE ARE MORE EXPENSIVE MICS ON THE SCENE...BUT SHURE COMPETES WITH ALL OF THEM AND THE PRICE IS RIGHT....I AM A PROFESSIONAL SINGER AND HAVE BEEN USING SHURE MICS FOR THE LAST 40 YEARS...THANK YOU BOTH AMAZON AND SHURE FOR EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND SERVICE.

129	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It came fresh new in box. In very great condition. Loved it overall.
7931	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Always great. Priced right and timely shipping.
4119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is suppose to do and does it very well!
But allow me to elaborate on the "key" reasons you should consider buying Hohner harmonicas.
5980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+++
4231	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect, just I was searched
2882	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Still the BEST headphone for serious studio use!! love the replaceable cord!!
Don't be deterred by the fact that Shure markets this cartridge to DJs. The M44 series were originally intended as audiophile cartridges, and it was only in recent times that they developed a following in the DJ community. The M44G in particular is a VERY gentle cartridge and it will not harm your records the way some other DJ cartridges will. If you're a home audio listener and you're trying to decide between the M44G and the M44-7, I recommend the M44G. Not only does it track at a gentler weight, it also has an output that is more likely to work well with home audio gear. The M44-7 has an extremely high output and it might overload your receiver or pre-amp, causing distortion and clipping.
4069	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Its okay.
2415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have used this MIC twice in church and it has a full rich sound. I am going to purchase another for a friend.

467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worked well
A great, simple strap.


Also, unless I am crazy, it seems like my guitar sounds better.  Clearer.
These Ultex have a matte finish which is reasonably grippy, more so than regular celluloid etc. I also like the attack of the material, and it's very durable. Great for all styles of electric and acoustic that I play.
Any two pieces of metal (such as the two wires inside a cord) will act as a capacitor. The tone control on a guitar is just a capacitor wired in series with a volume pot. If your guitar cord is a good capacitor, you'll find that turning down the volume on your guitar just murders your highs. This cord is well-made, from an electrical standpoint, and even on a cheap guitar like my Squier, holds on to the highs as you lower the instrument volume.
251	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very rugged pedal, very well made and heavy. I took it apart and swapped the tip and ring wires on the potentiometer so I could use it with a Roland RG-33 guitar synthesizer. Works like a champ. Highly recommended; both the pedal and the seller. Would definitely buy again.
6808	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Most people only write reviews when they are disappointed with a product but this product is so good I had to write one.
4858	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	expensive, but well worth the cost if you don't want your guitar falling out of your hands. Eventually it will happen without lock straps.
6346	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I have to take back my favorable review from before. After playing this for awhile I noticed that the sound breaks often on the higher register, and the headpiece seems to clog up very easily. I think the headpiece slot is too narrow and cramped on one side and there is some wood sharding inside the headpiece, which came this way new. I have now read similar complaints form other posters (which I should have read before -- I think all the glowing reports are either from shills or total beginner recorder players who mistake the fine finish for fine musical craftsmanship). What didn't this company turn out a precision instrument to begin with? And is it made in China or Germany -- it sure plays like it was made in China. Needless to say, I am very disappointed to spend thirty dollars on what doesn't even work properly and I will seek a refund. (By the way, I have played the recorder for fifty years and have a dozen plastic and wooden ones -- this is the only one clearly defective.)

4045	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I tried a bunch of wah wahs (Morley, Vox, etc.) including the top Dunlop model and they were real noisy and didn't like my pedalboard at all in series. This is the original and the simplest & best one I ever had. Relatively quiet and my pedalboard just loves it. Good value and good product. I wish the off-on stomp switch was easier to activate. I find it difficut to turn it on and off. It isn't any different than the others I've tried, but you really have to step on it hard to click it most times. Maybe theres a way to adjust the switch pressure under the expression pedal. I guess they felt like most people will be turning it on and off while they are using it. Cheers Abz

594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good item works and seems to be of good quality I have several of these and will buy more of them
7630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the design and it is very reliable to know that it won't move and it will be very tight. I also love how it is cheap.
9490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great!
619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used these to connect several MIDI modules to my Allen Theater organ.  The perfect length, and decent quality.  They worked fine.  Good pricing too.
1277	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Gets the job done. I don't notice any static or popping.
2414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. use it all the time.
9545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great for concert toms. Nice attack and really great decay.

7028	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have found that picks can make a difference regarding how an acoustic guitar sounds.  I lay out a lot of picks and go through them as I play my Martin and Breedlove guitars.  I always go back to this one.  I use the nano coated Elixir strings and thes picks help bring the highs and mids out with the coated strings.  They are good picks.  .73mm is a key element too.  Not too heavy, not too light--just right.
5020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this on a ukulele and it works perfectly. It holds nice and tight, firmly clasps the fret. It can be attached with one hand. The tie dye design looks good and the capo feels well-built to last a long time.
1713	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect to split mono mike into XLR L-R Pre amp. As a semi-pro DJ this is good to have.
I was not disappointed!  Very flexible, and coil easily.
7955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Auralex amp isolation pad has solved my issues of wanting to practice a little louder but not wanting to hear objects in the room vibrate.  I neither feel the floor nor hear the metal blinds and glass light fixtures vibrate.  Though subjective, my ears tell me the acoustic projection of my amp has improved.  The construction is excellent and it's made in these here United States of America.
6558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice bag. has a good amount of padding on it. Made of really strong and nice materials. Has a nice thick strap on it and adjusts to just abbout any size you may need.  Its stayed looking great after repetitive use. I liked this bag so much that I bought my son one too for his guitar.  This is a great bag for the price. Im glad I made the purchases.
5266	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Almost dropped my bass on the floor a couple days before i got these bad boys. When I put them on I felt confident that I wouldn't have that issue anymore. It's easier to strap up because of the quick release tab. This should be every bassist/guitarist's best friend.
The CE-5 is just the perfect all-around pedal for the sound I want, I should have never let my first one go. I actually bought this one new and it's as good as ever. If you buy one I hope you have the same experience. It's probably the only pedal I hope they never change.
1909	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works perfectly fine for me.
480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect price, size, and build for someone in need of a quick mic cable.  Length is perfect for most recording setups where a mic would be hooked up to a recorder or preamp.

1057	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.
6872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings at a decent price.

4777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality capo, works as expected.
2218	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This mixer is a long needed piece of equipment, to be used in my public access channel.  Our original mixer is over 20 years old and starting to give us problems.  This will give us the ability to break out more mics in the room.
8601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just exactly what I wanted.
9185	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I first got this pedal,  I didn't have time to really mess around with it and dial in a sound that made me happy.  I just kind of tinkered with it, but nothing I was hearing was doing it for me, so I got a little worried about finding a good distortion. Well I finally got to really mess with the pedal and I dialed in a really thick heavy distortion,  but not overly heavy like death metal. Just think Black Sabbath meets Godsmack. You could dial in a classic rock sound on this pedal, an 80's metal sound, a modern metal sound and everything in between. I recommend this pedal to anyone who needs a little more Crunch at times.
5365	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Sorry, I don't like these as they're just too big. They stand out too much. They do work and they're effective but they are too pronounced. There are many good alternatives; strap gaskets, strap locks, undoing the pin and putting it straight into the guitar strap.  Again, they work, but they're not aesthetic nor elegant. I also got a gold set for my bass and now it looks like I should be wearing big purple platforms when I play. Not cool.
I trust these enough but not to do Hendrix/yngwie/van halen tricks though. They'll gig for you just fine
First of all the power button is on the back, which is annoying. The rest of the controls are on top, why do I have to grope around the back to find the most important button. Plus I keep it in a cabinet so I have to pull it out to turn it on yand off.
6144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Tuner is good. Maybe even perfect.


8910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just switched to these G2 Coated heads after many years of Remo Pinstripes.

They still sound fairly similar to drum sticks as far as hitting toms and the snare, but at a reduced volume level.  Although with a good rim shot you still can get fairly loud with them... BUT if you do hit rim shots you might break one or more of the individual bundled sticks, so beware of that!
7837	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play a Eric Clapton Stratocaster through a 1970 Fender Super Reverb. The addition of the Small Clone was, "WOW!!!" It is very warm and has a classic charm about it. If you are trying to emulate that clean "Clapton" chorus sound of the eighties, this will serve you well. I have one complaint though. My Small Clone had several scratches on it when I got it. I bought a pair of shoes from Amazon and the same thing happened recently.
5 3/8" x 4 3/8" x 1 7/8" (rear height)
6987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like the feel of Ultex picks. If you've never held one, it's not so much textured as they are "not quite smooth." I'm sure that made very little sense, but it's a nice comfortable finish, a little bit like tortex picks, but not so grippy. I've just got a few pieces of info that might not be obvious from the picture.
5498	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good capo
1669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+++ Thank you!!

9321	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	While these picks have the body and stiffness I look for, they also have little burrs left from production that need to be filed off before use.  If you don't mind spending some time getting them ready for use, these are good picks.
Having 2 of these in your audio toolbox is a must these days if you encounter multiple types of audio connectors (RCA, TRS, TR, etc)
2635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Let me start by saying that I can be a bit of an audiophile at times, so I am very picky with my headphones and speakers... VERY picky. I (normally) use Beats Studio headphones, Bose package in my car, and Klipsch for my home theater and computer speakers. That being said, I wanted something to use that sounded great and was as comfortable as my Beats Studios but wouldn't break the bank. Obviously the sound quality isn't on-par with the Beats for this price, but it isn't meant to be. The quality is though, plenty sufficient to me. If the speakers produced a bit more low-end these would probably be the perfect pair of headphones. I record music at home and when someone is recording their instrument I'll let them wear the Beats while I wear these. They cancel a bit of noise due to their over-the-ear design, they sound great, and (most importantly?) they are extremely comfortable. I can wear these through hours of recording with no regrets. I also use these to listen to lectures for some online classes that I'm taking if other people are around and I don't want to annoy them by exposing them to second-hand knowledge.
4190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Strings vary and different instruments, but these are worth a try if you've never used them.  I'm using them on a Collings and find that they pull out the sound of the wood more than the sound of the strings.  A great value too, and they last about as long as everything else.  Recommended.
9383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for 40 years, and have tried many strings.  These are my hands-down favorite electric strings.  First, the pure nickel windings have a distinct warm yet bold tone unmatched by those that are nickel-plated (which is most mainstream strings). The tone makes a huge difference on any guitar, if one is after classic rock and blues sound.  The pure nickel is also gentler on your frets.  Second, for whatever reason, these Gibson Pure Nickel strings last WAY longer than any others I have used.  They resist breakage and retain their tone better than the rest.  I use them on all of my electrics on which I use this gauge, regardless of guitar brand.  NOTE TO GIBSON:  please start making these in 9.5 gauge sets!
4180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I was somewhat reluctant to try them based on comments from friends.  That didn't stop me and had to find out for myself.  At first I wasn't sure but now that I have used them I am impressed and would recommend them. They play well and have great sound.  I will purchase them again and only wish they made coated strings as well.
529	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does a good job.
4153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

2936	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	It fit okay and was comfortable but, although it might be fine for a speaker, the tone was not adequate for singing.  I much prefer my SM58.
I tend to favor a thicker, lusher, more vintage sounding chorus for clean tones. However, this pedal really shines when combined with medium to high gain tones. The tone doesn't disintegrate or get too mushy. The highs aren't icepick bright. I think that's a big reason fans of this pedal love it.
The first is that the side handles are not great once the weight of everything inside exceeds 50 pounds. They're only semi-circles and they really dig into your hands, even though I always carry this with someone else on the other side.
7533	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the best acoustic pickup/mic I have ever used, in 20 years of using electronics. I have used soundhole pickups, under-saddle pickups (which I hate as they never sound like a real guitar). Previously I was using an internal gooseneck condenser mic with adequate results, but found the sound a bit thin when i used effects. Using a Taylor 510, in a huge church through a mixer into the PA system. Switching to the Fishman was like night and day; was able to dial a blend easily to give my sound some nice full bottom without sacrificing treble. I also found that when i used effects, dialing to the magnetic pickup gave better results. A previous reviewer complained about the mic position; I find it is in an optimal position and have not felt the need to move it; in fact my old gooseneck was annoying because it would eventually drift into a position that was either too much bass or too much treble. I have never felt the need to move the Fishman mic at all.
6380	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pick has decent grip and is almost equivalent to a heavy pick (thickness).
4690	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	used them for years
1507	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Had to use this to go from the XLR outputs on my Behringer mixer to my amp. Works as needed.
- The reeds - these things are QUALITY - Hohner has their machining process down to a science on these things and they are beautiful works of art compared to the other harmonicas I've taken apart
Action:  1/16" at the 12th fret from the factory all the way across (just the way I like it).  Zero buzzing.

Drums, Toms (great!)
9353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are a serious drummer, you have to have these on your bass drum!!  Period!  They not only provide more of a bass "thump" but they also preserve your bass drum head.  A MUST have!

1299	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality piece of kit. I'll be back to buy more as I need them.
5860	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Protec Deluxe Padded Music Folder - Black
3223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, great price and product. I've used these stands for ever and never lost a guitar off one.  Keep the center of gravity low and they are as sturdy as a rock.
765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say here: The cable is good; noise levels are low; connectors looks pretty decent; holding up well so far.
2759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like most products on the market, depending on where and how the item is used, your experience may vary. For me, this cable is going to be used on a semi-stationary mic stand in my project studio, and thus far, it's done nothing but an exceptional job. I tested the cable with a few different mics and in each scenario, the signal was just as strong as the some of the other, more pricey cables out there. Would I purchase this again? Absolutely!
6238	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These picks make my guitar sing.
3628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	tried these again, but prefer the John Pearse over these.
I'm not sure if the strings it came with were Rotosound or ordinary phosphor-bronze, but that's not the sound I'm after. I agree with another reviewer who opted for flatwound strings (which are hard to find for acoustics, but a set of Fender electrics, 9050M's, gave it a kind of smooth, "upright-like" tone once you find the right touch. I mentioned the truss rod and, to be honest, the neck has a bit of a hump on the high string side, resulting in some buzzing on the G and D strings around the 9th-10th frets. I'm still in the setup stage and I like to tinker so I hope to tweak the saddle and nut and possible shave the frets/fingerboard if I can't get rid of that buzz.
9693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star! Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star!
8077	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great picks...
801	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like these "tweed" cables and have several on hand...I'd get more when needed.
8957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As I mentioned in the title, this simply snaps to the stand and holds picks. Enough said. It does its job and does it ok for my taste.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MXR-Distortion/dp/B0002E520C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MXR Distortion +</a>:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.

7696	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
5552	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The go to capo for live performances.
2155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say here as this is "the standard" cartridge when it comes to turntablism
9164	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
Very comfortable too.
1134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just right
Dinged them one star because they stick out from the guitar a bit more than I would like. However they look fine.

1287	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.
The only reason I did not give 5 stars is , mine had a little dent on the body ( may be due to transportation) but it has nothing to do with the function but just the looks.
4829	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect ... good quality.
Sound elaborate? Ever wonder why studio time is so expensive? I know a friend who spent $20,000 on the build for his home studio alone. It is very effective at preventing outside noise from getting in and sound from loud instruments from getting out, but you get what you pay for.
4176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This mouthpiece is amazing, enough said, I have been playing clarinet for 3 years and in my third year my band teacher gave this mouth piece for me to try out, I immediatly fell in love because it creates a fuller sound, the only snag is I hate vandoren reeds (if you want some reeds that are easier to play on go for mitchel lurie, just saying) and when you use any other reed other then vandoren, spit seeps out the sides of the reed all over your face while your playing. This isn't a terrible thing though and i thought it was just me until my friend got the mouthpeice and she had the same problem, so if you want a fuller sound and no spit, get use to vandoren reeds, if you don't mind a little spit then i totally suggest mitchel lurie (cheeper and fuller sound and easier to play on) other then the spit, this mouthpeice really helped me win a lot of compitions too :) amazing mouthpiece
6452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these capos and nice that you can get them in other colours.  Prevents you from getting yours confused with some one elses.
5410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yes.
705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an XLR microphone to a digital recorder or a PC.
9087	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a perfect case if you have six SM58 mics or ones of a similar shape.
2534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Considering that the SM57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SM58LC-Shure-SM58-Vocal-Microphone/dp/B0001ZWBL0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone</a>, I guess the 58 gets Batman status, relegating the 57 to that of Robin. But that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.
3986	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT capo!

791	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cable for the price.  Doesn't seem quite as tough as some cables though so I have used this one at home only.  Not sure if I would suggest this one to use for gigs or traveling out all the time but if you need an extra cable for a home setup and want something that looks good and doesn't cost a fortune this is a good option.
But I suggest you spend a little more and get the Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo. It will save you time and grief.
Thank you Amazon for selling professional music gear on your site.
Update 10/4/15

8142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I can't say enough good about this instrument.  I have owned this harp for over 20 years and it still plays as good as it did on day one - fantastic!!  You can tell from the ratio of good reviews to bad that as with anything, a bad one may slip through QC occasionally (rarely), but Amazon has a great return/exchange program.
6381	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pick has a decent grip and just the right amount of flexibility...
I only want to use pre-existing patterns and modify them slightly, mostly the tempo and then just activate that using the footswitch and stop it the same way. I know this doesn't produce the most professional results and doesn't exactly match up with all the nuances of a song, but I just don't have the patience to program the drum and bass parts for each song individually. Added to this is that I may not play the song exactly the same way every time. There may be slight variations in my performance, and I embrace these, as that is part of live music.
2085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nicely put together, has a pretty, sustained tone. I use this for mediation/chanting practice. Others use a Tibetan singing bowl or something of that type, but living in a NYC apartment I wanted something with a minimal footprint and zero inscriptions etc. This does the trick for a low-low price. In fact, the tone might be a little too sustained for repeated ringing, as my practice requires. Just so you know. Btw I'm still a Christian--this is just "on the side"! No groveling in front of graven images or anything. I mean really, we gotta draw the line people!
9671	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these strings. I use them exclusively on all my acoustic guitars. They sound great and are very durable. I am a percussive guitar player and have yet to break one of these strings. The price is great and I keep several sets on hand to ensure I have fresh strings on my guitars.
1224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product is great quality and meets my needs exactly as I had hoped for.

3528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well, when you don't change your 12 string guitar strings for 10 years everything sounds better. These did the job and sound great.
872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looks good, works well, quite functional and nostalgic. There were several complaints about kinking easily, but this is solved by leaving the cable extended for a while so it can regain it's coiled memory. Then coil it in the diameter it wants to be coiled.
9031	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks... Great deal on them too.
But I should have known that going into a 6" double right ended cable.
2289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
6790	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they work. lol I have used dozens of O-Clamps before and even though they all do the same thing. I like that these are lightweight and very strong. There isn't much to say. They do the job and very well.
7403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	3.5 is perfect for classical soprano. If you're on 3 on alto this is ideal. Arrived on time.
3656	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great idea. It's simple and it works. I got two; one for my acoustic and one for my electric gutair.  It can hold up to two picks. You know the saying: "Set it and forget it". Well, that applies to this smart item.
The SM57 is a good general purpose instrument mic, if your budget is tight.
9890	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Capos are so useful and I'm glad that I bought this one. It serves as a useful tool when playing guitar for groups. This price was great as well because stores often charge so much more.
All in all, the Contego is an excellent bag. If you've ever owned an InCase Slim Bag, you'll be disappointed, as every feature of the Contego is a budget version of the Slim Bag. I would argue that much of what made the Slim Bag so great was that it was almost over-the-top high quality. The Contego is more than good enough for the professional musician. It's a great value for the price.
There is only one reason I needed to call the Yamaha Customer Support Line. I needed to ask where the serial number is located. I couldn't find it to save my life. On the C40, look inside the sound hole to the inside edge of the fretboard.
4219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great! A+ quality! fast ship!
6607	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Would not purchase again.  Not much padding.  Spend a little more and get something that will actually protect your guitar.  Cheers
5704	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent case.. perfect fit .. fits both my Epiphone Traditional Pro and My Gibson 50's Tribute...  recommended.. Great quality!!! You'll be Glad you  Purchased it..  worth the price.. Quality Case  .. of course Amazon shipped it very Fast..
- The LP100 is loaded with some nice features.  I'm still learning the nuances of the tone controls.  The pick-up selector is not in the way.
3001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good quality Build. I like the Washers but it sometimes gets in the way when i finger tight the screws because they are separate and the washer itself is threaded or atleast acts like it.
9570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying Evans drum heads for 17 years and always come back to these Hydraulics for great control of sustain and rock/metal sound. Very durable in aggressive playing and last longer than Remo ebony emperor  pinstripes.
6479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	All capos perform the same function but the Kyser capo allows quick changes and removal. It also works on both my six string and twelve string guitars.
3259	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Everyone who sings live should sing with this mic. What great sound.
8839	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great value for my floor tom - sounds really deep, dark and round, but also hits have definition.
3698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dude, now you can get your groove on to Tales of Brave Ulysses
2440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone. No issues ever with this mic.
8968	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
Oh, it was good to go right out of the box except a slight tightening of the strings to get in tune. No dings... in perfect condition.
1049	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work out of the box.  The end connectors were loose and the cables are thin.  No sound from the guitar.  Other cables work. Spend a few dollars and get a reputable brand.  Glad I didn't bring these to a gig. Luckily I can return easily with Amazon.
I recommend it!
Well, they are not less than $3 a set like Webstrings (not bad, but I do not care for how they are packaged), Darco (a lot like D'Addario who used to make them - great value) or Xaviere (too stiff feeling, IMO), but sometimes you do get what you pay for.  Also, I suspect 9.5 sets might be hard to find in your local music stores.
2891	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The AKG K 240 Studio headphones are awesome!  Straight forward review.  No technical talk for those that understand great specs do not always mean great headphones.  These do have great specs, by the way.
8703	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks! Durable, great bend. Perfect for those loud jams after a few beers :D
4861	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	sounds very canned and thin.  Get a DS-1 for half the price.  I love most Boss Pedals, but not this one

6096	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	high quality hassle free design.  Very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force,  but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing.  Very happy with this purchase.

3417	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put this pedal between a vintage Rhodes electric piano and my current practice amp.  The tremolo effect is nice and can be adjusted to give the Rhodes a bit more "life" in its sound.  However, after what seemed like a short time, I noticed that I had a lot of amplifier hiss with the pedal turned off and the output volume had gotten really low.  The battery was almost used up by this point.  The good news is that after I connected a 9 V power supply to the pedal, the hiss went away and it was back to working really well with good output volume.  A power pack is pretty much mandatory with this pedal.  A 9 V battery has way too short a lifetime to be useful.  Apart from that, I'm really pleased with the sound for such an inexpensive pedal.

2935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really good sound, great for moving around while performing.
1504	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Working as advertised
6403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a jb in the bridge of my 2015 San Dimas pro mod
8302	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It holds picks.
55	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	It did what it was suppose to. Hard to keep
7004	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I play mainly heavy, fast paced metal on an 8 string with 10's tuned to standard, so I have an enormous amount of tention on the strings. I burn through a Jim Dunlop nylon pick in one sitting every time, and at times would have to grab a fresh one in a single sitting. It is absolutely not the case for these. These picks take all of the abuse I can lay on them. Session after session, I'm on the same pick.
3148	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this stand for gigs. The best aspect is that the instrument hangs from the neck and doesn't rely on a bottom part for the guitar to sit on. This is great for a guitar with an odd shaped bottom that won't sit well on those other stands. Also, the lack of that bottom piece is one less thing for your strap to get tangled up in when you need to change an instrument quickly. This stand is also tall enough for larger instruments like basses and acoustic guitars.

First off - it is beautiful. The finish is nicely applied and the fingerboard smooth, slim and easy to fret/play. Although adjusting the string height is really easy on this instrument, I found no need to do so. The set-up was perfect right out of the box. I needed only to tune it.
6078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I find that if I play this pedal along with my Boss Super Chorus pedal, my guitar with Tex-Mex pickups captures a lot Gilmour's sound tonality.
MUST BUY if you are a gigging guitarist
8431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I find that the nylon thin pick has a much faster action and a more clap crisp sound to it on the strings.  Thick picks have a more dull sound and they rotate on me where as thinner picks do not seem to rotate so quickly, and being that they are thin you can really get some fast strumming patterns without the pick flying out of your hand.  I have ordered Dunlop Nylon Picks 38 millimeter for my Classical Nylon Guitar because the strings are much larger and they make picks rotate even faster in your hand; so the thinner the better.
||||||||||||||||||

Be warned. This capo can scratch your neck in two different ways.
6926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recommend this capo to all my friends since it is so easy to switch from one fret to another with it!
6363	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can I say about this product. When you start playing it will speak for its self. It has took me 10 yrs to finally get this product and the first time that I have heard it I loved it and when I finally get the name of it I knew that I wanted to get it and I just ordered it last Sat and got here this past Wednesday and I never wanted to stop playing it and I can't wait to find out how it will sound when I take it to Church with me. The only ones that I mainly use is Sabian but after hearing the A Custom line I think that I have another family that I have added to the set. God bless the creaters on the line.
Martin is a fine and reputable company and these string are deserving of the Martin name.
6571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great bag for the cost.
If this review is helpful to you, please help me by clicking the Yes below; this would really encourage me to give better reviews in the future. Thank you very much =)
5306	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good. A little tricky to put on correctly but maybe that's just me
2979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great buy.

105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey, iT's a yamaha! Yamaha makes every thing well.. I love this recorder :)
5226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I play guitar and keyboard and, sometimes, I need to quickly put guitar on my back to play keyboards. I would not do that without this straplok.
9650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've never used anything but Remo heads, prior to this purchase. I'll describe them in one word, Outstanding!
2468	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey, it's a Shure. Enough said.

231	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice item, good value,
8352	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted for a great price.
8519	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Useful 6 string capo.  Delivered on time and as described.
Two day delivery from Amazon.
1548	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

Just keep in mind this isn't a top of the line guitar but for the cost, seems to me to be a huge bang for your buck. I can recommend this guitar completely.


7208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
9010	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This drum head will improve the quality of the sound you are playing and also you skills. From eliminating the echo noise by half, and increasing the coating this drumhead is very comfortable to play with. Any tune, this will still sound like a charm.


48	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	don't waste your time getting this. is made out of cheap stuff. does not teach you anything on how to play guitar saw it on shark tank thinking it would be good but was i fooled
7141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a pack of strings - no issues
8842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These Dunlop 88 mm picks are the right size, not to big or too small.  Been using these for years.  Always good to have extras on hand and put into the cases.  They never wear out.  They are not too stiff or too flimsy.  They work good for the sound on the strings.  Easy to hold on to.
3050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Note: when I purchased this I selected Amazon LLC as the seller (there are multiple sellers on this product page). The power supply I received is a genuine Casio OEM product and works perfectly with my Privia PX-320.

9160	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had my Evans magnetic drum key for almost a week. I left it on the studio drum set, came back the next day after a late night session and the key was gone. I don't think the drummer intentionally took it, it was just there, he used it and slipped it into his pocket without thinking. I'm going to order several replacements, I like it. It's unique looking so if I see that drummer sporting one of these I'll bet I know where it came from. No worries, that's what running a studio is all about.
3125	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	very good quality, perfect size fits right in my gig bag. so far a love it
2410	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this for Video Exchanges on a guitar instruction website. It's perfect for vocals, podcasting, video recording and so forth. Shure makes excellent stuff. What's also great is you save some money as an XLR cable is included. I'm very happy with this purchase.


1014	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
4807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have some expensive guitars and I do alot of on stage trading during sets.  In the past I have almost dropped some of my investments because the strap worked it's way off the factory posts and I didn't realize it. These Straplok things are the real deal... I put them on every one of my guitars now.
3359	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Well that was a waste of money.  Just buy coated sticks as these are about useless and nearly impossible to get on correctly.
Will make a cheap drum set sound great, easy to tune these and will make any drum set look new or different.
1965	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cartridges weight different depending on the model so your counterweight will be aproximate but not perfectly accurate, this will get you closer to the real weight you put on your records. I think this is better than no gauge at all, its quite expensive for what it does, what I like is that it doesn't need any batteries. It's hard to precisely get it aligned but at least you know it's within 0.01g from your target weight.
3193	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a very well-built, sturdy stand.  There certainly are cheaper models but many have rubber coating that leaves marks on the instrument and can damage some finishes.  This has a nice microfiber coating and holds the guitar very will.  This could be used for either an electric or acoustic guitar.  It's very easy to set up and take down and is very compact for traveling.  The little pick holder slots on the top seem like a minor component of the stand but are very convenient!  They hold at least 4 picks and I love being able to swap around while I'm playing without losing picks or having them drop on the floor.
The sound is less smooth than an SM57, from what I can tell. This mic works best for male singers with a dull, dark timbre, as it will brighten and strengthen things up. It will certainly brighten and strengthen instruments, but it will sound different than the SM57 sound that everyone is used to
Matched with the Marshall MG15CF amp (also on sale for a song at the same time & it makes an unbeatable combination for the price.
Update: Made a trip to central America and back with the case. It took the expected amount of abuse and performed well with no damage to case or instrument. Love it.

5661	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Gorgeous
I've had these stands for years.  Their durability is the best feature about them.  In fact the telelock mechanism is a great innovation too . . .
472	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not the best on the market, and not the worst. Hosa is a go-to brand for decent quality at a fair price. Can't go wrong.
Worked just fine as an expression pedal for my Zoom 505II.
Now as far as the rest of the Capo goes it is of course very easy to take on and off, attached to the end of the headstock if you wish, to get enough tension on just about any acoustic 6 string guitar that you're using it on. I don't believe that weight is really that significant for CatOS in this day in age, but to be thorough it is obviously a very light unobtrusive object to keep on the neck. It doesn't make the neck heavier and does not seem to alter the way the guitar feels feels in any way shape or form. It opens and closes snugly but you should be able to get used to that rather quickly. It is made like a truck so I don't believe you will have any problems in a year or 30 years. And I believe that the parts are replaceable where there is were possible. As stated before because of the great white shark like tension on this item you will not have a problem with string buzzing because of lack of tension.


8026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great reeds.

9449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My pick of choice for decades !!

8050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't be put off by a review from a drummer. I also play acoustic and bass guitar. I purchased these strings to put on a really cheap, crappy sounding acoustic that I got since it was a shorter scale and I have small hands. These strings made playing that guitar bearable (a guitarist will know what I mean). Instead of getting rid of the guitar I decided to keep it since it now has a much better sound. Martin strings hold tune, resonate well. I prefer them to other strings I have used.
3603	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Are good picks, works well and comming in different colors.

8871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these for strumming and some picking. What I like about these picks is that they blend into my index finger, connecting me with the guitar.
2464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Whatever.  Its an SM57,  Always works.
4505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have these on all of my guitars and I love them.  I never have to worry about how my guitar is connected to my straps and the peace of mind allows me to focus more on playing.  Plus, since I've purchased these, when random people ask to borrow my strap, I can tell them that I can't because of my strap locks :).

5273	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although bassist typically don't use capos I found this one helpful for checking fret buzz when placed at the first fret thereby leaving your hands free to check for string height along the remaining frets.  The spring is very strong and the rubber pads are nice and soft.
The other part is that I didn't want to pay around $15 for something that wasn't necessary.
I sometimes play guitar into this mic too (with the laptop)
I use to misplace my picks all the time when playing and now I do not have to look around for them any longer as I know where to find them.  I like to use different gage picks therefore.  I have ordered more for Christmas stocking stuffers whicdh will be enjoyed by my friends.




8764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm not a string expert, but they sound fine to me. Just as clean and clear as any steel string set.
5926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
im sure it'll mold to my guitars shape soon though. no biggie at all. i love it!
4994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Although pricey, I find this a very low-noise, high quality cable. I like the break switch on the right angle connector, but the jury is still out on the durability of the switch There are two things that keep this cable from getting five starts.


8206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I recently acquired a '02 P-bass and decided to treat myself to some new accessories, including a strap. I sauntered over to Guitar Center on 14th Street. While it had a wide selection, nothing really caught my eye other than the rather pricey numbers. I came home and hit up Amazon to see what it had. This strap seemed perfect - wide but not too wide. I read the reviews and was concerned about the stiffness of the leather where the strap attached to the bass but after it arrived I experienced zero issues with that. I played a 3 hour gig a week later and was happy with the feel and how my shoulder and back felt after it was over. Looks good and a great price.

426	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a much longer cable but it's far too long for my current needs. I bought this cable as a shorter replacement. My only worry is the diameter of the cable is much smaller than my other cable. Leads me to wonder about its longevity. So far there isn't any issues though, and I take good care of all of my equipment
7641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought these so I don't annoy my neighbors too much. While hitting the drums comfortably, the volume is about what I'd like it to be. After testing for a few minutes, I see no sign of wear so far. I found rimshots to be incredibly easy with these; on the other hand, cross-sticking is impossible. A few complaints: They sound really "pingy" on the toms, which makes it so you can hardly hear a pitch difference between different toms. And when crashing cymbals, they are significantly louder than the drums (this will just take some getting used to). Overall, they're great so far.
8444	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just love Jazz III pick since always.
2978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Shipped quick and was as described.
Anyhow, for this purpose, this works perfectly.
481	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends.  Should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what I needed to connect my tube preamp.
8623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Thick heavy (no flex) picks might not be for everyone but those who have a light touch will like these..nice to strum with,easy to pick with if you don't pick to hard. Indentations help keep the pick in place between your fingers, once you get used to the thickness and lack of flex you might like them.
4037	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Promark is the only choice
6459	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I picked this up for my Alvarez Yairi DY80.  It's a near-perfect fit (see note) at a great price.  Even my guitar shop guy could not get over how well the case is built and the price.
2480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	High-quality, versatile mic. And very economical! Use this to mic our guitarist's amp for input through our main mixer to FOH.
7673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	muy bien
396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	happy with the whole transaction, will buy more
1505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nice transfer sound data!
9350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So good.  Dunlop picks...man.
8567	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used to use Fender medium picks only. Now for Jazz and metal I use this pick. You will just have to try it for yourself to see if it is right for you.
7733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm only a beginner but this is already my favorite reed.
6301	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	wow wow.  this thing is bright and stands out.  It is nicely made.  the holes on this are TIGHT.  It took a lot of effort to get it on the strap pins.  There is no way this is coming off easily.. It is cool.. I am happy I bought it
Fender Start appears to take the system well--only time will tell.
6557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For the price, you get what you pay for. If you're looking for something to travel with, move on. This gig bag is not made for that. I'm using it to walk from my room to where I practice and perform. There's not way I would ever dream of bringing my guitar on an airplane with this bag. Perhaps a short car ride but not in the trunk with a bunch of other bags. If you want something like that, get a Roadrunner case.
8195	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is the mouthpiece I chose in the music store when I knew almost nothing and purchased my first student clarinet.  Six months later I started private lessons and my professor used the identical mouthpiece on his beautiful clarinet.  He retired and sold me that clarinet and I kept his mouthpiece as a spare.  You MUST use #3 reeds with it - nothing softer - to get the beautiful tone.  I use Vandoren V-12 reeds, but everyone has their favorite.
1273	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	it is of a good quality way

9484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! as described, and received promptly after payment.
5132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have installed Dunlop Straploks on all my guitars.  After an unfortunate "drop", I would highly recommend protecting your investment with these strap locks.  A little drilling involved for install on Les Pauls (the front button by the neck, not the rear button near the back of the guitar since Gibson uses 2 different screw sizes for the strap buttons).  Use caution when installing so you don't drill the hole too wide and need to fill with wood putty.
3427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just seem to always come back to these strings.  They just feel the best to me and seem to have just a be more pronounced growl.
803	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This sounds bit smaller than expected for this price
www. TubbsMedia.com

Jerry
But this mic fixed all of that.

541	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, performed as advertised.
8602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The DW made Double kick pedal is one of the most responsive pedals I have bought yet..

2923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this headset 6 years ago to use with my dj show. The sound is good for the price and it doesn't sound like a cheep headset that computer users may buy. My biggest peeve with this mic is that it fits tight on my head and after a while it starts to hurt behind my ears which is why I gave it 4 stars. But if you're looking for a good mix that won't break the bank and have a smaller head (or don't mind the pressure and/or won't be wearing it for a long time) then this is a good unit. I would like to hear the condenser version they have now but it's about $50 more. It does have a different frame so it may not only be hotter (because it's a condenser) but may put less pressure on your head.

6851	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Very sturdy picks but also very hard to hold on to as the surface of these picks have no grip at all.
Good music to all!
9932	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos really work great and are easy to use.  They are also fairly priced and I like that you can buy them in different colors so you can have one dedicated to a guitar and know which one goes with which.
2068	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My buddy should actually be the one reviewing this, since I purchased it for him.
6413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered pretty much every Dunlop pick this size.  Some are "ok" but this one just feels good, stays in your hand and is made much better and creates a nicer attack as well as being able to strum chords quickly.  You won't have to always shift the pick around like others because it is nice and "dry" all the time.
The leaping deer print is very attractive. In my brother's younger days was a avid deer hunter making this print particularly appropriate for him. It isn't the heaviest material but it is warm and the polyester fabric launders pretty well. The throw we received pretty closely matched the image in the product listing. Maybe a little less intense colors, but not much.
These are my favorites by far.
4576	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great sounding strings for the price. For that they get five stars from me.
1471	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Works like it should.
7850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love this pedal!  a must for all nirvana fans!
941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works fine so far.
3705	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great wah effect pedal.
These work well for holding guitar straps without the straplok attached as just the post are a snug fit on most guitar straps. I've used them for about 3 years and haven't dropped a guitar yet (knock on wood). I prefer to just leave the strap on the guitar, instead of using one strap for many guitars, I use a dedicated strap per guitar.
5874	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected.

5030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Clipping onto the rim might take a minute or two, but it is no problem. The adjustable clip mount is convenient. The material is mildly flexible, like a firm rubber, so there is very little risk of breaks if your drummer is wild and hits it (God forbid), but that means it is very wobbly and you will see your mic moving back and forth. HOWEVER, there is no noticeable change in the sound because of this. To my ears, at least, the tones and levels are consistent throughout tracking. I've used an SM57 and Audix i5 with this and both are long and kind of heavy which I'm sure contributes to the wobble.
8448	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these picks. They are way harder to loose than a standard pick. I have a better grip on them and They hold up forever. They give me the control I want to play various styles utilizing several different types of attack. These bad boys are tone monsters because they give you so much control.
9441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchase two other capos before this one. This is by far the best.

213	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, just as expected.
If you put the foam windscreens on your mics, they will still fit in this case, and the windscreens offer a little extra protection on the bottom where it is a tad thin, but the mics lay in there held up by the ball end, and only a tiny bit of the base touches the bottom. It is a little tight with all six in place with windscreens on, but they are secure, and the top closes easily enough, and the latches and the handle and the exterior all seem built to last. The Gator logo lets you know which side is up, if you had any doubts.

6680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use. Sure makes a difference to the sound I get from the old pa system I have.

The tonal style is simple. Full chorus, one type, 'classic'. Everything I need. End of story.
5578	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my beginner guitar lessons and it's a great product.
6013	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Don't even bother w this pedal, it sounds like balls..

2322	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The best... with a switch!
The guitar universe always raves about Boss and the distortion pedals and how any guitar player should have one of the distortion pedals. Buy it and experiment with the gain and settings and find your favorite tone.

9358	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Line it up with the pedals and it works great.  No complaints here.
Cons:
4366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings.  Beware that the fat one is pretty fat, I had trouble getting it to fit in my saddle.  Had to sand the saddle slot wider.
-(**___) overall: This is the one harmonica I own that I don't enjoy playing. The redeeming quality is the Blues Harp sounds very good, enough to compete with any harmonica in its price range. However the metal covers protrude and are sharp on the lips, making it simply too uncomfortable to be any good.
610	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Like all Hosa products - solid connection

They sound pretty good too.
4748	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They are strap strap locks, what can I say they work as expected. I got the silver, next time I'm getting black for my other guitars.
772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cable.  Good price.  High quality.  I highly recommend it.  I have a few Hosa cables now, and they're all very nice cables.  I think they're made in China, but they appear to be made well.
In more detail, the big strings are definitely harder to wrangle than the ones that came on my guitar, but I certainly don't find them uncomfortable. I've been playing for about two years, and not very heavily, and that was enough to build up sufficient calluses. People without calluses will hate these strings at first, though. I can no longer show friends how to fret a guitar chord when these strings are in, because they start saying "ow" within 10 seconds or so.

The bass itself is quite nice, exceeding my expectations.  Any pictures you find online usually wash out the shine and make the color look flat and boring.  But it's a pretty striking, deep, shiny black.  It's not a $1000 bass, but it looks way nicer than the price would make you think it does.  As for sound, I've never played a bass before, so I have nothing to compare it to.  However, the amp brings the sound through pretty cleanly and warmly.  And I really have no complaints.
2220	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say here. The cable works and there is no noise like some cheaper XLR cables I've tried in the past. The price was good so that's an added bonus.
EDIT: 6 months later and it's dead already.  Wire frayed at the right angle jack.  You get what you pay for.
I'd go for the senheisers, because they're less than a quarter the price of these sony's and overall just as good.
This is used to input my cell pnone-mp3-player into a PA system. It takes the stereo signal and apparently delivers a stereo signal to my PA which then sums to mono. Works well.
I also wipe them down after playing to minimize tarnishing.
9978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was always skeptical about dampening my kick drum.
8067	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The price you pay for ordering on line.  Super thin and flimsy.
9329	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So far good. Tuned up nicely without breaking a string. Play well.
8404	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are great for a beginner acoustic guitar player.  They tune well and are easy to play.  I would buy these again and I would recommend them to family and friends.
I'm glad they did, because this pedal is very sturdy and does it's job exceptionally well, without any fluff to inflate the price.  It's low cost, it's quality construction, and it does exactly what it says it does.
Each player has to determine what works best for them when deciding on a plectrum, so this is my input on these.  They're my default and are the standard to which any others I try are compared.  The printing on the pick helps you hold on easier, they wear down but don't break, they're always affordable, and they're versatile for lead and rhythm.

My only complaint with this guitar is that my "Killpot" feature doesn't appear to be working. This SG Special is suppose to be equipped with a tone knob that pushes in like a button. While you're holding the tone knob down the signal is suppose to be cut to complete silence. However, when I press mine I can feel it click in and out, but absolutely nothing happens. I've pressed it, tapped it, held it down, pumped it, it doesn't do a damn thing! It's a shame because I really liked the idea of cutting the volume without having to roll the volume pot down.

I would feel comfortable running a high end show with these mics cause they sound great. I personally would use them the regularly for back up vocals for there low cost and superior sound.
Since Hohner specializes in harmonicas, they offer a smart variety to suit your musical needs: Diatonic, Chromonica, MS Series, Tremlo, Orchestra and more. Each one of these harmonicas will assure you the best instrument for your performance or musical group.


3669	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	in my honest opinion these are the best 12 string strings available to us as human beings.  Maybe on some far away planet they have 12 string strings better than the Martins... but who cares... that is some far away planet.
(3) Simple to operate

9372	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a good capo that will last. This one had good ratings so I had high hopes. I wanted to make sure it worked with my acoustic because the other one I bought prior to this wasn't very strong so some of the strings would buzz. This one clamps hard and works all along the neck on my acoustic. Very happy with it. Been using it regularly for about 7 months. No complaints.
4960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	First of all I want to say I love a tube amp distortion.  Overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be.  I run a Randall G3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state I've used or heard.  For recording I use a Peavey 5150 and its so sweet.  Tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.


3944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It work's well, Fits any fret position, Features bridge pin puller, Affordable, professional quality
- Open back yields crisper tones
7443	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No surprises here. Just the same perfect quality reed.


5659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was worried this would be cheaply made but it does its job very well and appears to be well made.  The knob that tightens the screw clamp is plastic though so it may break one day.  But everything else about it is really nice.  It flexes to any position and holds it well.  I am very satisfied.  I just hope the plastic knob thingy doesn't break one day.  If it does I'll just pliers?  Seems pretty solid so far though, I turn it pretty tight.
8153	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	looks cute, works great.  the holes are small - so it was a struggle to get on.  But it is well made, and because the holes were small - i feel confident knowing it will stay connected.
9807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My fave picks. I usually play without a pick, but I would recommend these (or the Dunlop Jazz series picks) to anyone. They "grip" the string a little more before leaving it, where the cell picks tend to slip like glass. All to personal preference, but this is a good deal. I usually pay 60 cents each at a local store and satisfied. I have never broken or worn one of these down too much to boot.
234	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Heavy duty!
9737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for years.
6155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the color plus it is durable.  Get this it is worth the price and will last forever.  Pretty gold.
8249	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I got them tuned to where the ring was very little. My 12" Tom doesn't ring at all. They are worth a try. I also noticed deeper warm tone. I tightened them a lot tighter than the top and show that made a difference
6107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	cool pedal, good distortions. Comes with a manual to show you a bunch of combinations.
5544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally found a case for my Motif ES6.  I never had anything other than SKB hard cases, however they were too heavy for local gigging so I went through a few Yamaha Motif ES6 bags which Yamaha doesn't make anymore.  I loved those and they lasted for a good 2-3 years before tearing.  When my last one broke I didn't want Gator because the cases I had seen at Guitar Center had absolutely no protection/foam on the inside and I was I was like why would I put my expensive synth in this?  So I bought the SKB equivalent which had way more padding, but the quality was not the SKB quality I had known.  The zipper holder/puller broke off within the first week.  The bag started tearing within the first 2 months, and the actual zipper lining was bad within 4 months.  Worst keyboard bag purchase ever!!  After some periodic searching and not wanting to spend $200 on a soft case I went to reading tons of reviews and found this case.  This case is excellent!!  Plenty of protection and fits my Motif which there are barely any soft cases for out there.  I now have a new found respect for Gator!  So glad they upped the quality from when I first checked them out 10 years ago.
Putting anything on a drum skin, no matter how big or small, will do something. My ears told me that the patch made my kick slightly tigher, which was good in my case. Being behind the drum when you kick, you should perceive some more attack.. but it's really from the other side of the drum that matters, right?
Listen, who cares what Jimi or Jimmy used. Seek out and develop your own tone. Strings can
8597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Once you use this thing, everything else becomes too bulky, too big.
4158	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was good but the cloth starts to break easy! But still is good!
You can hear an example of their sound on my Washburn Rover. "When Shiloh Comes". Youtube.
The trade-off here is that levels decrease quickly as you step back from the speakers. You can hear a significant difference as you get more than twenty or thirty feet away. While that could be seen as a negative especially for public address applications, I find it to be a win-win.  It essentially creates a "full sound" zone around the stage for the audience. I personally prefer creating a live music environment where people can hear a loud, full spectrum mix if they like but not have it forced on them wherever they are in the room. If your needs call for a speaker with more reach, the K12s (I've used them) throw a lot further and sound awesome as well.
8284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had to write this review because of my recent significant experience with Dunlop Jazz III picks, not to be confused with Jazz III "XL" picks, which are larger. I started playing 3 and 1/2 years ago and only took 5 or 6 lessons, mainly to ensure I had the basic form right.  I used different picks, primarily Gibson and Fender Mediums, primarily because the guy at the guitar store recommended them, and did not really know what I needed.
- These picks are just slightly transparent. Light passes through, and if your finger is pressed against the back, you can tell what it is, but it isn't as transparent as glass. More like a roughed up beer bottle.
It came as ordered, and on time. I really love Amazon prime shipping!

1688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice little cable, saves me having to get an adaptor to plug my MP3 player into my mixer!
If you have an arm that has more mass, or a changer that requires heavier tracking forces, you might wish to look at cartridges more like the Stanton 500 series, which are a better match for higher mass arms, and heavier tracking changers.
3778	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	VERY versatile, rich chorus pedal. This chorus can get incredibly deep and rich with the level, depth, and filters all the way up. It can also get a smooth, transparent sound with kick-ass tone with all of the knobs up half-way. With the rate up all the way, you get a super cool vibrato pedal. I keep two of these on my board. One as a rich chorus and one as a vibrato. Super great value.
450	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used a lot of cables and I always come back to HOSA, they are indeed some of the best audio cables in their price range on the market.
3003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These screws fit perfectly in my rack mount. The washers help eliminate any unwanted hum, but I recommend that you also invest in some Humfrees Rack Isolation Tabs for a complete upgrade. I you still have some hum after that then check your electrical grounds. Overall these screws are a good upgrade and the phillips head is very convenient for fast switching of rack mount units. I recommend them.
The guitar came boxed with an inner box to protect it during shipping. Although playability out of the box was fairly good, I had to perform a setup to get the guitar exactly as I wanted. I removed the strings, rubbed down and oiled the fingerboard, then strung it with D'Addario 10-46 nickel wounds. The truss rod required a quarter turn adjustment to get the neck profile straight. The intonation and action were pretty much perfect out of the box. I just raised the action a tiny bit to make it more in line with my other instruments.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/cdp/member-reviews/A3FTEM0VI81G1U/ref=cm_pdp_rev_title_2?ie=UTF8&sort_by=MostRecentReview#R20P9MH17N0PS9
7241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use these strings on both my Martin D-12-28 and my Martin J12-16-GT or I use nothing. These string simply ring out so beautifully. Try them and I am sure you will never go back to what you were using.
7739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent. Best Capo I've had.
6084	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser makes the best...green is my favorite color!
Easy and Quick detachment
You can also use these to mic amps. Placing these 6" from speakers (or bass drums or toms) captures a lot of low end. Move them back a foot or so and you get a more natural sound with a nice balance of highs, mids and lows.
1181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Quality built cable. Durable. Recommended. Cheers
it will protect quite well. Hardware hinges with a lock in one hinge are sturdy and sparkle with that chrome look. Very satisfied with this purchase.

I like the small size of the microphone and clip.  The other microphones I looked at were way too big.  The accompanying wind-guard is a nice addition.
The pedal can preserve bass signal and still be EQ'd for saturated distortion. The other reviews speak for this pedal both here and on other sites and one can see why it is so popular. I also other Boss Distortion pedals. Like most people, I own a DS-1 and an MD-2 which are both cheap and effective. I own a HM-2 Heavy Metal 2 which caters more to the traditional metal sound and I actually think this pedal is more versatile IMO with different guitars where you may not want a strictly metal tone.
2944	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for drummers, or anyone who needs a headset. The sound is great. Sounds like a SM-57 to me. Probably the best price in it's quality-range.
5393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a harmonica, a good one.
3.  Wonderful organization for a wide variety of effect combinations and in-show adjustments:
There are adequate mic amps on Amazon for $20-$40, capable of boosting your signal by 48 volts, or 60 dbs. A Mac user willing to spend a bit more should look at the MXL Signal Booster Amp for Mac Computers, which costs a bit more but saves you the bother of USB conversion. Finally, if you're trying to make professional announcements for radio use, etc., you'll soon discover that, unless you're incapable of puckering (which means you're not much of a kisser), the plosives ("p" sounds) will run away with everything you try to say. The only solutions I've found are to write scripts that are devoid of plosives (the "voiced" "b" phoneme is almost as much of an offender as the voiceless "p" phoneme) or to pick up a "pop filter." The latter are little more than 6" circles of cheese cloth costing $20-$30 each, but I'm about to give in and order one from Amazon.
1577	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	hums too noisy......
5515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I call mine Lazarus cuz when I got it a couple of the notes didn't work which makes it difficult (to say the least) to play music. So I get it ready to be returned, forgot to actually send it, later thought I remembered sending it, then found it just the other day in the box waiting for my memory to catch up. Took it out the box to show a friend and every note magically worked. Not sure what the physical explanation is since I just started playing the ol' mouth harp, but I'm sure there is one
4659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great. no reason not to have these!!
9592	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good look and good feel on the bass drum. why not right. The installation is also very simple and very easy to put on
Pros:
543	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The 1-foot cable is not one foot. They count the length of the XLR connector and strain relief. The cable itself is only 9".
4311	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	capo still works like a dream. I purchased a second one as a gift
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
4615	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best strap locks on the market, IMO.
8887	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive been using this polish since the early 80's. It doesn't smell the way some do and works fantastic on all of my guitars. Wonderful polish and has not hurt my guitars. What has hurt my guitars is me dropping them or sweating all over them, but this polish? No way. Martin knows what they're doing. I use it on my expensive nitrocellulose finishes.
and some percussion.
I don't want to downplay the bass response on these though. It is huge and far more than you would expect out of these little guys. The frequency coverage is absolutely there and can even be boosted if you utilize the DEEP switch. What you will NOT hear in the lower registers however is a ton of attack. They are more suited to adequately express a jazzy upright bass than they are to throw down the punch you want to hear from electronica or hip-hop (unless we're talking smaller spaces, they'll ROCK a house party DJs). Impressive but you'll find no magic here, that's why they make the Ksub.

1943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This unit is not as compatible as compared to others.  But, what it loses in compatibility it makes up for in features.  It's wonderfully small and works great with Sony MD recorders.  True, it isn't as versitile as the battery models, but it's a lot smaller too.  If you just want to do MD recording, this is the unit for you.
1431	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
What's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 String capo and still turn it around to use it as
6975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sound great.

Super easy to tune and sound great.
8859	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	and want picks to really trill leads these are what you will be using. Started using them for rapid runs on the mandolin, now use them for both guitar and mandolin!

The pockets will hold much more, like spare strings, string winder etc.
9119	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought my first set a long time ago and they were perfect! Then I re-ordered and I got what I think was an acoustic type because they were the same 2.0mm gauge but were too small for me to comfortably hold, so I just ended up with two dozen wasted picks. So just make sure you get the right one.
1928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good improvement over the generic brand one my second-hand Marantz came with. Very easy to install and comes with a lot of extra hardware to fit a bunch of different tone arms.
6168	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have a nice snap to them which is great for picking, but still produce a nice smooth strum. They grip better then celluloid but don't hang onto the strings for dear life like the thicker Tortex's can do on an acoustic.
9559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product, seems to be made with good quality. Good price too.

4872	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The goose neck on this thing is so weak that it never stays in place.  I thought this thing did a good job of keeping the wind down so the p's didn't pop and the s's weren't too shrill, but I eventually bought a BSW metal windscreen and then I realized just how much better the sound could have been.  This thing is trash.
It's fit and finish isn't the best, and the sound is marginal, but overall it's a real decent value. Later when I have achieved more experience and talent, I can upgrade. I have paid so little for this setup, that it is easy for me to pass it along to someone else that wants to learn the Uke and there is no real financial loss.
8332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I purchased this pedal from a local music store I wasn't even looking for a double pedal set, but for a replacement for the pedal that came with my Tama Stagestar kit.  During my quest for a pedal that had the feel I wanted I sat behind a Pacific drum kit that had these pedals. At first I ignored the second bass pedal and played a bit with just the right pedal and hi-hat.  I liked the feel of the right pedal and was about to ask if the store had it in a single pedal configuration when I decided to see what it was like playing double. Wow - it immediately expanded my range and opened up a plethora of possibilities.

A little unwieldy perhaps, but not too heavy, and built solid. Drop this mic as many times as you will (it's going to happen) and worry not. You could hammer nails in with this.
2008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used to use the SM58, and when I first heard this mic, I switched to Sennheiser. I got me a few of these and got my choir to get themselves each a Sennheiser e835. I tried one next to an SM58, and the e835 is far superior in sound, level, and clarity.
Cosmetically, the satin finish and detail are very impressive. For this price I expect imperfections and there is a dark blemish on the soundboard where a tiny bit of what I suspect is painted-on purfling bled, possibly while the finish was being sprayed (it is a Chinese-made instrument and I've seen it on cheap violins).  There's also a tiny half-grain-of-rice-sized chip in the neck finish that I hope a furniture pen and a little lacquer will take care of.
6574	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	but unfortunately that is it's best quality. This is outdated technology, and I so wish I could sell mine. Who would I sell it to? I would have to tell them that it does not work very well.
5309	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap junk!


4206	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bien
2673	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this mic to replace a vocopro mic and I don't know whybthis wasn't my first choice! Used it the evening of the day I received it and it really makes a big difference in vocal quality
8268	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The perfect pick for those who drop them. Thier nylon material is much more forgiving and not as quacky or loud as other plastics. so instead of hearing the pick you hear the guitar. Very comfy and compliant.
1208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	a very good cable and a good price
966	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	This cable lasted less then a week before it didn't work at all.
1297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just as Advertised!
"Built like a tank" is probably a bit overused when describing products but Shure's vocal mics truly earn that title. They can take an enormous amount of abuse and never falter. Toss it around, drop it, bury it under other stuff, etc., NO problem. When you are maintaining a bunch of music gear, it's nice to have tools that you never worry about. For that reason, I'd highly recommend getting a used one if you can find a deal. Chances are, its in working order no matter what.
9835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a lot of capos over the past 40 years, but this is absoluteily the best.

6555	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great product.

4207	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works
3748	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pedal like new
2490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	De primera categoria.......
passages with minimum moisture. And dominant and over tones are there hour after
With that said, there are better ways of treating a studio than this foam. I recommend you look into Fiberglass Panels made with "Owens Corning 703" a quick google search will yield tutorials on how to make these bad boys yourself, and they're many times better than this foam, I guarantee it. I personally use this foam for the ceiling of my studio, and in my recording booth for the ceiling, and a small part of the wall lining. I use the Fiberglass panels for the walls, this combination of the two has yielded Amazing results.
i wouldn't buy this stuff for low frequency altering or sound proofing.  in my opinion, if you don't really know what you're doing, id say do a bunch of research or consult someone before you drop your cash
7907	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent construction, protects my axe and is easy to haul around. Definitely on par with pricier bags I own. Would definitely purchase again.
9820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Currently have 9 guitars and like all to have there own strap. Refuse to buy the expensive Get Em Get Em straps anymore, and bought 3 Dunlop strand. Went with a couple Ernie Ball straps and they are perfect for my expensive and cheaply guitars.
I've tried FX, and other silk and steel
6256	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Ive been playing these picks for a number of years now.  There are some folks I have run into who have used real tortoise shell picks and they have told me that this, while not the real thing, is pretty close.
5644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as it should
5651	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for Left Handed Guitar! Epiphone Les Paul
8711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great  pick for fast sweeps.
2618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bien

UPDATE: I changed the strings to the Aquila Nylgut AQ-4 set. Yeah, they're $10 strings on a $15 instrument, but the improvement in sound is just huge. I also polished the frets and fingerboard with a "magic eraser"-like product (an ultra-fine abrasive), shined up the body, and filed down the plastic saddle (which simply pops out of the bridge) to lower the action. It plays and sounds much better now, although the intonation remains sharp on several notes if you go note-for-note up the frets.
If I were thinking of learning to play the guitar, this one is a no-brainer....BUY IT!!!
5240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works great
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Martin-M1700-Marquis-80-20-Bronze-12-String-Acoustic-Guitar-Strings-Light/dp/B0002D0C1W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Martin M1700 Marquis 80/20 Bronze 12-String Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light</a>
I compared it to my K242 HD and these headphones are quite similar.  The K240 is priced less than 1/3 of the K242.  Kudos to AKG!!
9953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good picks I like them
4650	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these strings, and use them for all of my acoustic playing. Best of all, I can find them here for $3.49 per set, so I'm not dumping a bunch of money on strings all the time. Easy to play, and they sound great.long lasting if you take care of them by wiping them down every time.
9414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice capo. Design is great and no issues with strings vibrating.
-Epiphone LP-100
559	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's intended to do, and does it well. Will buy again if I ever need another MIDI cable.
6734	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's not as padded as one you would want for traveling but for storage it's perfect at this very low price.
5833	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My Epiphone Les Paul fits very tight, with no slack to move around. Seems very well made. It's almost as nice as the Gibson case, but it is not as expensive. It looks like the Gibson case, but doesn't have the silk cover that lays over the top of the guitar.
4520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted.  These strings gives nice volume and tone
3319	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mics are like pants, you have to find the right fit. This one I like for my vocals live. I sing fairly low and airy - works great for me. Also used to mic resonator guitar through a tube mic preamp live, very sweet sound. I prefer it to the 58, seems a bit more bright and natural. Might purchase another one eventually...
There's an art to putting any capo on so that it doesn't stretch the strings and pull the strings out of tune. Just place it so the back half of the fret is covered by the edge of the capo and your guitar should stay in perfect tune.

4126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Include 3M Velcro and we have a really beautiful product! Thanks Boss! Well made
4871	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo I've every owned.  Made in the USA.
8149	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Worked fine, but it's a little thin
9844	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The .6 MM pick has just the right amount of flexibility without flapping around like thinner picks. And the dunlop nylon standard is my first choice for mountain dulcimer playing. I know people use yogurt containers, credit cards, bird feathers and even coffee stirrers for picks, but for me, the consistency of the Dunlop pick can't be beaten. And the price is right, too!

future.
2775	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use this cable for small home recording projects. I do not take the cable around to gigs or shows, as I am pretty sure it wouldn't last longer than a few months of heavy use. The sound quality is fine and the metal connecters feel a little bit flimsy. If your looking for something that is cheap and will do the job, this is your product.
6059	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo! does what its suppose to and it looks nice!
5586	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought this Epiphone because I've always been a fan of how the Gibson SG looks. I wanted that Gibson look without the insane Gibson price tag, and this is it!
[endedit]

  E/ A

4271	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The instructions to this are pretty simple, and explained in multiple languages. Basically you're sanding various parts of the read to improve response, one of the most crucial sanding places is the table....which even on my 'better' reads was never perfect. You slide it around clockwise and counterclockwise and it evens it up. You can sand the rails down if you want with the pen looking thing.  Cleanup consists of washing the apparatus with water.

5480	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Came quickly. Works Well!
7134	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just right
733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm quite happy with these. I used them to run a short signal from the Main Out XLR output of my Behringer Xenyx X1832USB mixer&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Behringer-Xenyx-X1832USB-Premium-18-Input-3-2-Bus-Mixer-with-XENYX-Mic-Preamps-Compressors/dp/B0036E8DE2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Behringer Xenyx X1832USB Premium 18-Input 3/2-Bus Mixer with XENYX Mic Preamps & Compressors</a>&nbsp;to my Mackie CR3 studio monitors.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mackie-CR-Series-CR3-3-34-Creative-Reference-Multimedia-Monitors-Pair/dp/B00KVEIY4E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mackie CR Series CR3 - 3" Creative Reference Multimedia Monitors (Pair)</a>
6248	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite picks!  They work great on my strat with large gauge strings.  And they don't wear out too quickly.
I'd recommend anyone looking for a short cable go with a 2' adapter; worst case scenario, you can zip-tie a loop instead of getting angry that it doesn't fit.
8176	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not sure what to say except they a perfectly flexible for use with my Mando. I beat these up playing like a madman and they last. I buy so many because I lose them or they get a bit gray from string contact (time to change my strings). Dunlop are the best.
And the price is right.
7774	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They have a great grip and are made well. If you look at the diametrical measurements in the description, what I am about to say is not 100% accurate, but it is my impression. The Cool Rods give the impression of being half the size of the Hot Rods. In other words, the C-Rods are basically a smaller, thinner version of the H-Rods.
If you have some other configuration of microphones, or a different number than six, this may need some adaptation, but we use four regularly, and have two for backups or to add one if necessary. Before we were using one of the Vault cases, with some other stuff in there to take up the extra space, but this is far superior. Couldn't be better for our use.
It's small enough for their hands, yet it plays like a real guitar. Tone is good for such a small body, and the intonation is right on. I did file the nut slots a little to make it easier to play, but I have to do that to my $5000 guitars too.
Bottom Line:
2653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have had this mic for a long time, still works like brand new! One of the better mics in my collection, and my go to mic for performances
2.  The build is strong.  It's not some cheap plastic, but totally metal.  The only plastic pieces are knobs, switches, and the wah/effect pedal...but even those are made of thick and durable plastic.

3558	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. Fret board feels good to play. Has good weight to it all.
* You can customize your own drum setup, so you have have a couple bass, etc. Rule of thumb if you are trying to re-create double bass, is to make two sounds, almost identical, BUT make the second sound a little different tonewise. Because in real life, you can tell the difference between both bass drums. This makes it sound more realistic.
4446	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very easy install and amazing for gigging.
9015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Kyser Capos for years. I love the speckled finish on this one.
3425	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excelente...

5588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mhm.
617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice!
1804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I manage Blackbird Audio Rentals in Nashville where we service all sorts of customers from all walks of life. Some know what they want but have no idea how to make it work. Our small PA systems can be anything from a single powered speaker on a stick for a small presentation or tiny party to a full on wedding band playing for 500 guests!
These work like a light switch...on/off, so I'm not sure how you can rate them as poor.  There aren't really any directions, so it takes a little mechanical knowledge (just a little...it's not rocket science) to make them work.
5227	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are my preferred straplock; I put them on all my basses, and have never had one go bad. I have some that are several years old.
5505	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This pop filter is very effective in removing the pop if you're using condenser mics.  I should have given 5 star but the neck/connector doesn't hold properly. The pop filter tends to drop away from from the condenser mic just one day of use.
1957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are excellent value. They're light weight and the cups are small. The sound quality is ABSOLUTELY good enough to monitor yourself playing as you record. If you're on a budget and can't afford anything else, listening to music is enjoyable on these, though I wouldn't exactly use them strictly for this purpose. I use them for recording and they put out a pretty hot signal. Noise canceling not because they're designed that way, but noise canceling because I can get them loud enough to drown out the noise of my guitar strings so all I'm hearing is the mix and me.
5677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Pop filter works great. This really eliminated many subtle flaws I had with audio recording. Granted, you can make a make-shift pop filter using a hollow ring and nylon. But the adjustable clamp is really...well adjustable so fits many unique mic placement situations. Plus, although it is flexible, it is also very sturdy so don't worry about and vibration noises coming from this.
7340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after I got my first guitar.  I've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound.  It's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound I want.  You might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet!
9111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have a couple of these and they've always worked great!  Kyser rocks!
No problems at all with this cable, very high quality!
1510	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this cable works exactly as i expected, and in fact it satisfies beyond it's claims. i expect this cable to last for years, providing the quality sound i have come to rely on.
End result is that I bought a new set of strings.  You guessed it they are Aquila.
There are other styles of capos on the market, this one does fine for me. Yes, I would recommend it to a friend.
6573	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I really like my capo, the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic, and it works as it should. However, I feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product. For example, I think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer, and rounded (the back side of a guitar neck is rounded, after all). The spring could definitely be tighter...I do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough. Also, the design is fairly nice, but it's mostly aesthetic...it's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.
2094	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this at the end of my yoga classes to gently bring the class back to awareness from shivasana. It is well made and perfect to create a calming aura.
9626	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say here...Evans makes good products! This item does the job it is supposed to do. Love it!

1900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget.  It works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected.
2781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Didn't know what to expect for under $10, but it proved to be worth the gamble.
I always buy by the bag, because face it -- you're gonna lose picks.
Place it in front of your microphone in order to eliminate the explosive sound that ruins your sound when pronouncing P, B sounds.
3501	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good strings
7355	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Long story short, this string set has a strong metallic character, which distorts the natural sound of your guitar so much. Many people might like it, but for me, absolutely Noooooooo!
7763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	WORKS LIKE EXPECTED. MANUFACTURE WOULD NOT STAND BEHIND THE WARRANTY. HAD TO REPLACE.

4282	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	As others here have said, this thing is way too big.  I got a medium, and have small hands, and I'm not sending this back for a small, because frankly, I'm done.  Go in a store and try them on is my advice.  I have others that fit fine.  I wanted the whole Coricidin bottle thing but this isn't worth it, and for me at least is unusable.
3. The Book: I just scanned the book and I could tell that it is written well for beginners. The songs included progress from only needing 2 chords in the beginning and they add more chords on the succeeding lessons. Each song have a chart on which chord you will use.
They last and last...
1956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Its cheap, good quality, and is sturdy but not too comfortable. Its good to last, but the slots that hold the speakers may pop out the speakers sometimes, but it is easy to fix. Unfortunately they didn't last me (Somehow, left headphone speakers always break on me.) but for a normal person, you are looking at a good year out of these.
6021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sweet!

What I love is the price and value. You get three instruments that may not be SM58s, but they are not terribly far off. And if you run them through an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Alesis-Mic-Tube-Duo-Stereo-Tube-Microphone-Preamplifier/dp/B005NIVLX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Alesis Mic Tube Duo Stereo Tube Microphone Preamplifier</a>&nbsp;I think you would be hard pressed to tell the difference in a blindfold test.
1342	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product and purchase.
They do not fold up compact like some headphones do. They're large. Also, they don't noise cancel much. If you do live concert sound and need isolation from noise I'd recommend the Sennheiser HD280 Pro. But for home use and studio use these are excellent. I watch TV through these and really enjoy movies and shows the way they were intended to be heard.
'Sony MZ-N505 Net MD Walkman Player/Recorder'
3934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works really well for an ukulele, and for my banjo. I'll probably pick a second one up so I can travel and not worry about losing it. I like the ease with which it can be put on and removed, and it seems fairly sturdy. I'm not sure how the coils will hold up to repeated use, but I guess I'll keep an eye out and update my review if it fails sooner than I would want.

4485	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Peter Piper Picked A Pack of Purple Peppers - test passed, no "puh" sound to be found on the recording.
I've been using it for about three months and I'm quite happy with it thus far. It's not the best-sounding cartridge I've ever heard, but I wasn't expecting it to be. It performs well on my old '50s/'60s records. It tracks very securely at 1.5 grams. I tried running it at lower tracking weights but it skipped much more frequently at those weights. 1.5g definitely seems to be the sweet spot, and is still light enough that I'm not worried about it causing undue wear and tear on my records.
3607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used to use earnie ball super slinkys back in the seventy's. They were great strings. Very easy on the fingers. I thought I would try the picks. They do the job.
This pedal received the gain and JCM mod.
Durability: 1 out of 5. After two weeks of owning, I plugged them into my computer and listened to a little bit of music and all was normal.  I switched songs and noticed the right ear piece was not playing. I switched back to the song I was listening to before and still wasn't playing.
1144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great music.
I am not a "drummer", but for me this item worked to give my old kick head an extended life period.  I am sure it will help when I finally have to put the new kick head on.

I had a hard cover that looked like a coffin. This one is smaller and lighter.
Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thak you very much!
I really like this head set microphone.  My search is over.
The black Jazz III seems to have a more solid attack then the red Jazz III and a slightly different tone.
6832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected. No issues after two years of moderate use.
2717	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Both the Shure SM57 and SM58 microphones (which, by the way, are the same internally) are considered industry workhorses.  You see these things pop up everywhere, from studios to live gigs to concerts on TV.  They are everywhere.  Which I find a bit strange because, frankly, they don't sound good.
8605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Double bass pedal has a quality build.
724	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. I needed a 12" wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the Mini Advanced Shoe) to the microphone plug on the Video Camera...

9957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strap for the money.  Worked well and fit perfectly.
7014	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are the strings my guitar teacher recommended.
4491	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good, good quality product.
1594	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work for me, wasn't what I thought it was used for. So I ordered the right adapter for my purposes.
5765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 of these, Gibby LP Studio, PRS SE 245, Epi LP St Pl Tp Pro. They are just as nice as the Gibson cases you get with a $2000 Lp, cause I have one of em to compare it to.  The outside has a soft leather type feel and they are nice and furry inside. $80 bucks is a steal. LP s fit nice and snug, big pocket with cover. Key too.
2918	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What a nice mic. It works great for the football and lacrosse games I announce for. I don't know about singing through it though. For that I still use my SM58 for the national anthem.
Further, the young student can express his individuality, learn to be self reliant, and learn the great lessons of relentless steady effort. Some may think sports provide some of those life lessons too, but with guitar, you don't risk critical injury or regular public humiliation. What could be better for your kids?
6572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding quality for the price.  Fits my Les Paul perfectly.  Don't hesitate to buy this if you just need a case for moving your guitar around lightly.  Has a light amount of padding but enough to give me comfort it's protecting the guitar.
5607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was very impressed with the quality, finish and playability of this guitar. I've been playing for 30 years and own about a dozen electric guitars of various makes across a wide range of prices. I wanted to get an SG to play some classic rock and have fun with. I didn't expect much for the price, but I tried this guitar and the G400 Pro and honestly preferred the feel of this one.
5855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos are the best. Bought as a gift so I picked up the pretty gold one.
7167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was sent a different product than what is shown. I was sent some upgraded Dan Electrode power supply which costs $14. Thanks for the free money new haven music. It works great!

5222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a winner.  In the "off" position the base of the white base of the push button is visible. Very quiet operation.  A must-have when switching instruments between songs.
- My guitar arrived out of tune (expected).  However, even after tuning it, it wasn't playing right...G# instead of G on E-string at 3rd fret and buzzing on first 3 strings on 3rd fret.  Took it to the guitar shop that sold the Peaveys.  Two days and about $35 later, he'd fixed the trussrod AND a high fret (something I definitely wouldn't have messed with).

5157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The only guitar cable with a circuit breaker button!  I don't love the flexibility of the cable, but it's pretty good.
8486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it looks like. Not terribly awesome for fat bass picks, great for guitar picks
8667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great deal, super light but for a beginning strummer, probably perfect.  I got these and the .60s to start.  when I'm famous and more awesome, I won't have time to write this stuff..
4226	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just ordered for beginner clarinet and the sound has improved dramatically. Recommend for any beginnernplayers and also recommend coupling with Rovner ligature.
Anyone that's had that experience knows what I'm talking about.
523	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good length - I can stretch it anywhere in my home studio.
9396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected
355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
8766	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Let me preface this with the fact that I am not a good guitar player.  I am a quite mediocre beginner that knows only the basics, but I have tried a number of picks, trying to squeeze out as much as I can from them to help me along with my personal skills.  These picks seem to work with that.  I went with the 1.00mm as I tend to use medium picks and didn't want to go too thick.  But it's a weird feature of the Big Stubby 1mm in that the body is 1mm but the tapered bit is thinner than my medium picks.  So I don't get that flex that thinner picks get, but I get really precise tip control and something just a bit more substantial to hold onto.
5041	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nicely made, seems rugged. Also I love the circuit breaker momentary design
7939	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely the finest isolating platforms available. Works so well to keep my bass cabinets and the sounds they push clean and pure. Nothing rattles in the room and the neighbors don't complain. A great value for all musicians and audiophiles.
3) the display is not backlit and is difficult to read under low light conditions as youd expect in a performance
- Relatively small size while still placing the switches far enough apart you are unlikely to hit both when trying to step on only one.
Chinese low labor costs and computer robots making as close to perfect guitars are what your getting. Things even low priced form Asia these days can be made well in these times we live in. This guitar is a great example. Computers replacing hand craftsman. Sad but this is where things have gone, maybe for the better, maybe not. I may look at Epiphone more seriously for now on. Buy it you will be glad ya did.
580	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	No complaints, works as should & very useful, also a great price.
8618	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are good but didn't end up liking them as much as I'd hoped. Didn't keep my thumb as stationary as I'd hoped.
8396	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great picks that produce a great sound without making any unwanted scratchy noises (like so many other picks do). Highly recommendable!
6151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sparkle and works like a charm.  I think these are the easiest capos to use and most secure.  Enjoy.
1836	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was building a pedalboard and needed several short right-angle cables to complete the job. These did the trick, my board is now functional, works beautifully, and thanks to these patch cords has very neat wiring!
7390	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality cable and price. Works as good as those expensive 99 dlls cables.
2794	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good for the money is the obvious refrain, but this is also a solid, well-built guitar. The amp is plenty loud enough to annoy the neighbors when you practice. A nice kit for starting out. Later on you can decide whether you're going to stick with it and get something nicer, or whether it was a temporary pastime. And remember, if you (or the kids) stop using it, it's still worth a good fraction of the new price at a garage sale. There are always folks buying their first guitar kit.
6354	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super bright! Cuts perfectly for any music! Super glad I got these rather than the Ks. You will not regret this purchase! Not to mention, they're super shiny and sexy.
6267	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	For years I used Rat distortion boxes for guitar and for bass. Now I play bass a lot more in bands, and find the Rat sound to be weak and one dimensional. I sold off my rat and tried out a number of other distortion boxes at a local shop and settled on the Big Muff Pi. This thing is rich. The complexity of the distortion is incredible compared to what you get with most other pedals--must be the brilliant Russian engineering behind it. It has three knobs: Volume, Sustain, and Tone. The Volume is obvious, the sustain is really the distortion level. For the Bass, I run the sustain very low, and the volume higher and get a great mix of clean and distorted tone. Sometimes I run the sustain knob turned all the way off and this thing still drives the sound nicely. Too much distortion on the bass and you loose your ability to cut through the rest of the band in my opinion. The Tone knob adjusts the center frequency of the distortion. I run mine way over to the left and distort the low end around 200-400 kHz. You can crank it around and get anything from a low grumbly distortion tall the way to a really tinny irritating heavy metal sound. This thing is versatile, and no matter how you like your settings, the distortion it produces is rich in harmonic overtones, multi-dimensional, and unlike any other boxes I've tried. Highly recommended.
3349	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I decided to build a small disco for my kids last winter. Every Saturday night they have friends come over and this added a whole new dimention to our family fun times. Here is a list of what I bought from Amazon. All of this is still in perfect working order after almost a year of use. The moror is soundless and spins at the perfect speed. The strobes work well and will cause the required "where am I" feeling if left on too long. The Black light is strong enough to make anything 20 feet away glow brightly. Our living room is 20x 20 and with the lights out, the room is lighted perfectly.
804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Deal

697	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These 5 foot MIDI cables are perfect for connecting your MIDI gear to one another.
9915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sparkle and works like a charm.  I think these are the easiest capos to use and most secure.  Enjoy.
I really like the sound of these strings, there are some songs that I can't really use any other strings to get the sound right, except these.
The MK is a lap-size portable with the sonic power of a room full of vintage equipment. There are other synths in its size and price range but I don't think they sound better (personal preference) and they're not as easy to program. If I could have only one synth it would be a Microkorg.
of nickel to steel. These Boomers don't bend as easily as pure nickel but that is what you would
1601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The HOSA GXP-143 XLR Female to Balanced 1/4 inch Male Adapter is well constructed and it was bought at a reasonable price. I'm expecting it to give me years and years of service.
5807	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? I ordered it "New," and it definitely shows signs that it not new. First, the package was stapled, that's right- STAPLED together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. Then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. When I order something new, I expect it to be new. Based on this product alone, I would not recommend buying from this seller.

141	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	monster makes the best cable i ever used its so tough compared to other cables. it has a life time warranty i love
I was a bit disappointed that the guitar required so much user attention/interaction right out of the case, but what came out of it was decent enough.  I think the $200.00 price tag was a tad overkill all things considered.
5971	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	unless you find real vintage-made in japan, metal screw, this new ones-made in Taiwan or China, sounds cheap. Even with made in Japan, there are different types. I have that review on guitar fan site. For new players, I recommend Keeley Mod. As is with those big company, they lose true quality after they get famous and seek for more profit. Fender, Gibson, Yamaha...Coach bag company is a perfect example.
3920	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the dunlop crybaby is sweet and easy to use.  it makes my fender and gibson guitars sound great, and the price at amazon was most excellent compared to other places.
So far so good

6246	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	The 1.0 mm Dunlop Ultex feel MUCH thinner than 1.0.  Very flimsy and small.  No grip.  Stay with your old Dunlops, these Ultex Dunlops are terrible.  Dreadful.
4332	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sure as hell beats dropping my guitar. This has a better grip than a Siamese hooker on your joint!
The biggest and perhaps only problem with these, as others have pointed out, is that, yes, they hurt. If you're new to guitar, I would really not recommend them until you at least have very solid callouses on every finger. I play guitar every day for at least an hour, and my hand still has a tendency to go slightly numb from using these. In fact, even switching guitars and playing lighter, steel strings and coming back to these makes me feel like a complete beginner, when even fretting a chord would sting until it burned. And, just like with when I was new at guitar, you get used to it, and stop noticing as much, but still: a word of caution.
I will update the review in the future if I have anything significant to add... but in an hour or so of jamming, I already think this has proven to be a fantastic purchase!
'Sony MZ-N505 Net MD Walkman Player/Recorder'
This a really nice sounding pickup that'll be a big improvement over a stock one or an upgrade for those looking for a great clean sound. Whether it be for jazz, clean rhythms, fast and slow playing styles, this is an excellent pickup that you should pick up.
Pros:
6795	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this switch. It has a super sturdy case and the classic Morley logo adds a vintage vibe. I am using short high quality cables and I do not hear any added noise.

7861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Das Gut.
8914	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are best for what they are!
8166	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy to use and very durable. A little wide as you go up the neck.
7642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Play hard... control your volume.  Easy with these Cool Rods.
 For a mid-priced tuner, the Boss TU-80.
5520	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	yes
8677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Been using Kyser Capos for years. Bought this for my niece to match her pink guitar and she loved it.
PLUS the reeds last a LONG TIME!
3405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	inexpensive . durable, won't rust or corrode. sound great. good punch. full sound. play very well. recommend. [see title for more information]
throw it in the trash and forget about it. Blehhhhh
7908	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Protec makes great quality bags and this one was no exception.  Their deluxe line is heads and tails above the competition.  Thick padding, excellent stitching and zippers that don't hang up.  I'll never buy another brand of gig bag, ever.
Came with hex keys for setup


7318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Martin MSP4200 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Medium  are very good strings that are just below strings like Elixer's except they are much much less expensive.
but more problematic (feedback-wise) Shure SM58.
6788	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Pro-Mark Japanese White Oak (preferably these NP Signature 747 model sticks) for almost three decades, and have never been let down. They are quality made. Paired by sonically and weight matched sets, which makes each pair comfortable and consistent. You can also use the butt end to project more if needed, since they are well rounded and will not damage the drum heads.
6959	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	sounds fantastic. great price. love them
2846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Sounds
I've always been a fan of the warm Vox sound and they didn't skimp on this small practice amp. This is definitely an affordable, quality amp you can use for practice and even jamming with a band (it does have that much volume).
2800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NICE
682	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this cable to run a extra line from microphone podiums to a zoom H1. This adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. I own several of these and love them.
7017	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Feels good, if you like a fairly stiff pick. Looks like it will last forever, contrary to other Dunlops in my inventory. Try it.
1244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does the job!

2- Pathfinder
9346	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well, but creates a lot of gear around your fingerboard. Not needing adjustment is a plus, but I generally keep an adjusted Shubb in each case, and appreciate the simplicity and size of those. But the Kyser costs less and does the job.
7037	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Would not buy again. Thought it would be okay, but it is not really playable. $2 key chain that I'm giving away to someone because I don't want it now. Extra star since it's $2.
5012	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Shattered the first time I tried to attach it to a snare drum rim.  On stage, in a big hurry, disappointed.
5861	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!
4063	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using one of these Kyser's for a good while now. I only have one so it usually stays with the mandolin but works just as well for my banjo. If you never used one, it's makes it MUCH easier to change keys although I usually only use it when I'm playing chords, when I solo I like to play with open strings and this makes it a breeze to pop off and put back on. With a little practice you'll be able to do it quickly without having the strings buzz.
9580	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only capo I will use, and I've tried many.
4927	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been trying to get my hands on this baby for a long time and now it's finally mine! When I bought my Digitech "Grunge" pedal way back in the 90's I really didn't about BOSS but when my loyal Grunge pedal went kaput when it got all soaked during a storm I knew I had to get a replacement. Long story short I scoured the Web looking for a pedal that would be: a) powerful sound-wise, b) customisable, c) reliable and so on.
4476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not as slick as Pyrex, brass pr chrome, this slide still has a nice, resonant tone.  It seems to me to being closer to glass than other ceramic slides I've used, but is, again, not quite as slick.  It also has a substantial feel, and is a bit thicker than Dunlop heavy Pyrex slides, and a lot thicker than heavy brass slides.  I don't have particularly large hands (what Dunlop calls a medium usually fits my pinky about right), and this slide fits perfectly on my pinky.  I've had good results on both resophonic and electric guitars.


For starters, the 4 voice synth engine is solid and has the ability to create some amazing sounds that span the entire audio spectrum from gut churning basses to angelic and ethereal pads. That said, the 128 presets that it ships with are pretty decent to get you started, but PLEASE refrain from using them in your recordings/performances without doing a decent amount of tweaking and effecting. The mK seems to have a very unique sonic footprint, and since so many people own this synth, using the presets as-is is definitely going to be frowned upon. Of course this can be said about any synth, but especially for the microKORG. There's nothing quite as anticlimactic as seeing a band perform live using the mK and you recognize they're using factory preset A43. True story. The built-in delay/ensemble effects are great, but I think the mK sounds 1000x better when ran through some outboard effects. If I want a sick and meaty low-end bass that easily lends itself to (gag) dubstep or drum & bass, I'll run the mono output of the Korg to an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Electro-Harmonix-Bass-Big-Muff-Distortion-Pedal/dp/B001C1A6CI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Electro-Harmonix Bass Big Muff Distortion Pedal</a>&nbsp;and then directly to the board or to a bass amp. It's pretty filthy.
4547	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Easy to install, seems to work well, good quality build. They poke out a little more than I like but thats just a quibble. You should buy a set of these. You will be a lot happier than you would be otherwise.

7738	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This does work, but its not a real Keyser capo. When it arrived i compared it to my other keyser of the same shape.
2009	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I lead worship at a church with a whole bunch of different mics at our disposal, including Shure SM58s, Audix OM2s, and these E835s. I used to live and die by the SM58, until I tried the E835. I've sound tested all of them, and the E835 is the winner for me. It is much clearer and richer in sound, especially compared to the SM58. The SM58 is a bit dull, while the E835 really brightens your voice. Granted, I have a naturally lower timbre (baritone) in my voice, but even the tenors, altos and sopranos prefer the E835s (and some the OM2s) to the SM58.

9085	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am happy I chose this case.  A great way to keep all the audio part of my rig together and to keep those 'occasionally need' bits around as well.  I'd be a little happier if the foam insert that holds mics was 2 velcroed pieces - with 2 and 4 mic slots so you could have more storage area for jobs that did not need 4 or 6 mics.  But still the best case I've had for this purpose.


8619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very good for bass if you want the pick sound. That's about the only thing they do really.
any other brand at even twice the price is junk in comparison to the Kyser.



9091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great,great sound. The sound of these strings is different than any other strings you could get. They also teach a guitar player to use a lighter touch while playing to produce beautiful sounds. Well worth it.
9785	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound and stays in tune.  Great for beginners as well as those more experienced.  The ebony is truly impressive is real life!
5538	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Lets just start off by examining the price. At under twenty dollars you won't find many competitors, especially with this build quality. It is essentially an embroidery hoop with black pantyhose, an adjustable arm and screw clamp. Building one yourself will probably run you over twenty dollars and you will end up with an interesting mixture of distracting textures and colors, so why not just buy it instead? Functionally it works fine. It does muffle sound to some extent when stacked up against a metal mesh screen but for anything short of an audience of 50,000, it should appease just fine. all in all, if you are hitting annoying pops in your recording and don't want to spend a lot of money -- this is the way to go.
8819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good deal: good dealer.
6922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect, no rattle.
6668	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These sticks are nothing like Promark before they were purchased by D'Addario. They don't look as cool, there's no sumo wrestler. Also, the paint rubs off very easy. The wood doesn't seem to be as good of quality as the originals either. Overall, very disappointed.
8787	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The go to capo for live performances.
7597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The great thing about Vandorens is that they always consistent. They are produced by arguable the most reputable and widely used reed brands in the world.  Vandoren has the system for reed production down to a science. Each reed is individually crafted and individually sealed in its own plastic sleeve, preserving its moisture content. I've used Vandorens since the first time I played a note on saxophone and I STILL use them to this day. I've tried other brands and other styles but when it comes to reeds, never cheap out. Get some Vandorens.
2470	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My son is a musician and we wanted to get him a microphone for the holidays.  After a lot of research and emails with his band conductor we settled on the Shure SM57-X2U.  It was right in our price range, but didn't scrimp on quality of sound.  The bundle we purchased included a table top stand, cover and cables - a great package for the money!  As many musicians (and their parents) know, quality of the final product is most important and we are impressed.  He immediately started using it for auditions, online postings, and school work and we have been surprised at how well it records.  It is very user friendly and very durable (we all know how hard teenagers can be on things).  The mic also has its own carrying bag which makes it safe during transport to a variety of locations.  If you are looking for good quality and great sound at a fantastic price, then the Shure microphone is the one you have been looking for!
9197	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This will only fit a standard wired microphone (SM-58 or others).  My wireless mics (which is what I bought it for) are too long, and the holes are too small.  I would take the foam out and modify it to my needs, but it is glued and sewn into the bag. I'm not sure what I'll do with the bag, but it won't be holding any microphones unfortunately.
4875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pedal for heavy metal.  I grew up on Megadeth, Slayer, Exodus, etc & this pedal nails their sound.
5872	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I have four Roland DP-2's and three are broken. They stop working and get stuck 'on' for no reason. I don't think I'll buy another.
My Review:
DO YOU NEED A "MARINE BAND?"
6601	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I never really though i needed this until i bought it and heard the difference!
9683	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love these heads... Always have. They have a great "deep" tone with extremely well controlled ring, but still have tons of attack. If you're a basher like me, you'll love these heads. Just put them on, tune them up, and play away! They sound awesome right "out of the box".
3804	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This truly is Boss's equivalent to their parent company Roland product. I've used with my guitar setup for years and now that I'm doing A/V production, I find this unit to be most useful in bringing out a rich, chimey, tone to even dead flat tracks. And of course, it's a stereo processor.

809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great quality product from a great seller.
2103	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
9725	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Needed some new picks.  Went to local store and they wanted 80 cents each.  These are great and way cheaper
7692	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are very good reeds.  Balanced throughout the range of the sax.  Ages very well.  Great sound.  switched from 2.5 strength and was a noticeable difference in strength.  Not as free blowing but extremely solid intonation.
6805	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These clamps work very well and are very secure, unlike cheaper types of clamps that use a screw/bolt.  I've found them very durable and incredibly sturdy.
5080	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Cable switch doesn't work at all.  Appears to have a short straight out of the package.  Getting loud static that cuts in and out every few seconds.  This is a deal breaker!


513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Much nicer than the cheap plastic ended midi cables. Looks and feels better, but also locks into place a bit better.

8216	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like them. May try the 2 ply next time I replace my heads, but these sound great.

Truss Rod:  The truss rod was completely loose, I had to turn it a full turn before it "caught".  Then another 1/4 turn to get it just a hair off dead straight.

"Dynamic" microphones, do not, and cannot use "phantom" power.  If you connect a dynamic microphone to a microphone port that provides phantom power, you will have a broken dynamic microphone.  Sometimes there is a switch to turn off any phantom power.
For the right application these work great.  Also one more thing, these don't bounce as well as regular drum sticks but bouncing them off of a ride cymbal still can (reasonably) be achieved.
9051	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's really cool, very precise because it doesn't bend at all and because of it's size/shape, it's as if you are knocking on the strings :-) Or on the heavens doors :-)
Will keep you posted on further results...
1528	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and performance for non-gold plated contact product and I'll buy more. I'm not willing to pay the premium for gold plated versions.
6910	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this Capo for my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Washburn-D10/dp/B0014ZALCW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Washburn D10</a>. It works on my Orlando classical guitar as well. I wanted a capo that was simple to operate and wasn't too expensive - and the Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo fits the bill nicely:
8107	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	*** update after several hours of playing and practice before switching back to my Hohner Special 20 in G ***
It came in perfect condition. The action is set perfectly and I don't have any issues with buzzing strings. It comes with clear (black) control knobs, which I'll likely replace with something a bit prettier. But overall this is a great guitar. It even sounds amazing, it really does have that ballsy sound of a LP..... because well 0_o it IS a LP. Its no Gibson, but it IS a LP!

8071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	guitar picks.  These are easy to hold on to when playing.  Not too heave and not too soft
I even bought one for my guitar instructor, now he gets to keep his capo, too!
PROs
7008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like these the best of any of picks without additional 'grip' surfaces. (My favourite pick though is Dava Grip Tips).
2521	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's a reason every mic cabinet has at least one of these (and if it doesn't, it should).  This is a great all purpose dynamic mic, I use it for instruments, vocals, even field recording sometimes.  The SM58 has a frequency response that is supposed to be more tailored towards vocals, but that doesn't mean that the 57 can't handle a voice.  They're pretty much the same mic as far as I'm concerned, and for the average amateur recording engineer or home studio practitioner I think you'll find the same thing.  And if you're operating at a level where you refuse to use them interchangeably, then you probably already know what you're looking for.  I'll be getting a 58 to add to my personal cabinet soon, but if you're like me and wanted to spend more on a nice condenser before filling out your dynamic mics, you can't go wrong here.

Fast forward a while and it is time to change strings again.
4189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as a back up spate set. No problems at all with them. I love tjat GHS strings are made in the USA.
2499	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excelente
6786	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	tough, built strong
Yes, I would recommend this capo.
6628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great nice set up.
9993	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it
5427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always buy Ernie ball. However, I own a 6 string. Totally wasn't paying attention and by the time I realized, it was too late.
- 9V Power supply jack of the "standard" variety used on a majority of pedals
8733	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These heads, especially for 10 a piece, help almost any drum produce a fantastic sound! Everything about makes me want more, they tune fine just as well. Any ringing can easily be cancelled out with moongel, which if you're like me and don't want to spend $4 for 4 small square pieces, just go to a store that sells the sticky hand-shaped toys and get like 2 or 4 of those for like a buck or two, it's the same exact material and works just the same. :)
3931	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great little device for my banjo, easy to use and adjustments are made quickly... Well made and priced well, shipping was as promised !!
Folks, I've purchased far more expensive instruments that required a lot more set up work than this guitar.  I really wasn't expecting much of a guitar for the price I paid.  I am highly impressed.  This guitar is easy to play and sounds amazing.  It's a very simple, plain guitar -- No bindings, no gold, no pickguard, no nonsense, all business.

2003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Having used the e835 in the studio and on-stage, I can say with absolute confidence and correctness that the e835 is a great mic and not "muddy and congested" as another review would attest. There is zero nasal quality (unlike the Shure SM58), and there is zero mid-range congestion. The proximity effect is a bit more pronounced than the item description would suggest, but this microphone is crystal clear and absolutely transparent in its response. I've been involved in music, studio work, sound engineering, and performance for over 40 years, and, in this price range, this is an excellent value. When choosing a microphone for this time around as a lead vocalist in a rock and blues band, I auditioned 7 microphones. This one beat them all. Some were very close, but the e835 still edged them out.
6252	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter when she started guitar lessons.  She has progressed into the advance category quickly and this capo has done the job well as far as I can tell.  No complaints whatsoever.  If she needed something better, she definitely would have told me.  Highly recommend.
8374	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works as described. Holds our picks while playing.

899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I use this for my practice rig. I enjoyed the cable from that perspective. I probably won't use this for my gig rig. It works but seems to add some ambient noise. Also, there are no wraps. Works great for my practice rig. Hey, I gave it 4 stars.
I own the black, silver, gold, and camo Kyser capos.
5967	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Found this pedal while cleaning out my closet. I'd bought a while back and hadn't used it much initially. Funny thing was I tried it again when I re-found it and now it's the only dirt pedal on my board.

9628	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	been using evans hydraulic heads for over twenty years.
7182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I liked these strings. They took about a week to break in and sounded great after that, but...now, before the but, I think this but is for those of us who have the more acidic sweat or oils...I wash my hands before I play and I even use a string cleaner after I play a while that helps extend the life of non-coated strings...but for me they didn't last very long compared to coated. I play daily for at least an hour and these strings lasted me about a month and a half. Elixir's last me about 3 1/2 to 4 months. I have another guitar that I try different strings with and I had a set of DR Phosphor Bronze Rare strings. They lasted about the same as these. I really liked these strings and they had a great price. I may keep a set on hand, but they're just not for me.
Also, I've NEVER broken one of these picks which is amazing because of how hard I strum.
859	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Low noise and works great with various electric guitars.
4737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm a beginner harmonica player.  Just moved up from the $3.99 cheap brand played in a brace, to this one.  Love the difference in quality sound this has.  I'll be buying one in the Key of D soon.
Every qualified sound man knows exactly what to do with this mic, it's consistent, and darn near bullet proof. You will probably loose it before breaking it. You can spend thousands trying the latest and greatest option...or you can buy this, one of the cheapest professional mics around, stick with it, and know that you are already using something that the best of the best use to achieve great results.
9008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just reskinned my Yamaha drums with these Evans G2's. What a big difference. The tone is focused, powerful, with no nasty overtones. I don't even use my damper rings on these. They just sound great and I can't stop playing them. (I'm typing this one handed as I pound out a beat." ;-)
I now assume it's for professionals because they will have developed their playing technique to the point that they are more able to hit the notes regardless of the wooden comb's gap from the front of the reed plate.
5346	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'd chose this cable cause I own an older one with the angle plug and needed another longer cable with the straight end. I like the idea that you can cut the power  and remove the cable from the instrument with having  mute the amp or mixer. I recommend this product to anyone who likes the ability to disconnect without doing anything else.
522	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was having problems with noise in a recording system. Replaced a 15 ft generic cable with this and the noise is gone. Maybe just going with a shorter cable was all it took, but this cable works great.
8503	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	OK!
7911	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	awesome cheap repalcement string i would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to spend 50 bucks on high quality strings
4772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and functional, reasonably priced!
793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A-OK
8208	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Everything I expected from quality and support from the vendor.

8852	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great accessory.
2) The AT cartridge is 50% more than the Denon.
7617	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good product - good service - would buy again if needed.
2589	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is really great. For the price it is a real bargain. Very good quality amp, I have not had any problems at all with it. Have traveled with it and obviously will last only if used with care. You get a good range of tones and options with the knobs, pretty good deal for an amp at this price. The volume is sufficient I think for large rooms, but not for crowded spaces and where there is a lot noise. Can use headphones for practice sessions, which is always nice. I would buy this again if the one I have were to break. Would definitely recommend it.
3763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using GHS Boomers for over 15 years.  Tried just about all the others and GHS has been the ones to hold up to gigs and constant practicing.  Slinky's just don't hold tone and don't have the durability these do.
1405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is your basic, black electric guitar cable but it works great.  So far the connections at both ends are solid and the sound from the amp is great!  Nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough.  If problems arise later with this cable, I will update this review, but as of now there has been no problems whatsoever with this cable.
3807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great

4699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have them on all of my basses and guitar. They hold very well, are easy to install, and are enough different from the usual strap holders that they look custom.

1924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Needed a replacement for one of our turntables. Looked for something decent that didn't cost too much. Was preparing to spend about 50.00 until I ran across this one. Hooked it up and gave it a whirl and was very, very surprised at how good it sounds. It is right there on top. Better than the Signet it replaces and even better than the Stanton 881S. The latter of which has aged some 40 years so that may not be a fair comparison. The Stanton was state of the art for it's day and still sounds decent but figured, I don't spin the vinyl a lot so a decent cartridge would be more than adequate. Audio Technica has always made decent products. Their Mics and other equipment is reliable as it gets. You won't spend a lot of money but you will get a good product. Now, this cartridge is a bargain but sounds as good as some of the top selling ones selling for many times  the price. That's a huge bonus. With Amazon's great return policy, I figured it was worth a try and if it sounded awful, I could return it. Won't need to do that. It's a great find. I would not hesitate to get it again.
1980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you are not using this (or something similar) when setting up your turntable, you are damaging your records. This is so simple and can help so much that you just need to have one of these around if you're going to own a turntable.
Overall a great pick, and very tough.

367	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good
7379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings for the price. They have a bright, full tone, and the price is surprisingly low for the value.
9332	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't like the sound on plastic beaters.. also it's a pain to take off make sure you got goo gone or something...
4118	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well but takes some finagling in certain positions to keep it in position, works better with a Standing position than sitting for some reason on its side it doesn't like to keep rigid
5684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Holds firm enough and releases easily enough. Overall HAPPY with this purchase!

But a nice little instrument for a beginner, or for taking camping!
2181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice little guitar. I've been a professional guitarist for 53 years, and I bought this for my nine year old twins who wanted to learn.
2905	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I've owned and used AKG K240s (and the discontinued K240DF) for more than a decade.  The quality of the product has fallen CONSIDERABLY since manufacturing moved to China.  To be truthful, this was never a particularly durable headset, but the old models made in Europe were head and shoulders above what AKG is shipping now.  They feel flimsy coming out of the box, and the product I received has a poor solder connection internally that makes the right channel audio cut out when you turn your head.  The plastic ear cup is already partially cracked and I've used them for just two months in studio.  The ear padding isn't as soft or comfortable as the old model, either.
3190	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love this stand. It's lightweight, adjustable, compact when folded, sturdy enough and so far it's held up (although I've only used it for 4 gigs so far). Holds any of my guitars (acoustic and electric) without a problem.
7327	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	really nice like the look
Two issues to consider. The right angle plug was a mm or 2 short of being able to stick into my Tele and my Takamine. It would not seat properly and would slide out. I had to turn the cord around and use the right angle on the pedal board side, where it worked, but now the switch is "down there". I don't think Planet Waves is the first connector that I had a problem with that so I don't blame them, but maybe stick with the straight jack if you are not sure. Second issue is simply that these little button-switches are fussy. You have to make sure you have it in the right position by looking at them - feel won't do. (If you see the white edge they are "quiet")
2108	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.
I am actually going to get another case for my LP Epiphone LE Special II  - it fits that guitar perfectly as well. All of this started as my daughter got me my 1st guitar for Christmas 2016.
9680	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	At first impression I didn't think these hydraulics would hold up very long, especially for hard hitters. After 8 months of medium-heavy playing they're still good. A little tone loss, but overall sound is still surprisingly good. I love the fat, wet sound that still retains good tone only hydraulics can achieve IMO.

3474	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I love V-12 reeds, and use them exclusively now.  I tried the 56 Rue Lepic, but can honestly say I hate them.  They are very stiff, a different "resistance sizing" than the V-12s so far as I can tell, and that seems a bit crazy.  I recently took up clarinet playing after a very, very long absence.  My degree is in clarinet performance/music education.  I decided to give Vandoren another try (never used to like them) and have found my favorite reeds are the V-12s.  I have tried several of my "old brands" and just like the V-12s for their sound....it has a lot of clarity, and with the right mouthpiece, the sound is not "too bright." And by the way, I am finding 6-8 out of each box of 10 are really good reeds, some of them are great.  I am just transitioning from 2.5s to 3s, so I tried the 56 Rue 2.5s....no way....they are very stiff and I am going to have to spend a lot of time to see if I can make them playable.  If my opinion changes in the future, I will update this review.
As my Ovation is an acoustic/electric, I would also take a moment and say that these do sound just as lovely through an amp as they do unplugged.  While I don't actually use an amp that's specifically for acoustic guitars, through my Lab L5 the Ovation with these Earthwood's produces a wonderfully natural acoustic sound very similar to running the guitar directly through the PA.
4222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good

I had the balls scared off me when the strap slipped off my baby and she almost went right to the floor... I caught her with my foot (ouch), just in time to save her, but I immediately went shopping for locks, and got a pair of these from a local shop.
Also, every guitarist must eventually learn how to work on his guitar: restringing at a minimum, but adjusting action, making small electronic repairs or upgrades. Bolt-neck imported guitars like these (or Squire) are wonderful platforms for learning that craft without fretting about destroying a fine instrument. (Fretting... ha!)
6935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does the trick, easy to put on, keeps me in tune, looks great, my standard capo. I own 3.
6998	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	my granddaughter loves them
6429	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Kyser capos are the best. Sturdy and they do the job, an industry standard. Not much more needs to be said.
Based on YouTube videos, I'm going to give the Cool Cat Vibe a try... it seems to have a much more realistic Univibe sound (and apparently uses the same optical technology as the original Univibe):&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Danelectro-CV1-Cool-Cat-Vibe-Pedal/dp/B0027DO66M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Danelectro CV1 Cool Cat Vibe Pedal</a>
1217	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	cheap, decent quality, and good sound.
568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mates my drum machine to my keyboard rig.
B
2943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a big head though... The mic doesnt pic up quite as well as a shure sm58 but it works good enough. I haven't tried to modify it so it will fit my big head. Maybe some duct tape, and a little torch and pipe work wrench might make it fit better. Just kidding. Its a pretty good product over all.
There are two different types of sound treatment, and I really mean they're TOTALLY DIFFERENT: (I'll explain)
5820	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing is built to last, and holds an astounding amount of music. The pockets fill out impressively, and there is a built in pencil holder. This is one of the best music related purchases I've ever made.
The ONLY thing I have found a little annoying is the power light. Doesn't turn off unless you disconnect the power source from the unit. Otherwise, it has been flawless for me. Sounds great and does not heat up.
9403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My "go-to" pick!
Would highly recommend this seller!
7506	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got these to add more sounds to the set. I am pleased withr the results. Be aware that there are two other kinds of rods, which make a louder sound and are specifically for bigger venues (large halls, arenas, etc). If you play in a small room or small church, this will do.
At the local retailer they had several different kinds of cry babies set up. I put this one against the Hendrix, Classic, and 95-Q cry baby pedals and this basic one sounded by far the best. The only one that sounded better was the 535Q but at over $200 it was out of my price range. I paid $97+tax for my GCB-95 cry baby and it was worth every penny. I don't even touch my Morley anymore. It's cry baby all the way
Hope this is helpful to someone.  Thank you for reading.
3181	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These stands are beautiful, durable, strong, and well-built. I now own 4 of these, each holding the following:
Well made and should last


7490	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this on multiple acoustic guitars for low-level recordings and a few minor gigs. Compared to less expensive Dean Markley and Seymour Duncan pickups, the Fishman is clearer and much better balanced. It is especially good at reproducing the sound of the low E string, which the other pickups don't handle nearly as well. Finger picking, strumming, whatever, this thing sounds great! I did try it on a 12-string and was not as impressed, but that is really a different animal and shouldn't be held against it. Highly recommended!
4594	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the silk and steel sound!
9123	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks. But everyone has a personal preference.
---

1315	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!

8755	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
6415	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I already had one of these capos and decided to buy another for my other guitar.  It's the only one I have tried and it works just fine for me.
6624	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good price, arrived quickly, matches the Epiphone Les Paul
works great.
1670	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	As with anything you should immediately test when received.
362	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	These things just do not last...
2652	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone. Work horse.
1840	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine, nice quality. We'll see how long it lasts. Mine doesn't really move so it shouldn't break anytime soon..
The last advice I'll offer is not to indulge in candy or a sweet soda while broadcasting. It'll thicken your saliva and make you sound like someone attempting to communicate with his dentist after being shot up with novocaine (or is it lidocaine, these days?)--in any case, it's sugar cane, and fuctose syrup, that will muck up your elocution, making your gums talk louder than your words.
2696	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Indestructible mics that sound fantastic.  Love it !
3467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Daughter swears by these.
I'm happy with what I got because it meets my expectation and purpose. My only beef with this gig bag is that the front pocket is WAAAY to small. I don't see why they couldn't use more of the front for the pocket. Just sayin'...
Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.

First of all buy the real Spanish guitar. I mean Spanish made in Span not the "Spanish" made in China or anywhere else. Spanish guitars, even the cheapest made toward sound, not toward look. Do not buy guitar with laminated top, it will sound as a toilet sitting and you never will be able to get decent sound out of it. The quality of sound is very important while playing classical guitar and you produce the sound with your hands. It is crucially important to learn to produce right sound by positioning fingers and nails properly: you will never learn it with cheap, not authentic guitar, because it will sound the same whatever you will try! It is like a car that make only left turn. Then you will try to play the real guitar not the bogus one , you will find youself incapable to make it sound as other players do.
Forget the FAB series, they are not so hot.  Buy the old style as the Tuna Melt, or the big metal ones like the Dan Echo.  You will NOT be sorry!
7427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works for my son
9884	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Play it all the time

First of all, it didn't come in a box. It came wrapped in a paper.
When hooked up to an expensive Shure headset mic for our drummer run straight into the board this switch caused the mic to cut out and feed back.  Once we removed the switch (the weakest link), we had no issues.
recommended. or, past good enough for the girls i go with.
292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Controls volume by default and works well.  We purchased to set it up in the keyboard settings to change rotary speaker speed on organ setting.  Works well but keyboard settings tricky... but this is the keyboard's fault and not the pedal.
Well built.
The booklet included recommends different settings for you to choose from metal, overdrive, hard rock, british rock
379	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!!!
It has four separate channel inputs and two output options. Channel 1 is an XLR input with phantom power option (which you can turn on/off). Channel 2 input is via RCA or 3.5mm. Channels 3 and 4's input are RCA. Output is via RCA or 3.5mm. There are more than enough ways you can set this up depending on your devices and needs. If you need to use 3.5mm, either as an input or output, you can simply buy a 3.5mm to RCA cable adapter.
4513	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds nice on Ovation.  I find it easier on my fingers.

204	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend used to play piano, but we don't have room for one in our apartment, so I bought her the Yamaha P115 88-key Digital Piano and FC4A Piano Sustain Foot Pedal. Set them both up in our bedroom and the result is amazing. The resistance on the keys is great, it feels like a real piano, and it's small enough to fit next to our bed in our fairly small bedroom with no issues. Audio quality out of the built-in speakers is pretty good, but of course we could always hook it up to a better sound output if we wanted. It was a little pricy, but it's worth it if you need a piano in a small space.
I'm a long time vinyl enthusiast and old analog vinyl DJ,  Until recently, I had used Ortofon carts and styluses.  To my surprise, the
7391	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased three of these (three different colors) to make a mini-snake for my keyboard to their Di's.  I typically used Mogami 2524/Neutrik, but need cakes while in the road (I usually roll my own to exact length).  These have worked well, quiet, no handling noise, seem well built (I treat cables well, so I don't really test them with under tough circumstances) and hopefully will remain in their spot for the foreseeable future.  They are used 6 nights a week, and after 50 uses, no problems.  I recommend them (plus, for live, the fabric cables in different colors are great for easily identifying which is which for a road crew member who might not know audio well.).  Nice pieces...
Both the AT311EP and Shure M92E are very light tracking cartridges with an optimum of 1 to 1.25 grams.  Neither should ever be used at more than 1.5 grams. The 1kH 29dB channel separation specs on the AT311EP are far better than the 1kH 20dB spec on the Shure M92E and darn close to the Grado Black's 30dB.  The channel balance specs on the AT311EP are slightly better than the M92E also, by 0.75 dB. The AT311EP uses a .1 mil narrower stylus so it goes a wee bit deeper into the groove than the Shure M92E which accounts for both some of the added brightness and turning it into a better dust collector on old neglected records.  The Shure has the advantage of a lower cost stylus replacement because the ATN3472SE stylus used in the AT311EP is harder to make since it is slightly narrower and because the AT's are imported from Japan.  Both the Shure and AT styli are diamond, thus about equally durable but the AT replacement is going to cost you more and stylus replacement cost matters to some people.  If you play a LOT of records or just like changing your stylus every few hundred hours then the Shure might be a money saver in the long run, but if you have a system capable of true fidelity the Shure simply is not as airy on the high end of the audio spectrum.
I've read some reviews that said the bass is lacking...that is far from the truth...the bass is tight and strong...so much that I found that I have been over compensating with my old monitors.  The highs and the mids are good as well.  I wish I purchased these a long time ago...I would have saved some money! I think these will hold up...they are definately built like a tank and will last a long time if they are not abused...which I have no plan on doing.  My AV40s cost more than these and failed after very light use! If you are up in the air about getting these...don't be! You'll be missing out. Get em!!!  Thanks Amazon!!!



600	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work, sadly. No sound came out. Tried multiple mics to no avail.
261	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A+
Arrived on time & exactly what I wanted, thanks!
8053	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	these are being used by my son in the school marching band and have always performed great. they were recommended by his band teacher. he has been using the vandoren brand for three years and will continue to use them

5488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love this Harp, hard to beat it, but then it's a Hohner, what more can one say? Now if I could only play as good as the Harp is. Oh well if wishes were Horses, we could all take a ride.
  B/ E
183	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great and came in one day!
8040	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thumbs up! good add-on
7516	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	If you're like me, you want a solid footswitch that isn't dirt cheap but that also isn't $50.  The Crate switch is indeed a good compromise.  I'm successfully using it on my Peavey Delta Blues 210 for switching the overdrive and tremolo channels.
5167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Muy buen cable
Cons: low sound on playback

The LP-100 on other hand is VERY impressive for the price and would be a good starter guitar for anyone interested in learning how to play. Looks wise, it begs to be taken off the wall and played. The iconic sunburst finish really shines, doesn't look cheap at all, and can take a ding or two without showing. The sound is great, the humbuckers really sing, and the volume/tone knobs are responsive. String changing is a breeze and adjusting the action is also very simple given the tail piece and bridge are easily accessible. You can get a wide variety of rich tones out of this when coupled with a decent amp - I used a Fender Mustang 2 and not some silly mini speaker. In fact, if you are buying this for a gift or as first guitar for yourself do get a Fender Mustang 2 at around $100 on here. One of the biggest blocks for learning can be things not sounding right, Part of the equation to having a successful start with playing guitar is a combination of good equipment at the start. My recomended setup for those I give lessons to:
2424	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Gain on this mic isn't the greatest, but for speeches and soft recordings: this guy can handle it all very well!
Vocals (good)

The problems.
Time Tested
7873	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've heard higher end strings in action and there's definitely a difference, even among equally skilled violinists, but these guys are definitely perfectly good, both in general and especially given the price differential. When I first got my violin and before I got it set up with a set of Wittner fine-tune pegs I accidentally snapped a couple of strings during tuning, which I had to do a lot of since the thing wouldn't stay in tune worth a darn. So, especially for a novice like myself or if you're tuning a lot because of slippage with regular pegs, these are nice because they get good sound without being so expensive you're going to get angry if one of them breaks or otherwise needs to be replaced.
6828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works well and as advertised.  I use this to switch between my 12 string and my 6 string @ my church.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Danelectro-CM-1-Cool-Cat-Metal/dp/B000A40NAI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal</a>:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.
Hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.
5305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just recieved my Hohner marineband C major harp. It's a little different with the wooden comb/holes. It has a decent feel, slightly smaller than my Lee Oskar harmonicas. The wooden holes make it feel a little sticky and stiffer when playing. But in my opinion, it forces you to play better and achieve a more distinct sound for single notes and bends. Thereby allowing lesser air loss. I still 0 refer my Lee Oskar harmonicas, and haven't honestly found another I'm comfortable with. I have Suzuki, hohner and Lee Oskars.  I did give the marineband 4 stars. It's playability and sound is pretty awesome. I feel like I have to play it a certain way, but when doing so, I'm hitting every note that I'm looking to play.

145	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really Great Product, soildly built, More than happy with perfomance, and I would ecomend this product to everyone who has a need....Its all Good!
The sound these string produce is amazing; you can clearly hear his playing from anywhere in the house, and that is really nice. They look outstanding on his guitar too, as they have a nice, warm copper'ish look to them. We would purchase these again as long as he's looking for this type of rich sound.  The price was outstanding and delivery super fast.

4314	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Martin strings.


These are thicker than the green Tortex picks and are also good for lead electric guitar and mandolin (imo).
3015	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product served its purpose.
The one I got is Revision J which I believe is the latest one right now. Although the original crybaby is not true bypass and does not come with the red fasel (Included on the Crybaby Classic, 95Q, 535Q and so forth) however I've read that Original Crybaby's (GCB95) from Rev. H onwards do come with them, and I can confirm my set (Rev. J) does indeed come with one.
4526	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They are good.

For the record, I use the following amp, which I have also reviewed that is a perfect match to this guitar:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kustom-Defender-15-Watt-Class-A-Guitar-Head/dp/B004XFHWKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kustom Defender 15 Watt Class A Guitar Head</a>&nbsp;that I run through a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kustom-The-Defender-1-x-12-Guitar-Extension-Cabinet-for-5H-Head/dp/B0036B8A2K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kustom  The Defender 1 x 12 Guitar Extension Cabinet for 5H Head</a>.
4577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect for your old acoustic with out a truss rod. for being light strings they still give and nice bass tone on lower notes with a crisp clean on the high end. I'm going to try these on my gigging acoustic.
One and only my complaint is missing rebate check for 10$, that was promised by the authorised Shure seller.
'Sony MZ-N510CK NetMD Walkman/Recorder with Car Kit'
This is a great take on the classic Les Paul is excellent for multiple applications, especially METAL, which isn't my main genre but I do play metal riffs occasionally, especially now on this guitar among my 12 other guitars.
The length is just right, I really like these short patches for my board.
I dread the thought of stopping in my local Guitar Center to buy anything.
This is simply not acceptable.
2976	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best rack screws money can buy.
4044	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this is my first petal of  any kind.  I had read that the Wah shoud be your first so I went with that.  glad I did.  this Wah petal is so much fun.  you can make as many cool sounds as your imagination will allow.  It is hours and hours of fun.  the sounds are great.  I have had no problem with performance.  it works as it should.  I highly recommend this petal.  it's price is attractive as well.

It's been barely a day since the guitar arrived and, as yet, I've only played it unplugged. I can't wait to hear how it sounds amped up.
6900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The picture is different of package I received
5536	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Nady MPF-6 6" Clamp Microphone Pop Filter works great with Behringer C3 Condenser Microphone and the on Stage DS7200B Adjustable Desk Microphone Stand. I think all three of these products work great together. Bob Robbins Plainfield, Indiana
6111	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and service!!!
4414	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings changed my outlook on playing my acoustic guitar. I have been searching for a while to try to find acoustic strings at a good price that felt more like electric strings. Sure, electric strings would work on an acoustic. But just didn't have that same richness to them. Tried several different gauges with the same outcome each time. Then I heard of the Earthwood Silk and Steel strings. Put them on and just tuning it I could tell a difference. Have that warm rich acoustic tone. But don't make your fingers feel like you put them through a grinder after playing for a half hour or so.
4279	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does the job perfectly, easy to use, a little expensive
144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Especially at this price. Connectors feel SOLID like they can take a bit more abuse than others in this price range.

3809	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sound !!
2398	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	shure.

9969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these now never let me down yet,a good price and I feel they are a quality piece
8222	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Although bassist typically don't use capos I found this one helpful for checking fret buzz when placed at the first fret thereby leaving your hands free to check for string height along the remaining frets.  The spring is very strong and the rubber pads are nice and soft.
amps, stomp boxes, pickups, effects, and even picks. Well, that goes for strings as well. The
7291	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Another "boss" BOSS pedal!  This chorus has been around for some time, but since 2001 has been changed from analog to digital (funny how they kept the same name!)  Mine is digital of course and I think it's a fantastic pedal.  It adds that thickness, chime, lush, and liquidity you expect from a chorus.  The controls are very easy to tweak to get your sound.  Give it a little to bring out some interesting texture to your tone, or put it on thick for over-the-top 80s sound, get crazy and rock out!  This pedal really is fun and definitely has a place on my pedal board (even though I only use it about 20% of the time, its a keeper!)  If you want the option to go stereo, this is a great way to split you signal!  Even if you don't need/want the actual chorus effect.
9796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice picks.
All I can say about my Kyser capos is that they work, and they last. Like so many other things in life, I tend to lose them before they wear out.  The reason I come back and buy these admittedly more expensive products every time I add a guitar is that they never let me down.
4058	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good sticks
Use it on a Taylor 414 & Martin GPCPA4 acoustic Guitars
8373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome for my use.  I just need this incase I drop a pick and need to grab another one quickly and it works perfectly for that.  I use thin picks and they seem to be held very well and I really like how the pickholder is a nice soft rubber material.  Personally I couldn't be happier with it.
8799	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome heads.

Intonation:  The intonation was off on four strings.  Very easy fix if you own a tuner and a small screwdriver.
2711	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The ultimate choice in microphones. They are very durable and very clear. This is THE obvious choice for anyone. A plus.
5355	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The Dunlop Dual Design Straplock System is a sturdy, fairly easy-to-assemble and easy-to-install alternative to guitar straps slipping off of instruments.  The screws that are used to attach the Straplok to the guitar are heavy gauge and pretty large--there's little chance that these are going to come out.  The locking mechanism seems like it is secure and should require little maintenance.  The only disadvantage of the Dunlop system to Schaller's system is that the the Dunlop sticks out measurably farther from the guitar's body.  Ordinarily, it seems like this should be only the most minor of inconveniences.  On an instrument such as a Hofner "violin" bass, though, or any guitar with a strap button on the back of the instrument, this makes it difficult to hold the body of the instrument against your body for support.  Schaller's strap locks might look a little more elegant to some players.  The Dunlop Straplok System is sturdy, should provide a long life of service, and can be found at a better price than several of its competitors.  Recommended for most guitar body styles
7019	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I tried this but ended up going back to Tortex.  I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  The Ultex has a little brighter attack though and wears out less quickly.  Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid.
7971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for a few months now.  I'm using it to support a Hsu VTF-2 MK3 subwoofer.  Anybody who has this sub knows it`s a sub with a very large cabinet.  Originally, I had the sub half on tile floor and half on carpeting.  I`d cut a couple of pieces of carpet to put underneath as per the manufacturer`s instructions, but every time I looked at that setup, I was less than satisfied.
5052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It holds my strings down so I can have new fun, and when I get bored of that, I can take it off all fast and stuff
45	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I found this product very clumsy, I'm sorry but didn't help me!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 5 Stars
5171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This the second set of strap locks that I've owned. They are a little difficult to attach to the strap if the thickness of the strap is a bit on the thicker side. The quick release and secure connection are great.
3641	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great for the price
7923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings require a little breaking in but then they hold the pitch very well. I like not having to use so much tension on the strings to tune them.

7647	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	quality and convenience. my child plays the sax in two bands and having a ready supply of good reeds is mandatory.
8515	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	MY NEW #1 guitar picks!!!  I even favor them over John Petrruci's endorsed Jazz III's!  Which are also great too.  These are just super fast!!  They seem to sort of bounce off the strings as you pick.  The one drawback some guitarist's may have with these is, something about the placement of the grip divot needs to either be removed or moved.  I find that after some aggressive speed-picking or fast chord strumming the pick tends to move between your thumb and index finger into an awkward place.  However, I've noticed some degree of that with almost virtually any pick I've used.
Pros: Great sound, all the hardware for both mounts are included. Highs and lows are well defined but not overpowering. Just clean. Mids are crystal clear. That is what we used to dream about in the old days. I couldn't see spending the money on a better one when these do so well and they do not require a lot of tracking force. That, alone, is a real bonus.
The benefit of other capos is that you can decide how tight to make it, but this one you cant change its clamp, its a really strong grip and if you don't angle it well it can make your guitar be not quite in tune, but its solid, reliable, and quick to use that its far better than any others for me in Concert.
i took a chance even though the reviews were mixed, because i needed a long cable: and the price was low. g'head, give it a whirl.
994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are exceptionally good cords for the price.
4117	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, had no issues in 3 years of use

***
8695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I prefer nylon picks because they have a softer feel on the strings to my ear - less "clicky" - than a standard plastic pick.  My favorites are Snarling Dogs Brain Picks which are very similar to these.  I guess when it comes right down to it these are essentially the same, I just have more of the Brain Picks at this point, so I use them more.  But these Dunlop nylon picks are excellent.  They're almost impossible to drop, they sound and feel just right to me, and they last seemingly forever.  Hard to go wrong with these if you like nylon picks.
1333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice product
7953	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am a student learning the fiddle and my instructor was impressed with these strings. These are all ya need to get ya started !
I added more photos here, and I am happy with both purchases!
1970	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	quality  product .on time delivery
4421	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Strings! Ukelele sounds great! Plays easier, stays in tune, and these were not expensive. I would recommend to all Ukelele players to try these out!
--Tatyaya
6917	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	nice case. more detail than some epi cases. fits my hummingbird perfectly...
3958	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
Good music to all!

For quiet evenings and mellow music I highly recommend these strings.  They may be too light for a campfire sing-a-long.  Do  people still do that?
6763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works great
7475	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great deal, great product, super fast shipping!! A+ all the way.
8781	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fits tight on the upper mic stand frameworks. Holds pics securely, too. I'd buy again if a need arises...


6486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	A++
3220	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know if this is a new thing with all Gator racks, or just the 2U, but for some reason they've made two changes with kind of suck
27	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good value. Decent quality. At the deal-of-the-day price it was a downright steal.

3453	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great classical strings..  Great Company.
4019	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've only been playing ukulele for about 3 years, so I'm new to using a capo.  It seems to hold tight.

607	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Every Hosa cable I have owned works well, and the Midi is no different. I usually pick up 2 of every cable I need and keep it in storage. These are my favorite cables.
- The not-so-cheap stuff
2699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent too has received yesterday
5729	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I read several reviews of pop filters on Amazon and was surprised by how dissatisfied many were.  Finally I just went with this one and I'm pretty happy with it.  It seems quite servicable.  It is a double filter and attaches to my stand well enough.  The arm is just a little weak butit does stay put if you just don't bump it.  I guess there is a balance between stiffness and ease of possitioning it.  I think possitioning it would be a little easier if the arm was just a little stiffer.
Also, not sure who came up with the idea of selling 25... that would be good for 6 rack items then you're left with 1 screw...
3283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	For the money, this is the best live mic I have ever used.  Especially great for vocals in a band.  Cuts through the mix with ease.  We have 6 of them and they are solid as a rock.
2587	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	A fun size amp with a nice small room sound and perfect if one is lacking in space to practice. It's one of the Amps best feature; its' Fun size. It takes little to no space at all and if it's late just plug in a pair of headphones and play. The only critique is the "clean" vs "overdrive" which is considerably louder,  (as I know it should), I just wish the clean had as much volume and power. It isn't loaded with a whole lot of features just straight forward plug in guitar and play. It really is a nice practice Amp and the Price is right on this Amp.
It has a nice long chord and it seems very sturdy. I am very satisfied with it.

All and all I am satisfied with the purchase.

1973	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	superb unit!
Picks are cheap so just keep trying different ones until you find one you like.
2029	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this on my amateur horror movies. Mic has great sound quality and I love the selector for tele or gain. I would buy two if I had the dunkets!
4383	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Of all the variations of capo out there, this one is the best I've used. The stretchy band around the post and heavy chrome lever types are too difficult to position but this spring loaded type can be re-positioned with just a squeeze to get away from that buzz or mute that you run into at times or that intonation glitch away from the sweet spot from guitar to guitar. It's not 100% clamp and play but it's better than other designs I've seen. Still waiting on the perfect capo.

9199	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Its a pick...it picks.  Non slip texture

9330	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I LOVE these strings, but since I purchased them the prices went up 20% so I am searching for an alternate string. If you only string one guitar, change strings infrequently or don't mind spending an extra $2-3 these strings are for you.  I gave it 4 stars because of the price increase.  FWIW I've used these strings on Stratocasters as well as Les Pauls.  The sound is very warm and round without sacrificing brilliance.

934	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've long believed Hosa to be a really good cable that didn't cast an arm and a leg. I'm reasonably gentle on my gear. I discovered Hosa when I found their short patch cables to use w/ my effects. Now, whenever I'm looking for any type of cable, the first ones I look for are Hosa. They've been reliable through numerous gigs and all the practices between. I would confidently recommend these to anybody looking for a quality product. Now, like I said, I'm easy on my gear, cables included. I don't know how these will hold up if you're going to stomp on them, jerk the cable ends around but, I don't know how any cable will hold up to that type of abuse. You may want to consider some wireless system if that's your case.
4405	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It may not be the perfect capo, but for playing live it will never let you down. I like capos that offer some fine-tune control while playing at home to get the best tone. This isn't adjustable. However, when playing live, you need to know the capo will work without buzzing or having dead strings. This one fills that bill. Clamp it and play with confidence. It also stays out of my way with the low profile over the fretboard. No risk of damaging the guitar, either. There may be capos that have the potential to sound better but this one is reliable and fast, which means a lot in a live setting.
3832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I wanted
Thank you Amazon for selling professional music gear on your site.

1524	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa guitar cables work great. Never had any problems with them. I own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.
5253	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The first thing I do when I get a new instrument, is put a straplok on it before gigging with it.
5759	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had several capos and none of them seems tpo work on any 12 string guitar. This one not only works, its extremely easy to use and, to be honest, quite gorgeous. I love it. trully worthy for the price.
The clasps function well and open and closes with ease. While in the closed position, your gear is safely stowed and will survive transport without breaking a sweat.
I'm sure they would work fine as batter heads as well. I just personally like two ply batter heads: G2 clear, G2 coated, or EC2.
1846	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to do for cheap.
7242	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Java are always the best.
After writing the original brief review (above), ALESIS staff commented and mentioned support available.  I felt I needed to learn this, so I don't let support staff down.  I looked at the manual very closely and somehow figured out how to set up a basic song.
5219	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the best cables out there, the switch is awesome and lasts a long time.  I have another one that is twelve years old and functions like new.  nice job Planet Waves.
707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I ordered a few of these cables but have only opened one so far, and have only used it a couple of times.  Nevertheless I've used a lot of cables in my life and these have the look and feel of quality products.  The connectors are solid and well-molded.  They have good strain reliefs.  The cable jacket is thick enough that it should be able to stand up to regular use.  The cables are thick and comfortably pliable without being wimpy.  Unless there's some hidden weakness that I can't spot from the outside I fully expect these to last me for decades.
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
7588	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The simplest capo on the market. I own several of these and like them more than any other capo I have tried. Many complain that they are not adjustable, but I have never had issues. If the tension pulls you out of tune, just bend the back support a little to adjust tension.
3730	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent simple product. Fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. Easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. Has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves.
The only things I don't like about it are:  (1) It is only two pieces; whereas, I used to play a three-piece recorder, which allowed my to angle the bottom two holes to the side slightly; and (2) the A flat is a bit off key when you use two fingers from the left hand on the top and two fingers from the right hand, which is how I'm used to playing it; you have to add a third finger from the right hand to make it sound on key.
These strings are a great  answer for me to still enjoy making music while keeping the effort of applying pressure to the strings alot easier to deal with. Also a great way for beginners to get started gradually building callouses before they get into the really nice sound of heavier gauge strings.
I noticed that some batches are thicker and more stiff than others (which I prefer). The tolerance range on these picks is pretty large so sometimes the picks can be a lot thinner than you might want them to be.
6629	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant audio engineering.
9917	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.

Mahalo Nui Loa (Hawai'ian: Thank You Very Much) for fulfilling your obligation in a glorious way.
8346	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There is no better guitar pick ever created on this planet.

I mainly use this pedal as a boost -  I have the drive set to about 9 o'clock, tone set to 12 o'clock, and the level set somewhere to the right of 12 o'clock (depends on my mood and the situation.)  This helps push my lead channel over the edge a bit, and it also gives a nice boost to the clean channel, helping to get that saturated tube sound at lower volumes.

1864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	JUST WHAT I NEED TO CLEAN UP THE PEDAL BOARD FOR SHORT MONEY.YOU CAN BUY THE EXPENSIVE STUFF BUT IT'S NOT WORTH IT, THEY'RE GOING TO STAY ON YOUR BOARD ANYWAY,SO IT'S NOT LIKE THEY'RE GONNA WEAR OUT!
6966	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like the Ultex medium picks for acoustic guitar. They have better  flexibility and texture  than your standard cheap picks (which are like credit card material).
I got the vintage gold, which is the winner hands down! but this model has the most reviews, so I wanted to be included in this one. I have an inexpensive keyboard that has more "normal" sounds. this, with a keyboard with a HALF DECENT piano sound, and you can do something special. that with my guitar, bass, drum machine, sp-303 that I never use, and digitech jamman solo, and my effects pedals is enough to do some beautiful things.
I use it with two different Danelectro effects pedals.

6565	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good will need safety cable for heavier light
2115	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a good all around cartridge especially if your not after a superior sound. It's very "neutral" and uncolored which is a real plus. However, upper frequencies-cymbals, "s's" etc.-can sometimes get muddy depending on the recording. Don't let this scare you. This cart will track almost anything! If you can find a Shure 104E stylus to replace the stock stylus you'll be pleasantly surprised at how good the 92E cartridge really sounds! I only give it 4 stars because the stock stylus is a little lacking on the high end, at least to my ear anyway! Good overall value especially given that it's a "universal" mounting  system.
Harmonicas fatigue and eventually need repair and tuning just like any other musical instrument and it is reassuring to know that Hohner's got you covered and have customer service and various resources to keep you jamming along.
6753	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I buy all types of sticks from all manufacturers and wood types.  I break many of them really quickly as I hit everything on my kit really hard.  These Oak sticks are great; I used them in my last show the day I received them and beat the hell out of my drums with them and it barely made any marks on the sticks.  Usually my hi hat play chews sticks up but these held up great.  I could see these sticks lasting me months.  Buy them, you will like them.
5289	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Would recommend these to any guitar or bass player. They rock and do what they a called to do, way to go!
3889	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ProMark 7s are my favorite all-around sticks for 90% of what I play. ProMark 5s I use for heavy hitting.  ProMark is my go-to stick. What else can I say?


1486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good product fot my keyboard so Looking for something and cheap, this is your product, buy brothers buy!!!! I bought two and they work great!!
7244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Super reeds -- I use these with my otto link stm 6 & 8* metal tenor mps for a clear, strong tone.
I'm thrilled a company with a great reputation offers an affordable, high-quality wireless mic. Great job AT! Now you just need to follow it up with an affordable UHF version. I really don't understand the drastic price differences..I guess I need an MBA for that....
3088	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	the best boundary mic for $100 you'll find anywhere.  Very crisp, clean vocal pickup, good siblance and very clear.  Pick up area is up to  six feet with minimal echo.  Should be a little heavier so the cable doesn't move the mic on the table, but a bit of gaffer's tape handled that pesky cable.  Not too pretty, but it did the job.  Good long cable, too.  Also, XLR male on pre-amp end of cable, so its a balanced output for pro use.  Bought two.  Sounds better than the older more expensive larger model.

My first ukulele was a cheap Makala MK-P. It was $47 from Austin Bazaar fulfilled by Amazon. I knew that factory strings on this uke was terrible, and ordered a separate set of strings with it. From what I've researched online, people everywhere rave about the Aquila strings. However, being a cheapo, I got this Martin M600s because it is almost half the price of a set of Aquila. Since the order was over $25, the Martins qualified as an "add-on" item.
7814	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thank you
Bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.
706	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nothing fancy, just a nice, solid, well-made cable.  I'm confident this will last, stand up to normal use and serve me well.
1147	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this.
963	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected with my keyboard and Lexicon I-O/22. I can't notice any added noise or interference and the connectors fit well.
9180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lightweight, well padded: This does the job we needed it to do by storing our 5 mice and some of our belt packs. I would recommend that you insert the microphones into the case with the microphone facing down: The tubes for the mics are very snug and you may have difficult retrieving the mic if you insert it the way the image shows (mic-end up).
7003	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice texture.  They don't slip when your fingers get damp from sweat.  A little more texture would be even better.

On my Ludwig Keystone kit (oak & maple shells) & Pearl Export Select kit I use coated G2's on top, clear G1's on reso side (toms), EMad on batter and reso on bass drums, coated ST on snare batter, Hazy 300 on reso side. (wood snare 2.3mm hoops)
5510	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is a really nice case, fit my YPT-300 like a glove...The only problem I had with it was that it didn't fit my car trunk.  I had measured multiple times, but I think that the outside measurements don't include the wheels.  If the wheels were more like suitcase wheels (you know the kind that are rollerblade wheels that are inset to the case a bit) it would have worked for me, but since the wheels sit completely out, it didn't fit.  I'm very sad having to return it.  One more thing you shoudl know about the case.  The YPT-300 weighs next to nothing, but this case adds on a bit of weight,  I don't know for certain how much but I'd say between 15-20 lbs total.  While the wheels help, they don't help you going up and down stairs, but I can generally find someone bigger to handle that part.  If I still have this keyboard around the time I change cars, I might buy this again.
8066	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use capo. Its my goto cap. I like that I don't have to worry about it damaging my fretboard. It is also nice to that you can move it quickly.
4644	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just installed them in my 70s lpj and they are doing an excellent job. No more surprises.
6373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sounds very nice.
This new Shure is very solid (important when you pack and unpack as much as we do). It has taken some real hits with no ill effects.  Has a good sound and good directionallity. Just enough off the side pickup.


9132	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!!
Signal routing is wildly flexible with the fantastic panel on the back. You can do whatever you want with these including play a small gig with one speaker alone. Just plug a mic, an instrument, and an iPod directly in.

1500	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good product at a good price. Have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker. Great to have when friends come over to jam.
297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was glad to have read other reviews that suggested we get this pedal right away for a kid who is used to having one on his piano. He uses it just fine. Really it would have been problematic not to have it!
6985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Amazingly durable pics with a great tone. Not too bright but not too bassy. They are easy to grip.
There are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason I gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price.
9980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So much better than a pillow or blanket. I use two.
It's simple, it's inexpensive and it works well.
7570	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Vandoren is the best reeds hands down. It is recommended by my son's band director as well.
9020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great solid picks. I use them with my Cleartone .013 - .070 strings. Nice and grippy, and purple makes them stand out.
7476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great sounding pickup in a Martin HD-28.  But I was too retarded to figure out that to install it in my guitar.  There is a black plastic spacer that needs to be removed from the endpin jack threads.  The spacer is there for using it without installing it permanently but the jack won't fit in the guitar endpin hole with the spacer in place.  So I contacted Fishman about this issue and they stuck with me through email until I figured it out.  I give strong appreciation for the good customer service.  But as for the pickup, this sounds fantastic.  Clear, bright, balanced.  Better than the passive PRO NEO version which I also tried before getting this.  Definitely worth the extra money.
5929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought It to storage my Epiphone Les Paul Standard, It fits perfect, the inside is soft, this case provides a great protection, It's a little heavy, but I think this is the best choice for a epi LP.
3660	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These strings are of very high quality and give my guitar a great sound.  I will definitely use these strings in the futre.
458	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice quality cable. Moldings around connectors are going to work out nicely. Not sure how long it will last with regular use. But I  will update this at that point. Packaging was of good quality as well. Price was right also


3292	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a Beta 58A, you'll be louder and clearer and then have this mic for 20 years. Ignore the stink against this namebrand powerhouse.
6484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this on a LTD Les Paul style guitar. Build quality is good for the money. The accessory pocket is big enough for my Vox amplug headphone amp with my Skull Candy over the ear headphones,tuner and pics. What more can i ask for. The padding is sufficient. Im happy with it.
What I was looking for was a "controlled" sound with good tuning range. I am VERY happy withy the outcome! Evans products have always provided me with the best options, sound and durability.

548	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just what i needed.
The cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable.
3144	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really nice guitar stand. Folds up nicely and seems very sturdy. I wanted a guitar stand that would hold my guitar securely while out playing and this has an automatic locking feature when you put your guitar in it.

I finally deciphered how to do this and to save (record) my "songs"--really just pre-set patterns with the tempo modified, and to name them so I can play any song I want by just selecting the song from my list. It may not be perfect, but it works for me and I'm not a technician, and don't really want a technician for live performances at small clubs and parties. I want a drummer and an unobtrusive bass player, and that is what I get with the Alesis SR 18. I can select the drum set I want and the type of bass, and can even transpose the key for the bass, but so far all I have done is select these as default settings so that all my songs use the same kit. It's fine for me and my limited use.
3133	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The nicest guitar stand I own, holds an LTD EC-401.  Seems a slight bit easier to knock over than one of my uglier stands, hence 4 stars.
- The cheap stuff  (around $110 bucks)
6186	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop Ultex picks are the only types of picks I use.  They have a hardness to them that others don't....yet are still flexible.  That hardness makes your pick attack better.  If you're familiar with the old type of plastic called Bakelite, you'll know what to expect.
8693	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Bought these for one of my students.  She loves them.
I am running a Realtek Integrated audio card on the latest win7 64 bit drivers.
3653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm ordering a second one--not as a replacement, but to put on one of my other guitars.
And the guitar strap is not coming off the guitar unless I want it to.
8269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very durable picks
---- Guide/Song book...$20

5464	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and as described.  A useful purchase.

3437	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As expected
5046	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great.  If you buy the PG-56 XLR, this mount comes with it, along with a nice XLR cable with molded ends.
4803	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works good
2310	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great experience. Fast shipping.
AKG did not change any parts that touch your ears and head, a very wise move.  Some parts are interchangeble, as they have the same stock number on AKG parts lists.  Unfortunately AKG has of late been hard to deal with, making part purchases difficult.
6807	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	EDIT:  3/14/2013
4550	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Have the strings on my steel guitar.  Good sound.  Seemed like the break-in period was a little long.  Easy to bend.
Not sure about these:

5744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	bought for my 6-string, as sometimes the "6 capo" doesn't quite "cover," you know what I mean? good sturdy capo, no complaints
4752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Forget all the volume drop comments.  There isn't any and it does not color your tone one bit.  I have tried a couple miniature novelty pedals. They were more like a boost volume and tone pedal with tremolo thrown in.  I wanted something to dress up slow ballads, and of course "Born On The Bayou".  This pedal goes from nice subtle background effect to deep depth if you want it.  And no variance in your guitar tone or volume when you click it on. I play a lot of acoustic solo and this really is a nice addition to change up my sound here and there and not over do it.
382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great Cable!
1843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cables. Definitely going to get more.
4545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good


This mic is more sensitive and the sound is crisper.  But not necessarily better.  They are both great mics.
Very, very pleased.
7453	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Adjusted Truss Rod w/ supplied tool. Changed strings. This is a solid acoustic Bass. Electonic pickup is really not very good. Played some Elec Acoustic basses at the music store and none were acoustically better than this with the new strings...at 3X's the price. I used the Light D'A and love the sound. If you want to run through amp it will work but the low end sucks. A $20.00 in hole pickup will do the trick.
7906	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Received a gift card and got this bag to transport and protect a guitar. It fits most solid-body electric guitars and provides adequate padding and protection. I have found that one has to spend about this much to get enough protection. You can pay $300 to get it in leather but not necessary for my purposes.

After three decades of weekend warrior playing (in progressive metal, Rush tributes, rock and even church bands), I can't recommend these sticks enough!
8800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great neutral heads.  They don't lean towards any particular sound or genre.  They simply have great feel and a wide tuning range.  They're good safe studio heads.  It's real easy to get good tone on tape with these. Especially with G1's at the bottom. They work really well together.
This Ultex seems very resistant to wear and has surprisingly little drag over the string.  I find the matte finish very easy to grip and hold.  It gives just enough to use for smooth strumming, while being rigid enough for individual notes.
4344	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	the thing is that they don't seem to stay! i mean, you can change the position of the pop filter by varying the shape of the metallic "arm", but it doesn't stay where you put it. and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality. but, i think if you're lucky if just might get the job done.
1832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	was as advertised.
5923	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it
3911	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works good for me. Wish it had a little more throw to it but works fine for my playing!
194	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pedal for the price.
1667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	TOP,,AMAZON SELLER,,10/10,,BIG,,THANKS,,()

8862	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	another item never received but i would not use anything over .88 mm anyway was mean for experimentation i have learned since this purchase.
Either way, they're all great mics, it just comes down to personal preference usually. But if you like brighter tone with more natural character, I'd go with the E835.
4483	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite strap locks! Worth every cent.
8225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been playing for 40 years.  These are the best, easiest to use capos out there. I've always been a "real men don't use capos" guy, but lets face it, you can't play "Here comes the Sun' the right way without one.
4486	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Put these on a 3/4 size guitar and they made a huge difference. Very good strings for very good price
2987	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Rackmount screws...what can I say? They work.
The Extra Light is easier on the fingers - but they sound thinner too.
1334	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
6876	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The title says it all.  I got it for $16 (free shipping with Amazon Prime), which is cheaper than my local music store.  I keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove.  With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used.  It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  And best of all... it works!
  Exterior Height: 8.86 "
5006	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
-Dunlop String conditioner - helps your strings last and helps condition the fretboard.
180	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	they are perfect!
I like them all and couldn't say that any one is better than the others.  The Kirk Hammett one has a notch cut out in the top to help with grip.  I'm unsure of how well it performs this function, but they can feel weird to a new user.
1800	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The microphones were shipped fast, and in a nice case with (3) clips for the low price
4033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Kyser Capo for my Ukulele,  It fits great, quick on and quick off,  So if you are looking for a capo for your Ukulele this is the one.
--(****_ Overall) Lee Oskar Major Diatonic: Excellent harmonica, extremely comfortable, great sound. Just as good as the Special 20. In fact, the two are so similar I struggle to find a meaningful difference. Ultimately I chose the Lee Oskar: It has a better reputation for durability and replaceable reedplates, so at this price range it is my preferred harmonica. One downside is the plastic case can break within a month from normal daily opening/closing.
6677	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very cool bag

3052	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Powers my casio just fine.  The picture is not what is looks like though.  Has a transformer box with a cord at each end.  Makes the wiring a little longer.
1750	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Actually I could say great -especially if you consider price.
2333	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love it

5225	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	cool and easy attachments. keeps those straps locked into place and pretty to boot. nice a sturdy stays where put
So unless you have  smaller wattage amp you should be fine.
6241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The polarity switching makes this the most versatile footswitch around. However, it would have been great if it could also function as a latching footswitch. Instead you have to purchase a FS-5L to do that. All of these FS footswitches interconnect, which is very cool. However, the cords cannot be bussed so you will have a separate cord for each switch. Also, the aluminum edges are sharp and will make quick work of your gig bag if you travel with it.  Additionally, the pedal surface itself is slippery and a relatively small area.  This makes it better as a on-off or tap tempo pedal than a sustain pedal.
615	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is Vary - Good!  I LOVE IT.
5915	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	No complaints, quality product
571	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent product. exactly as advertised and arrived very promptly
9633	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are by far some of the best picks I have used. They are very durable and pretty much indestructible. They are very comfortable and seem to work perfectly. I would personally recommend buying a 72 pack so you have plenty of picks to use!
604	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This did just what I needed. It is nothing special, it just works. This allows me to connect my mic with an XLR connection to either my camera or to a separate audio recorder. The connections seem substantial and the cable is strong but flexible. As with so many things in electronics, having a bunch of various connector combos becomes a requirement. Good quality, fair price.

1739	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	use it all the time a good buy good quality and shipped on time
4949	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great design, simple to use and install and it works, what more could you ask for. I cant say I have personally damaged an instrument due to a strap falling off. I have had straps slip but have been lucky enough to catch the instrument. I certainly doesn't help a performance though.


I'm very pleased with this purchase and expect it will keep my keyboard clean, dust-free, and unattractive to curious cats.
7297	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a physically heavy slide. If lap steel or dobro it's irrelevant. Upright it's a little heavy but that's what I like about it. Heavier than a metal slide. Sounds really cool.
9155	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love the color and the company. I didn't need a capo, but wanted to add this to my collection. Wish the Kyser logo was a bit more subtle but I love the fact they are Christian based. It has a strong "grip" compared to my other Kysers and I hope some regular use will break it in a little.
6128	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Sat 7/19/2014 8:52 am. The microcube already has plenty of good reviews, but I'd like to point out something that may not be so obvious (it wasn't to me); it makes a good preamp for an existing effects-challenged large amplifier. In my case this was a really old "Kent" with the electronics ripped-out sometime in the Carter administration/replaced 12" speakers + a 20-watt (so they say) "Lepai" stereo amp + the wondrous microcube, with the Lepai plugged into the cube's "record out/phones" jack (through a hacked-up cable) -- when something's plugged in there, the microcube's speaker is silent. The result gives me my ridiculous Kent miraculously resurrected with all the microcube effects/amp sims! The microcube's portable-enough so you could actually use something like that to play somewhere, if you had some beloved old wreck you wanted to upgrade with reverb etc....
2707	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	legendary performance indeed! works perfectly, extremely easy to set up, very good sound, good price, that's 'bout all you need to know!

2. The String: As I mentioned above, it is a cheap string that needs a lot of adjusting until it settles. Even if you buy a  good quality strings, I am sure that it will also need a few adjustment in the beginning. It comes with 2 extra set in case you accidentally snap the one that is already installed. The problem is that the extra set does not have a label so you have to eyeball it.  From some research I found online they said that the Thinnest string will be the A string. The second thinnest is the E string, The thickest is the C string and the second thickest is the G string. The extra string package says "Gangia Brand" on it so I assumed that that is the brand of the string.
9695	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star! Beautiful, quick, and my god do they sound/look good. 5 Star!
3294	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What can you say, a classic. Rejects feedback better than the original non-beta version
7807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The capo is a bit tight, but I was able to bend it back a little and it's perfect! I'm very satisfied with the quality!

6835	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Finally affordable bass strings! They sound great on my Zon's. 8 gigs still sound great (I do wipe them down every time I put the basses down - makes any string last longer)
They are very comfortable. The cushions are nice and soft, and fit over my ears completely. The auto-adjusting headband feels great. They don't fit quite as snug as I'd like, but they are secure on my head.
I will buy it again!
5244	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you don't use these cables, then you should.  I had a guitar that I was ready to take the jack out and replace it, plugged this cable into it, and no problem at all.  Best cable I have ever used.
1171	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product love it 
7378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I expected from Martin.  These strings are wonderful.  I love the way they sound and look.  I installed them on my 30 year-old Applause AA12 full-body acoustic.  I won't be buying anything else for this guitar.  The seller had the order to me very quickly and the product was exactly as described.
1668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality product works great
9811	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hey they are picks how can you screw that up. These are the ones I prefer and when I can get a big enough order together I always add a few bags good price.
5109	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have all Mogami cables and used the Red Nuetrik Silent Plug jack for my guitars. I seen this on sale at an incredible price. So I thought I would give it a shot. The one I received differs from the one they show in ad. I have the 15 foot version and it holds its own with Mogami in a live setting. When I recorded with it, that's when you hear the difference. Not to say it's a bad cable, I'm falling in love with it. But when you're recording, you can see why Mogami is the industry standard. It did a great job recording but not nearly as good as Mogami. When people tell you cheap cables work just as well as the higher end ones, IE; Mogami, Monster, Klotz, George L to name a few, they do not know their cables. That or they are just playing from home or jamming with a small band in the garage. Making an investment in a good cable pays off. With the lifetime warranty, the sound, durability and the quality, you will be paying less and sounding much better in the end. One and you're done. It goes bad, all you do it take it to a local authorized dealer and they will hand you a brand new one.
8913	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks! Indestructible!
810	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 of these cables in my studio. I have had them out on the road when we play out and they have yet to fail. I am very pleased with the quality. Can't beat the price.
I'm using these for some production in my home studio.
1825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well.  Note that the one I received didn't match the picture.  It is the same length and color, but the connector is slightly different which was disappointing because I bought it to match all my current ones, but now I still have an odd one out.  Since this will effect 2% of people I didn't take off for it since cable still works well.  Just know that it doesn't look like the one in the picture.
86	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I will keep it simple folks! I bought them, I tried them, I love 'em! Very versatile so far! I'm no sound expert, but I know what I like! And these Sony's are great! I also plan to try the Beyerdynamics 770Ts with 250 ohms and compare sound quality and comfort! Shipping was fast and my phones were in mint condition upon arrival! Thanks again Amazon!
4440	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	OK but I like my other brand more
969	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice cable, good value for the money

2623	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had an alesis 3630 compressor/limiter for a few years, and I'll probably buy another. I've used it mostly to limit input to digital recording, and it works, runs, doesn't do weird stuff, and sounds good. I left it out of service for at least a few years and then turned it on within the last month, and it seems to work as well as ever. Maybe my standard for audio equipment is a little low, but for $100, it looks pretty good.
2754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This cable is holding up great at practice. We usually practice once a week and I have had this cable for about 4 months now and I haven't had a problem yet. I actually spilled some water on it and on the connections, dried it out and it worked fine. It is a clear signal and the connectors are great quality. I recommend. Cheers.
but for splitting, have no fear. your signal integrity will be fine and your devices will be safe.
728	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I know there is a lot of fluff and stuff when it comes to 'which' cable goes into the 3.5mm stereo jack on your camcorder or DSLR.  Well - this is the one.

3552	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product at Great Price Love the add on option from Amazon as I do not have a music store locally. I will use the option as I can.
The arched arm with the weird-looking loopy looking thingy and the other straight arm help you to firmly grab on to them without slipping so you can easily and quickly remove or reposition the Kyser Capo.
6869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	One of the best things I did for my acoustic guitar tone was finding the right pick.
Since the guitar is all you get, you'll probably want to buy a few extra things.  Here are some to consider as part of your start-up cost.
4742	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	To me, strap locks are a necessity if you are a gigging musician. Never have to worry about your strap slipping off a peg in the middle of a song! Easy to install and work great! All instruments I play live get these before they hit the stage
4427	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Happy with product
The amp simulations the Micro Cube provides are, well let's just say they're vaguely reminiscent of the amps they are trying to emulate.  The sounds still differ from one another enough to be useful, though, and this little box can pump out some serious (digital) distortion.  It's also fairly loud.  Like the Pignose and other small amps, you can also mic this amp and get some really suprising results.  Using the headphone jack as a line out will obviously yield pretty much the same result you're hearing through the speaker, as the sound is entirely digital.
3875	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several different electric guitars (Strat, ES-335, and a Jackson PS-4) and I have these strings to be a great fit for all of them. They are durable and the sound stays consistently good for a long time.
284	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I ordered the Yamaha FC-5 as new but got what looked to be a returned item that someone didn't want or need. However, the item looks as new and works as new so I'll not return for a "new" one. If you need a sustain pedal for most any keyboard that accepts them this is a nice product at a reasonable cost.

As I started working with other vocalists who brought their own mics to shows, I noticed that none of them really used the beta 58.  Most of them preferred either the EV ND767a, the Sennheiser e935a or the Sure Beta 87a.  The differences between these mics and the "house 58's" was astonishing... even 58's in very good condition (never been dropped or abused) did not sound as clear as the EV/SENN's.
4400	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These Dunlop Straplocks work great, especially if you lube the spring button and such. I would give it 5 stars if the guitar strap-ends ended up closer to the guitar body when using these straplocks. There is a 1/2" gap between strap-ends and body, which seems less trustworthy...but, you can also use any regular guitar strap that doesnt have straplock parts on it...hence "Dual-Design". That is pretty cool...
4418	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Working very well so far. No issues at all.
Cons:
3602	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good
6811	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these picks
Only works if you also have the 25 ft stereo headphone cable too !
1961	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Forget about cheap digital pressure scales that are probably not so accurate.  Use physics.  A balance beam scale is extraordinarily accurate.

452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are not the greatest but they're cheap and they get to you fast when you need them. I've only had one fail and I've bought many of them to use in our broadcast studio.
8830	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great for fast paced rhythms.
4062	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used Vic Firth 5A sticks when I was starting out on my Yamaha electronic drum kit (thought I'd mention they aren't standard kit in case that makes a difference to some out there) and was very struck by how different these 5B sticks feel in the hand. Nice heft. I will say they cause a little more fatigue if you use a wrist- and finger-based strike, which might mean I've been holding my sticks wrong! As is probably clear by now, I'm a true "forever amateur" at drumming. I do it to improve my rhythmic skills on the keyboard, which after all is classed as a percussion instrument in the orchestra pit. But for sure you should have a pair of these 5B sticks in your repertoire. Very nicely made.
6071	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've played bass and guitar for over 30 years now. I've owned some excellent instruments along the way. Recently, for the first time, I decided I wanted to get something along the lines of the short-scale Gibson basses used by '60s British musicians such as Jack Bruce of Cream and Glenn Cornick of Jethro Tull. Real vintage '60s Gibsons are rather thin on the ground and quite expensive when still in good working condition, so a modern reissue was clearly the way to go. A bit of research suggested that the best candidate would be the Epiphone Elite EB-3 produced in the early 2000s, but those are no longer being made and I wasn't able to find one.
2060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This product is absolutely essential for the person who maintains electrical, electronic, audio, musical instruments. A typical use would be to clean volume and tone controls in amplifiers or audio equipment. Many years ago, when TV sets had rotary tuning controls, "tuner cleaner" spray was used to maintain. That product was marginal in long-term effectiveness and left undesirable residues. DeoxIT is a decendant of "tuner cleaner" with state-of-the art ability to clean and maintain equipment. Thanks to your EPA, it has become extremely expensive.
They have a great feel, are easy to hold on to, have no slippage.
7126	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	NICE MACHINE
4174	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect

I'm also including a video review posted with my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kodak-Zi6-HD-Pocket-Video-Camera/dp/B001BO7R00/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kodak Zi6 HD Pocket Video Camera</a>, sorry for some of the background ambience (noise), the mic is pretty good on that as well.

3721	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good pedal, nice sound!
The unit is made in the USA and the metal case is super strong.  Quality is built into this pedal.
1457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly!

7386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The greatest harmonica mic of all time. The perfect 'harp' sound I've been waiting for. Be advised that it's a bit on the heavy side and that the cable is NOT detachable. Sounds amazing and HIGHLY recommended.
7418	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I like these strings for their warmth and clarity, with a hint of chimy-ness. however, they don't last very long, which means I am not likely to use them very much.
6622	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Lightweight but functions well.
545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	4 stars

192	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	;_;

This is the one to get.
1467	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	yes , does what intended for.
240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
7339	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First, let me start by saying this pedal has been part of my setup for nearly 7 years now and still looks/sounds as great as the day it came out of the box.
5359	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	First and foremost, this is a high quality instrument cable, well built, with good sound (as near as I can tell), and it carries a lifetime guarantee.  You aren't sacrificing any quality or durability (remember the guarantee) to get the switch.  The switch itself functions perfectly.  There is only a switch on the instrument end of the cable (of course).  It sticks out further when in the off position, so you can tell by feel if it's on or off.  My experience so far is that it is completely noiseless to turn it on and off.
It is very comfortable to hold in hand.
4030	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good
Happy playing y'all!
5676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm the bassist/recording guy/cigarette tech in the band, and my vocalist loves this filter. He's no screamo kid, we do indie rock, but his delivery is usually pretty heavy. This really prevents pops, making our demos sound much more legit. I'm in high school, and my recording rig is a cheap radio shack mic going through an Alesis Io2 to my Mac Pro, usually running Garageband or Ableton. There's a learning curve with this microphone, though. The weight of the filter can make it move around, the trick is to balance it by rotating the shaft of the mic stand. Once you get that down its a great recording tool. This is my first filter, but I don't see why I should ever need something more expensive. Also, the clamp is built solid.
2. Taking the cable off the capo can be tricky. As soon as you unhook the elastic the metal rings on the elastic can scrape your guitar neck. Now I've scratched my tailor when I first tried to escape on it and I've also decided to order another one for my Martin backpacker. You wonder why there's two ways it can scratch your guitar because I scratch to separate guitars.
5981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Just what I needed
3737	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you want the Hendrix or Slash sound, this is it.
If you are looking for a great amp to practice with that won't break the bank, this is it.

DOC RUSS


9435	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're Dunlops... Buy in bulk cause you'll lose 90% of em in a week.

1495	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great for sending control voltage signals from my Elektron Analog Four to my Eurorack synthesizer.
2233	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	thank you
114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is just as advertised -- a solidly built student instrument.  After struggling with inexpensive dime-store varieties, it's a pleasure to work with.  I prefer wooden models but this is a good way to get started and I'll make use of it from time to time.
1978	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I tried this mic and it was terrible. The volume was very low, when you try to increase the volume you get a lot of white noise. Save your money, don't buy this product. I wish i could give it half of a star.
7575	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like these rods. It would fall between brushes and sticks. Somewhere right in the middle. You can play low volume with these sticks and you can speed it up a little. Good buy! Enjoy!
4627	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. Been using them for years, on all of my guitars.
Price is very reasonable.
No problems with dents or actually mounting the equipment, though--this is rock-solid overall.
3484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've ordered these in 3, 3.5 and 3.5+ (that one was purchased by mistake).  So far I've had many good reeds from this batch.  Wish Rue Lepic's came in a 3.25 but a little touchup with the Ridenour Reed Emergency Room Kit fixes them!  For me better than Rico Reserve or Royals or V-12's.
445	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Mega Cheap imported cables from China. The connectors are flimsy nickle finish - will oxidize in time.

2026	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As advertised. If you don't know what this already is, I can't help you.

8059	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Does what it is supposed to do.
3318	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this to record at home and to sing live, and it delivers a better sound than the original 58. A must for all singers out there
4131	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Got 2 of these puppies, work well, double panty hoes covered, blocks all the P and B waves. Love it

The "Bad"
94	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this microphone to use with our canon video camera. We have used it to record several music recitals and band concerts and have been pleased with the audio quality.
243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yamaha quality!!!!
The handles feel strong - there's the standard carrying handle along with a single back strap which comes in handy for the longer hauls.

763	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the cables you need to connect the XLR outputs to powered monitors. Perfect length.
167	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	was a package deal with Piano and stand, thanks again, daughter loves it
5170	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed these right away when I got a new Fender Jazz Bass, and had no difficulty simply removing the original strap hooks and replacing them with these.  The screws went in easily, with no need to re-drill or anything, although I think they tapped in further than the original holes were.  They feel tight and secure.  The hardest part was getting the top buttons locked onto my strap, which has some padding.  Took some finesse to get the locking ring to snap in just right, but once I did they were perfect and I'm now confident that the strap is not coming off unless I want it to.  Rock solid--a classic product.
5403	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sound is clean, but a little tinny.
8335	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These have been my go-to picks for at least the last 12 years. I much prefer them over the John Petrucci model because of the tip geometry works better for my picking style. These have a slightly finer point and steeper angle the the Petrucci picks, though I do prefer the size of the Petrucci's more.
6060	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There are better capos out there for holding tone and key but this is the best one if you want a capo for quick change.
Hint: Be sure to shop around! Vendors offer these chimes here on Amazon at a variety of price points, including shipping.
8577	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love my picks, .46mm perfect feel
9537	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Yep!
723	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It gets audio from my outboard microphones into my Sonoma GuitarJack 2. I got the 1' version. Quality sounds good from a first impression. As long as it holds up, I'm satisfied with the purchase.

Speaking of which, you'd have to be a total BASS-HEAD to say that these babies don't put out enough bass...I find them to have MORE than adequate bass, and it's nice tight accurate bass not the sloppy boomy kind that teenagers are generally used to and have blaring out of their cheesy car subwoofers.
2367	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just got this, have used it for recording and rehearsal, it works well so far and I will revise the review if that somehow changes in the next few years.  Right now, though, I'd say great product.
5653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what the other people are talking about with the scuff marks, mine came clean and looks like it has never been used before. It's a little bit of a tight fit for the Epiphone Les Paul Studio, but it works and has a nice, soft, gray interior. I loved how big the pocket was on the inside, it has plenty of room to fit whatever you'll need. The lock is a little funky though, but after a bit of fiddling I got it to work. The lock only comes with one key, so don't lose it!
3880	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good pedal with no trouble (fingers crossed).  I love the heavy construction, too.
8872	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	They're very thin nylon picks. They're good for practicing the hand motions of strumming; they put up very little resistance, so they train you to keep your hand stable. I still sometimes play with them since they give a really nice bright tone, but I usually want something thicker in order to be able to flatpick melody lines in between strums. I also sometimes use them when practicing flatpicking, since flatpicking with a really thin pick reveals things about your body mechanics that you don't notice with a thicker pick.
5605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is not the "best" capo I have in terms of quality, but I have one of these in every guitar case.  A lot of capos use this same design, but the Kyser seems to last a lang time, with no change in tension,  Now that I think of it, I don;t even know where that expensive G7th capo is.
1098	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, as expected... no complaints... does what i need it to do... Ditto looper to Amp...
4605	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect
7344	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Not my usual reed but am going to try the vandorn 2 and 1/2 to see how they do for me.
6140	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Capos are so useful and I'm glad that I bought this one. It serves as a useful tool when playing guitar for groups. This price was great as well because stores often charge so much more.
4954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The push in release design is superior to the schaller if you ask me. It's easier to release and you can do it a bit easier with one hand than the schaller.
1061	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	just what i needed
2492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The bomb.  I use it for my sax.  I like it better than using an SM-58.  SM-58 for vocals is great but if you are looking for any instrument, I highly suggest the SM-57.
6698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are ridiculously strong. They work great!
3738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had a Morley Wah before, and I've had a wah on a couple of Digitech multi-effects pedals. They didn't have the same sound and range as the Cry Baby. They felt like they were missing something. This is the original, and it sounds like a wah you'd hear in recordings. I'm very happy with it.

9495	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am self taught and play acoustic mostly, but I've been wanting a good electric guitar for quite a while and couldn't quite justify spending a lot of money. I am also a fan of Epiphone, so when I saw the LP 100 at the 249 price range I decided I had to have it.
1888	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really just some inexpensive and yet durable cables to link your stompboxes together. As of yet, i haven't had one go all crackly, which, considering they get frequent use, is pretty good. Often, cheap cords die within a year or so. Every electric guitarist keeps a stock of these things, and this one in particular is cheap and accessible. I probably have around twelve of them.
6424	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with a JB!!!!
81	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product. It is easy and fun to play. I am a musician, so was able to tune it without difficulty, but it was completely out of tun when it arrived, which would be a problem for a some. This is, by the way, our second harp--I bought one about 10 years ago. Since my young daughter likes it, I bought a second one so we can play together.

Screw right in - perfect fit and work as advertised.
2572	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	worth every penny, will last a lifetime,while keeping your amp safe. skb is the best I have found.  their stuff is great, thanks amazon

4619	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The ernie ball 2047 is a great string set. If you like bending notes the 10 e string is more than malleable to your every move. These strings are the brightest silk and steel I've found yet and give a really nice sound. The 50 e string on the bass end  is a bit noisy when you slide your finger down it, but its accoustic music, its supposed to have unique sounds. These last a fair amount of time and don't completely lose their tone if you play the dickens out of them and wait a bit to change them.

4. I don't know why people think this "isn't sturdy"...I mean you're not going to the local rink and playing hockey with the darn thing. The build quality is quite excellent considering that it's 2 fragile screens attached to plastic and metal.
8889	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The mic stand pick holder is a great way to keep picks available while playing.  I switch between playing guitar and bass so I often change the gauge of the pick I am using.  This pick holder is a great way to have the picks available if you change picks often. The holder snaps firmly to the arm of the mic stand and does not slide around the arm. It holds the picks firmly, there is no chance they will fall out of the holder.

I like the solid shell and plush interior. Real piece of mind locking her up in this for driving to the space, flying anywhere, or temp storage when I am at work or whatever.

8699	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works Good!
8203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful strap. Great size too - I'm 5'9"
6283	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Very nice except the printing was smudged in the very front of the strap. Cleaned it up ourselves.
5203	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
These are considered the studio standard in circumaural open back headphones for good reason. The sound reproduction is excellent, with clear bass and midrange and a very balanced profile through the entire frequency spectrum. It makes me angry at how much I've spent on speakers and studio monitors, these do a better job at a fraction of the price.
The "Bad"
3081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	this mic is so perfect theres no words to describe!! its super universal!! used it to record a snare!! used it for live vocals!! Live wise its perfect because the frequency range that it picks up is great for getting the vocals above the music without feedback!!!
9943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good product
- These picks are just slightly transparent. Light passes through, and if your finger is pressed against the back, you can tell what it is, but it isn't as transparent as glass. More like a roughed up beer bottle.
4073	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I just received the Kyser capo a few minutes ago, and I immediately attached it to my baritone uke.
1209	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I had to buy a cable from guitar center since this one didn't get here the same time as the guitar.  The other cable from guitar center was the cheapest 5ft and was 10$  after 2 weeks it started making noise and sound bad.  Ones I plugged the Hosa (which is 10 ft and for less money) I was dumbfounded how beautiful it sounded and it's so quiet when you mute the guitar!  Very nice cable I'm so surprised that it costs this much.  I'm getting more if it so I don't run out
One of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the White House. A pair of SM57's is always seen on various White House podiums for press conferences and there is even a VIP bundled kit&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Shure-SM57-VIP-Dual-Microphone-Kit/dp/B000CZ0R3S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Shure SM57 VIP Dual Microphone Kit</a>&nbsp;you can buy for this exact type of use.
1378	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.

9443	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm amazed how they can build this kind of quality at this price. Very good luthiers in Indonesia. I've owned Gibson LPs thru the years and this is just as good (as far as sound,feel,and looks go). Beautiful blended finish (smooth fade to dark), and good wood. Maybe some of the electronics (pots,switches,jacks)are not as heavy duty as Gibson LPs but they are still very good and sturdy. Smooth turning knobs, and the switches are NOT scratchy. I had to tighten the nut on the cable jack...no biggie. Was surprised...Great setup out of the box.  I did put some pencil graphite on the nut to stop it from binding when tuning. It holds the tuning fairly well once you do it correctly. (Tune/stretch/tune/stretch until stable.) It has that chunky fat Paul sound and can sustain forever with the correct amp gain. Much mellower warm sound compared to my bright twangy tele. It can get nice thick heavy tones with right amp. And lots of tonal variety. Neck and 'feel' is great after playing a little while. (Of course any new guitar/neck takes time to break in and grow on you). I love the weight...can play for hours with no stiff back and shoulder. It is lighter than Gibson LP but don't let that fool you. Still has plenty sustain and tone. The bolt on neck doesn't bother me...still plenty smooth crunchy tones.  I play Fenders with bolt on necks..never been an issue with them. I play mostly classic, southern, and blues rock, with experimental synth stuff thrown in.
3841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
1020	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	like it so far
9544	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My drumhead of choice! Nothing beats the hydraulic heads for studio and live playing. Been playing them for years!
I do not give it five stars because there are better wah pedalss than this, but if you can only afford one, or this is your first wah, you may want to start here.
6738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect and makes setup a snap!  Includes sleaves for multiple sized poles.  Definately a secure fit for your gear
8676	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	yes
6188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Capo holds the strings down in place and does not have to be readjusted.  This is the 4th Kyser I have bought for our many guitars and will keep buying this brand!
4985	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This filter arrived very quickly! I use it with a Scarlett mic and it does exactly what a pop filter should. Good purchase.
1821	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worth the $$$. Helps keep the signal chain tidy.

6838	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice pedal
5638	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect capo for anyone's guitar. these capo last and do securely hold string tight for kay change

8551	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	great feel... the plastic on metal string noise is just a bit too noticeable.
8055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Still the best harmonica for BLUES under $70.
1991	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	BLA BLA BLA  All talk.  there is absolutely no bass. 50 years playing out and always working, I don't think this certain mic is worth anything. I'll give it extremely clear,, but that's all.  No bottom end no matter what you do to eq it. Even the Shure 58 is better, but no prize either. If you want a mic for a speaking application, then this is the mic for you, otherwise,  bla bla bla... All hipe!!!
303	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Built like a tank and does all it's suppose to do. Heavy construction which means it will last for years. I love my Yamaha products because there built with quality.
When properly tuned, these heads have great attack, a focused tone, and nice sustain.  I use them on all of my toms, which are 8, 10, 12, 14, and 16 inches respectively and I don't need any tape, rings, gels, or any other dampening devices.  These heads are perfect as long as you take the time to tune them to a pitch that properly matches the drum they're on and make sure that both heads on the drum match in pitch.
3239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Ultimate stand is the best.  I've used many stands and Ultimate stands are the preferred to use always.
  I use this now in a 00 sized solid Spruce/Rosewood guitar, and have had it in a Martin HD-28, Martin and Fender 12 strings, and a couple other solid wood acoustics. I couldn't imagine playing an acoustic gig without this pickup. It is an essential tool for me.
9239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I have 3-4 of them now. One for each guitar. I have tried several brands over the years. I love the G7th but it was heavy and hard to use while gigging. Might try there new model 2. But these Kyser's a great.
Ive added a photo, the top is legit.
9489	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Red, .50mm.......need I say much more?
7280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use with my Dave Guardala mouthpiece as suggested by other pros.
7823	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great transaction. Item as described
3943	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great on my baritone ukulele
1954	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This is the only mic that is practical for use with my (apparently discontinued) Panasonic stereo cassette recorder (the onboard mic is monaural).  Ignore the cord and simply attach the mic directly to the machine for a package that is scarcely any larger, heavier or less convenient than the original machine.  Surprisingly, Panasonic offers no mic for the recorder, even though it's seen at least two editions.  With the cassette machine I notice no improvement in sound quality with the higher-priced, stick-shaped Sony stereo mic.
I can also say that a friend's house with Magnepan speakers off a vintage Carver amp and a Technics turntable with a very similar model cartridge gave depth and spatialization out of this world for this price point on Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here.

You really need good eyes when attaching and screwing the nuts on to the screws. Always work over a bench or table when connecting cause these nuts and washers are small. I dropped when on my tile floor and took me a minute with a flashlight to find it. After attaching I used my protractor for Technics for proper alignment. After that set the tracking for 3 grams and smooth sailing.

It came to me in Florida in 3 days.  I am always amazed at the speed of delivery on some items ordered through Amazon.  The case was well packed.  Not a scratch on it.
796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love this cord very durable and great connections
9630	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have problem drums as they are the old Ludwig vista lite shells and getting a mellow sound from them is troublesome. The Evans heads have calmed down some of the can like sounds with some more baffling added . On my smaller melodic one head drums the Evans heads make the sounds I want

As someone who knows guitar cases I'd say this is a nice one and fits well and snugly, guitar in question is an Epiphone LP Standard PlusTop Pro.
3828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good product/fast ship
376	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	does the job
8212	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks !
9309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The only strings that I will put on my ESP EC1000.  They sound great and have excellent sustain.
3021	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1N4US2VE52BHQ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1eHH4FlvDS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NQ9IHrEWS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;A test of the Stedman PS101 using a lighter and my lungs. The PS101 works better than you'd imagine a pop filter could!

8089	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Dunlop picks are almost unbreakable.
Over the decades, I've repaired, adjusted and modified hundreds of student guitars and taught hundreds more how to do their own guitar work. That is one advantage electric guitars like these have over other instruments. You would not want a kid to mess around with a grand piano or a fine violin or classical guitar.
5484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	With item I have mix feelings.  Although it's doing its job, I'm not quite sure about the difference and the sounds it should improve.  Although I have to say that the sound is very clear and the quality is very good.  Maybe that's what it should be. The product is very good, it came with a nice packaging, no flaws.

1097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These were cheap and I needed some cables for my FX loop. These did the trick, and they are also good for general use. My only gripe with them is that the ends of the cable can get loose, almost as if the ends were being unscrewed. Minor complaint and it doesn't really change the sound, but it got annoying over time.
2016	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just get it for crying out loud. You know you want it. It works great in the 10 foot range, it can get static every once and a while but its worth the low price for sure. Get it.
5621	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a Strong Reliable capo, holds up to many years of abuse. I recommend to any guitar player!
476	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great experience!
2428	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I made the mistake of thinking I could save forty bucks and get by with the Shure PG-58.  I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P.A.). Whatever the reason, the PG-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the Roland Cube / Peavey amps I try to employ it with (I use a 1/4" adapter with the XLR connector that comes with the mic).  When I borrow a Shure SM-58 mic from someone, the difference is instant and dramatic--it's a far more efficient (i.e. louder) mic, producing a full, clear sound, and without additional pre-amplification, demonstrating why it's the most popular microphone in the world.  For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch.  It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members.  And even if you're an instrumentalist, it may be wiser to select the SM-58 over the SM-57.  The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. Above all, the SM-58 has proven itself to be the Sherman tank of microphones, simply unparalleled for ruggedness and durability.

9397	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Several months later and I'm still stunned at the quality of this guitar for the price. Don't hesitate. HIGHLY recommend.
3083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my loud big voice vocals. I play bass so I have to eat the mic when singing so that I know I am right on. This mic only picks up my voice. I did a substitute test with sm 58's. plug and unplug style and this mic is three times louder, deeper and more articulate than the 57...I won't use anything else...I know it would be great for recording gtr.s drums, etc...35 years of playing experience and have used them all in the studio. A good mic for a "poor man"....
Delivery was quick.
503	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The quality of Hosa cables is really great for me, I'm a fan because they seem to be well made, sturdy, functional, and I trust they will last for a good while.
Great customer service and fair price!
I bought this cable because I purchased cables by the same manufacturer in the past.
9451	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	simple and does the trick peels off well but might leave slight residue but does not have a problem if u have to do it  a couple times if u screw up placement...
3599	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I got this guitar at Guitar Center, i was scared to get this guitar from amazon because of a review saying it looked like a toy, so i wanted to see it in person, i saw it, i tested it out at guitar center and it was amazing, its better than my other les paul special ii, this guitar plays great, its set up very nicely, the pickups are very nice, the electronics work perfectly, i have no problems with it, but the guitar is very beautiful, i would highly recommend getting it, i just don't know if anyone elses will be the same, not all guitars are made the same right?
5419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The sits are very nice not too heavy r lite but just rite
9772	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fairly standard Capo. No frills or anything exciting but it gets the job done.
8822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite capos. Easy to use and very durable.
7659	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  Just what I needed and at a lower cost than the music shop.
9864	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I agree with all of the reviews, but have found another area to use fast fret on: THE NUT. When tuning, the strings (especially the lower wound strings) hang up on the nut which causes the string to pop instead of slide as it would on a roller nut. Dab Fast Fret onto the nut before tuning, and this problem is greatly reduced.
9593	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it is to do for a double pedal.  Saving the other for when or if I ever change the bass head
These are not my 'go to' sticks: I mainly play with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pro-Mark-TXJZN-American-Hickory-Jazz-Nylon-Tip/dp/B000XZWYCO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pro-Mark TXJZN American Hickory Jazz Nylon Tip</a>&nbsp;model which is 5/8ths of an inch longer with the sake diameter, but with a nylon tip. I prefer that one because the length to diameter ratio makes it lightning fast and the nylon draws out the brighter sound I like on my cymbals. This stick, though, is the same .512" diameter and 15 3/8" long. It's great for switching to a darker cymbal pattern that the wood tips allow, and the shorter length is excellent for moderate tempo playing.
What I was looking for was a "controlled" sound with good tuning range. I am VERY happy withy the outcome! Evans products have always provided me with the best options, sound and durability.
2106	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	We love these little Zenergy chimes! The sound is pure and loud, and the presentation  with the wooden base, aluminum rods and little mallot  is quite beautiful. Buy one, you won't regret it at all.



  D.  The wah/effect pedal is easily switched on and off...and has it's own effects attached to it.  It can serve as a wah, a sound hold, a
9150	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	When I first got them, I thought that they were going to be cheap, as they felt extremely light and came in the cheap packaging, but it was ok, I wasn't expecting much from them. The picks were actually made from extremely sturdy material. They did not bend at all when I tried to (and believe, me I tried). Pick wearing is virtually non-existent, and I utilize Alt-Picking a lot in my practices. I actually learned my first sweep shred (D major) with these picks within a day of getting them.
353	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, no complaints
1812	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cable, I used it just for a few days, my house was stolen and they took everything. But it is a very good cable.
6178	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice price and fast delivery
4157	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	ok good
1063	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
Life is good!
3756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Not too much to say, it's made out of foam, made to slip between the strings, made to hold two picks.  I have several of these, for acoustics and for electrics.  My son lost one before during a performance on stage so it is not that secure that it won't be dislodged, still, it does stay on majority of the time.  I do recommend this.  My son's guitar teacher calls this a "fancy little pick holder" and I've had people ask where to buy one when they see it for the first time.  One must also be careful, my son lost one of these so I know it is a possibility of it falling off.  He lost it after performing in a play on stage.
4409	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the action, tone and sustain of this little beauty. I play it all the time as my new favorite amonst my four other guitars.
4980	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are good, aestethically might not be the best for everyone, since there after installation, there remains a significative gap between the button and the mechanism on the strap. Two elements before installation:
9902	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been wanting to buy a much more expensive leather strap in the $100 range to go with my LP, but can't find what I'm looking for, so I bought one of these based on reviews and price figuring I can't go too far wrong.  The strap is very well made and it adjusts easily.  The problems with it have nothing to do with the strap, per se, but I'm using it with a Les Paul, which is a heavy guitar and I can tell the thin leather ends are pretty much at their design tolerance for weight bearing and I suspect will stretch out the holes before too long, but that's only speculation.  I can also tell that I would be better off with a padded strap.  Again,  I would not say these are the fault of the strap - it works perfectly on my acoustic and I suspect it would on lighter electrics such as Fender-styles or some hollow bodies.  However, if you have a heave electric (the "Les Paul" style) or a bass, you might want to consider a beefier and padded strap.  I do readily recommend this strap as a budget strap for anyone and generally as a strap for lighter guitars.  I'm 6'2" and I can adjust this so my guitar is just about out of reach, so I don't think even rock-god wanna be's should have a problem getting this adjusted for their preference.
9386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I get a better price here on Amazon than most music stores and internet music sales. If you add in the price of strings then add shipping if you are a Prime Member you get the string for a fair price and get in two days. I use 9's on my Gibson Firebird, 10's on Les Paul's. I only use Gibson Vintage Re-Issue Brand Strings on my Gibson's. They Sound and hold up during Heavy Use.
I also got:
7957	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They work!
The only reason I'm not giving these 5 stars is because some of them weren't packed carefully and thus some of the pieces were bent/flattened. This is purely cosmetic, but cosmetics are important when these are hanging on the walls in your studio!

7945	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Reasonable price
These are also higher tension strings which will similarly increase the pressure onto the under saddle piezo pickup.
2007	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this actually to use with my cello in a live setting. I needed something that would capture the body sound of the instrument, rather than a transducer pickup. It sounds amazing.
5869	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm not much for brand names on my guitar cases. I figure it tells would-be thieves what they're getting!  I sprayed a little matte-black paint over the Epiphone logo. The case itself is quite sturdy and the inside is very plush. It fits my Line 6 JTV Variax in a very cozy way. Great case for small cash!
4258	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This bass is awesome. It has passive pick ups which i love... And its sounds incredible for the price! this was surely a steal. Favorite bass to date.
6995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect strings , great sound, tone and melody
4347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.
Note:  You want the "low impedance" version for keyboards - FV-50L.  The FV-50H (high impedance) is for use with guitars.  (There's also a more expensive version with a metal case - FV-500L.)

6843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	delivered as promised, wheels are great!
I'm giving this product one star based on a hair-brained decision to un-pair and repackage the sticks somewhere along Amazon's distribution line.


1732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It Works
There is no latency - would have to be waaayy longer for that.
3389	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Mine came with this set:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nady-DMK-5-Drum-Mic-Package/dp/B0002GXUMW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nady DMK-5 Drum Mic Package</a>. I had lower expectations based on the price, but cannot fault this mic because it accurately captures signals.
8565	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great pickholder at a good price.  If you want a smaller one, just cut this one down to size.
- Has good wheels.  I've taken this case over smooth and rough terrain and I have no worries about damaging them or the keyboard inside.

3855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GHS Boomers were the first set of strings I bought when I started playing almost 20 years ago and they sound just as good now as they did back then.  It is no wonder why so many world class musicians have used Boomers over the years.  Great tone for the price and, like so many other reviewers commented on, the durability of these is great.  I rarely ever break a Boomer and I tend to leave them on my guitar way too long but they still don't break.  I will occasionally try other stings and find some that I like and a lot that I don't but I always know that I can count on GHS Boomer to deliver so that has sort of become my baseline string over the years and the one I measure the others against if that makes sense.  Definitely worth spending a few bucks and trying if you have never played them before....if you have played them before you probably aren't reading this review and instead are most likely just hitting 1-click checkout.
928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Exactly what I needed to use unbalanced sources with my Apogee Duet 2. High-quality cable and connectors. I own several Hosa cables, and they seem to be very good value.
9979	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great
7796	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great..
I chose the MT-2 because I know Boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using.  It gives a variety of sounds.  It can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones.  The controls make it very tweakable and I have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it.  Read the included book, look up some MP3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings.  It will help you tame this pedal into what you want.  Perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot.  There are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.
5241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Really like these capos. My second one. They work well. This design is fine as well
9033	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite picks. I've been using them for over 20 years. Everyone has their own preference. I've tried a few different types/brands, but I like these best. They don't wear down too quick, aren't brittle, and won't tear.
7001	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	String were fine
241	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	heavy duty is an understatement, works great and very good quality, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, you will only have to buy one in your lifetime and oh yea! the best price in the market, could not find a used one anywhere.
The second reason I say the AT311EP is maybe the best affordable P-Mount cartridge left is the overall specs compared to others in the price class.  In output voltage it equals the Shure M92E but surpasses it in almost every other category and it should since the Audio-Technica is slightly more expensive.  Of course specs can be manipulated to say whatever the manufacturer wants by leaving out things like + or - dB or the specific frequency of a measurement tone.  However in the case of the AT311EP the incredibly wide range of reproduction specified at 15-27,000 Hz clues you into it being a very bright cartridge that also has a big low end.  AT does not spec a dB plus or minus tolerance in their frequency response spec, but the AT311EP has a brighter and more airy character than the Shure M92E while being equally robust in output and it exceeds the Shure in channel separation and channel balance specs.  The airy tone in the AT311EP cartridge works great with clean records in excellent shape but it can get annoyingly noisy on worn bargain bin records.
3371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Plain and simple, if you own an Ovation mid bowl guitar you need this case. There are no other cases that I am aware of that fit this guitar. The fit, look, and construction of this case are top notch. Highly recommenced.
8369	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves it!
For those of you shredders and medal gods looking for a replacement pickup look no further. The Dimebucker is phenomenal. You classic rock guys, don't be afraid of the dark. It just might be time for you to mix it up a bit. The response and sustain you will get with this pickup is jaw dropping.
It should not be a surprise that it fits like a glove, which is what I expected from a case made by the guitar manufacturer. This should not be understated- this will fit your Epi Les Paul like it is nobody's business. The lining is fairly lush and well-padded and the hinge top storage section is of ample size and construction.
1364	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar.
1883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If you need some 6" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. These cables are perfect. They deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. What more could you ask for?!
7445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	easy to install. amazing sound, much better than the under saddle piezo that it replaced.its not cheap but it is one of those purchases that you won't regret
1981	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This does work as advertised but there are a few issues with it. The first is that the sliding weight is far too loose. Yes in needs to slide easily but it is so easy that it is hard to get it exactly where you want it. It also doesn't necessarily stay where you put it. The second issue is the price. The price on Amazon in very in line but for about $15 less you can buy an electronic gram scale. The only issue with the digital gram scale is its thickness. The electronic gram scale is so thick that the tone arm on your turntable will not be level when you weigh it. With this scale it will be. With the electronic Graeme scale though you have a very precise measurement and can also use it for other things.
 For gigging players, the Intellitouch PT30 or the SpeedPro Chromatic Guitar Tuner

If you aren't going to be loading this with lots of heavy equipment, I definitely recommend it. Otherwise? It's still a good rack, just consider the aforementioned flaws first.
3848	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a classic. I used one of these many years ago and this one is as good as I remember.
9162	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Another great Evans product. This drum key is great whether in the stick bag or on mounted on a tension screw on the drum hoop. The key will not pop off no matter how hard you play. If you are tired of searching for your drum key you need the Evans Magnetic Drum Key!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Evans-Magnetic-Drum-Key/dp/B0002D0DWA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Evans Magnetic Drum Key</a>

Squier Standard PJ bass
5494	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Use this for home recordings and some voice over recordings for work. I like the long neck on it and its a double filter so you get a tad bit extra. I tested it against my single filter and it did make a difference, as expected. It makes sense that if you have an additional layer there it will filter more effectively, but I wasn't sure if it would effect tone or highs, and I didn't notice either effected.
* There is no switch to change polarity, so check compatibility with your device.
482	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	There are times when a short mic cable is needed.  In my case, I use it for my wireless receiver to the mixer.  The quality is real good and the connections are snug for a good connection.  I have never had trouble with Hosa,
- Not enough handles on the outside!  Anything beyond wheeling it around becomes a 2-man job or a very awkward 1-man job.  Just having a handle on both sides of the case would have been magnificent.  This is a real downer for me since I'm usually hauling my stuff solo.
6688	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	great
6359	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	purchased for my friend who wanted a pink capo.
449	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As described.
8434	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good gift for a few guitar player friends of mine. very useful. easy to clip on, looks cool with colored picks. it works!
There's a little strap that you can use to secure the part that holds the neck and some notches to store pickups.
8083	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my eternally musical father. His got stolen out of his truck a few months back. He swears by Blues Harps and has a collection. This made him happy. He'll play it on his sailboat and that's just how I love to think of the old coot.

7419	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I keep this cable on my pedal board -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pedaltrain-MINI-With-Soft-Case/dp/B001RNOHHG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case</a>. I've posted a photo on the pedaltrain Mini page. The right angle connector is great to exit the last pedal on the board and the straight connector goes into the amp. I use a Mogami silent cable -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mogami-Platinum-Guitar-12-Straight-to-Straight-with-Quiet-Plug-12-feet/dp/B0018SVNPY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mogami Platinum Guitar 12, Straight to Straight with Quiet Plug 12 feet</a>&nbsp;- for the input to my guitar, but I can't justify paying a LOT more money for the side that goes to my amp (it's not getting bumped around, plugged and unplugged, etc.). This cable works perfect for it's purpose. Oh yeah... and it matches my tweed amp!!

This way I feel the harmonica is more airtight.
7832	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo out there.
9151	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	The feel of pick is very much an individual preference, and there's no substitute for just playing with a particular plectrum, and seeing how it feels to you.  A written review can't compare to actually playing, so take this for what it is worth.
5078	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great but a very stiff cable. Also I cannot use it for open mic because I cannot rely on the performer to plug in or unplug because there is not time to "train" them to press the button at the crucial moment, for them ,I use the cables with automatic switching plugs that prevent pops these work without any care being required by the performers who often unplug without waiting for the sound an ok. I use this D,Addario cable for myself with my sound equipment and as guest on other systems with their agreement( allowing me to safely plug or unplug without having to require the sound man to silence the channel each time. The 4star rating,, because the cable is uncomfortably stiff, and it's not even winter yet.. and  on the right-angle plug it is a little precariously awkward to sufficiently press the cut-out button unplugging

This will be replacing my worn out Fender Strat while I wait for replacement parts for it. Compared to the Fender, this Epiphone has a slightly wider fret board that took me a little time to get used to, but in the long run I believe this will be a welcome change for me and my big hands.
8646	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So good I bought more as gifts!
8182	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as my resonant head and I have G2 heads on top. The two combined are amazing..definitely recommend because the easy tuning and awesome sound! These can't be beat!
It does take some getting used to because of the tight pattern but no big deal. A little practice with holding your singing position and you're golden.
2198	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have yet to install this, but please read reviews of it anywhere, and you will learn that, at this price point, you will be hard pressed to find a cart & stylus to even match this one. Due to the delicate nature of the wire on my TT, i am taking mine to a tech to get it installed, then i will do the alignment, unless the tech provides that as well. This is a Superior Cart, with a top shelf Stylus. If you want your vinyl to SING at its best, you won't beat this cart in quality craftsmanship, especially without spending $500+, and that plus can go well over $1,200. This cart has hovered between $190-$250, and it is a value at either price. Still that range lets you know it can be found at a lower price, but make sure, in that case that it is still new and unused.
3793	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great deal and fast shipping
jack on the laptop and perhaps the soundcard in the laptop
5777	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for an Epiphone Genesis guitar. A great case and it keeps my guitar safe and happy.
8423	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Took some sandpaper to the grip areas, now not so slippery and man they glide right thru the strings like butter with a nice snappy tone as well. Very specialized to me tho, not for strumming
7781	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Ordered the case and it came damaged so badly that it looked like it have been run over by a vehicle. the end of the case had a two inch opening when the case was in closed and locked position. Wow? The packaging is not adequate to protect the high performance travel case!?! Returned the case and ordered a second time.  The case once again came UPS and it was damaged again.  The case wass bent and did not properly seal when in the closed position.  Packaging was torn and looked like it was at the bottom pile of heavier boxes and or mis-handled.  I was then stupid enough to be talked into ordering a third time using Fed-Ex and guess what, the third case came damaged  again.  The packaging material is not adequate to protect this heavy duty travel case.  How could it survive being checked on a plane, as advertised? The aluminum track, at the point of closer, does not align side to side or up and down, when in the closed position.  I will look elsewhere for a top quality case to protect my expensive guitars.
9597	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love the color
8974	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Even though these are folk strings, I put them on my 35 year old dread and they sound really good.
That said, I've had this bass for eight months now and I'm still madly in love with it. It can handle anything I throw at it and it looks as beautiful and eye-catching as ever.
5564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GREAT, GREAT, GREAT!!! Good quality, very sturdy, greatly priced. $17 sold by amazon. Don't hesitate to buy this, if you need a cheap pop filter
 - More force on lower frets

4061	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Probably the best drumsticks you'll ever buy!
9366	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great guitar. I love it!
9732	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent product!!!
7197	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Strings.
5557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great capo. Straightforward. I tried a couple of other brands/formats before going for THE capo that everyone uses , now I see it was a big mistake and waste of money.
2386	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent mic, super durable. I recommend getting the one with the on/off switch so you can cut it in case of feedback.

These are like the standard picks, with good reason. Consistent, they've never broken on me, great feel, easy to pull back or dig in. Very easy to handle.
7899	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings
7614	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	Poor quality. The capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp.  The metal spring broke after three months.  Do not buy.
This is in part because I play acoustic mostly.
1038	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cool looking cable. Should work perfectly.

1955	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have several of these now for people in my company.  We especially use them for recording to SONY Mini discs.  They deliver unbelievable quality (for the money) in that application--and others.  As noted in other reviews here, however, be aware that the mic is very sensitive.  If you don't want a superb mic that is sensitive, you don't want this one.
moving around to adjust the sound can be a little tricky at first, the sounds out of the box are pretty much what you are looking for, then using the 4 knob classic control (sustain/decay, attack, filter, cutoff) is usually enough, but we all want more kontrol, and you get that with this. this is a perfect price as well, being just enough that you know you're getting quality, and not so steep that it's not affordable.
2080	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	no comment

Here's a spectral plot analysis of the acoustic music video "It's Time" from "Imagine Dragons". http://bit.ly/1nbufm8
-6ft Fender L-shaped cable for this particular guitar
This pedal can get a lot more ratty distortion than a Tube Screamer when you have it full up, that's one of the things I like about it, it can get real distorted, but it cleans up very nicely when you back the guitar down. For the price this is one of the best distortion boxes available, it works quite well into a clean sounding amp like the little Quilter Micro Block.
3840	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have a CryBaby i bought used in the 1995, and i love it! Still working, still sounding great ( after more than 20 years ), i have it all pasted with tape and some things are loose but i don't want to buy a new one, this pedal is the very first thing you have to buy after you buy your guitar and amplifier. Fun to play as hell. ** CLASSIC! **
7146	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	What a beautiful piece. Works great & looks even better. Very smooth polish that feels great on the figures.
I guess my only real complaint is that it looks identical to my XLR to stereo 1/8" TRS cable, so I had to use a sharpie to mark this one as being balanced and mark my other one as being stereo.  Not a big deal, but something to keep in mind if you get multiple Hosa adapters.
3196	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I have a couple of different styles of guitar and they all fit on this stand very well.  Other stands are adequate but this stand
6308	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like the feel of Ultex picks. If you've never held one, it's not so much textured as they are "not quite smooth." I'm sure that made very little sense, but it's a nice comfortable finish, a little bit like tortex picks, but not so grippy. I've just got a few pieces of info that might not be obvious from the picture.
Here's the other huge problem with these stands - Ultimate Support's support.  Currently I have a very nice rep working on the case for me who seems to be a little more proactive.  However, I called Ultimate Support over a year ago about the issue with the vibration in these stands.  I even sent an audio file to them where they could place a speaker on a stand, play the audio, and hear it for themselves.  I've had to call way too many times to attempt to get this issue resolved.  This is seriously unprofessional to drop the ball this badly.  Not only that, but I have another Ultimate Support product that was faulty from the start - a Jam Stand mic stand.  When I called more recently about my ts-90b's I also brought up that the Jam Stand was defective.  The rep assured me that they would just send me a new one since it wasn't worth it for me to send in the old one (admittedly it's an inexpensive mic stand).  It's been almost 2 months since the initial call was made where the jam stand was reported as defective, and I was assured I'd receive a replacement.  I have not even received a notice that a new stand was shipped.
5761	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is my 6th Kyser capo.  This one for my new Ovation 12 String CC245 is what I needed.  I always recommend all Kyser Capos.
into a PCI slot, or use an external box.  The argument for

8097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My go to pick. I've used these for years and they are still as reliable as they always were.
7080	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simply my favorites. Martin strings still (despite being made in mexico, mow) are the most traditional, broad sounding acoustic strings available.  3 thumbs up
As a side note, the 1mm thick picks are my personal favorite. Just don't murder your picks on the strings too much - you'll break them. -
5792	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful case.  Fits my LP100 with strap perfectly.  Nice compartment for picks, cutter and extra strings.
684	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	AAAAAAA++++++++
5479	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This pop filter has a good mount ,yet is a little loose but with a little patience you can adjust it and it will stay .It works very good for it's purpose and no need to buy a replacement just do as my wife says put some cheap panty hose on it when the filter starts runnin.

4005	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Might be my favorite sticks, the only reason I can't say that for certain is because there are a million different sticks and a million different preferences. These are solid and the grip is excellent. They also take quite a beating on a daily basis and keep asking for more!

9496	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I've been playing this for 2 months now and have mixed feelings. First, it looks simply beautiful. My wife keeps it hanging in the living room as a decoration when I am not playing it. I am a new old player, that is I used to play but quit and am starting up again. While I never really played well, I owned and had access to a lot of top notch Guitars. As it came out of the box my LP 100 was setup OK. The original strings are pretty nice as well. The action could be lower, but I doubt the frets would take it. Its very playable as it comes but you need to bear down a bit more than I like to eliminate all of the rattles. If you are a Les Paul player looking for a Les Paul this also may not be for you, it feels more like a Strat to play then a Les Paul. It stays in tune while I play and usually only requires a very minor adjustment to a string or two each day to keep it in tune.
Having had a couple of misfires with a digital mini-recorder (admittedly not "mechanical" breakdowns), I'd still recommend a cassette machine, if only for a back-up.
7658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect sticks for that "in-between" sound between sticks and brushes.
8929	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works really well! This is very convenient for when your on stage and are switching to fingering style or something. You can just drop the pick in your hands and pick a new one up when ready.
3937	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The Cry Baby has proven itself since the 60's. It is a very well made pedal that is a must have, if you play any classic rock. It takes a bit of practice to master, but when you have mastered it; you can take your music to a different level.
Not much else to say, they're pretty much like any other guitar picks. I've never had one tare or crack on me, but that's rare in the first place. I mostly get them because I like the texture, and prefer the picture of the rhino to the turtle. Stupid, I know, but that's my reasoning.

Build Quality 4/5
6971	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to protect my Epiphone Hummingbird PRO and it fits perfectly.

6662	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	amazon !! thank you the price we can bit that yes very recommended

4667	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are really light and easy on the fingers, no problem with breaking, to my surprise.  However the lower tension will cause the strings to sit closer without truss rod adjustment and they can buzz.  The sound is also weaker; always a tradeoff.
5708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's definitely a difference between this capo and the normal Kyser used for 6 strings. This capo is significantly larger and there is a bit more tension in it. I made the mistake of trying to use a regular 6 string capo on my 12 string which resulted in the guitar being out of tune when playing. This capo keeps the 12 string in tune no matter where it's clipped.
4635	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Martins have been my go to string for sometime have tried others that I like but always go back to these. I have been playing for 35years.
8257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product, seems to be made with good quality. Good price too


9922	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Long lasting. Holds up to some very rough lead guitar playing.
2841	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	As usual, AKG delivers a great sound quality. I'm sure they make more high end headsets, but these are perfect. Unlike some of their other models, the ear is completely covered but using as little pressure as possible. I would reccomend these for studio work as well as general listening. Great bass range as well.
Six full sized, rich sounding holes in a wonderfully machined pocket sized harp.


I saved $30 from buying another AC adapter that supports 240V.
 When I opened the box up its a very nice guitar no problems, stays in tune as well. I dropped the action down to a lower lever because thats how my Paul is and though I cant get it to feel like the Les Paul action, its a close second. I adjusted the intonaton . All tuned in perfectly and I am very very pleased as anyone will be. For me I got as close as a ES 335 for a tenth of the cost of owning one. So if your a pro player or just starting out as others have said you cant beat this price and the quailty, sound and feel. I ordered mine and it bounced from the west coast to my home in Pa and its just as nice as the one I played at a local store. I ordered in on line, no tax free shipping at a lower price then the local guitar store..... so I took the chance, turned out it was fine.
3928	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I bought these to try them out.  Seem to last longer than my normal brand.  Nice overall sound, stronger bass strings response.
2738	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	works fine!
8900	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used Martin Silk & Steel since I started playing both 6 and 12 string guitars. Just an excellent string set.
4924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great for the added security you want when playing your guitar with a strap.  I have used these for years and buy them for all my new electrics.
Out of the box, though, the action was reasonably low and the frets appeared [to my novice eyes and fingers] to be properly dressed. I have already invested in a good - but not great case:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Guardian-Hardshell-Electric-Guitar-Case/dp/B004PFWYL4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Guardian Hardshell Electric Guitar Case</a>&nbsp;to store the guitar (I also uploaded a customer-provided photo on this page that shows the case and how well the guitar fits.)

2938	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had a long history of mic issues. Mics that feed back from headphones, USB mics that just fail to work on some applications.
6722	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played guitar for 5 years. Seen many different capos, but none that quite satisfies me as the Kyser.


7243	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These work excellently for me and are quite consistent.

2125	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It short it works makes warped records get flatter. It also hold the record in place. I do like the fact it is covered in rubber.
Hope this helps, and sorry about rambling. Any questions, feel free to comment and I will surely answer them for you the best I can, to help out.
Pros:
With the M600 my ukes have lost a bit of the bounciness that the Aquila gives. However, they were already very uke-sounding ukuleles to begin with, now they sound much more balanced. Below you will find what I thought about the M600 on my ukes:
It is no longer speculation, but a well known fact that music lessons improve other scholastic scores because only daily practice improves any new skill. It doesnt matter if that skill is playing rock and roll, or practicing math. Do it every day, and you WILL improve. Learning music helps inculcate that great life lesson. Learning to fix and personalize your own guitar makes that lesson deeply engrained yet FUN!


549	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Good cable. Works as advertised. Would have preferred better connectors but this style cable is a bit difficult to find pre-wired.
I learned this because I purchased the less expensive steel type strings for my child's cello, and they lasted!
9842	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I only use Dunlops. For a number of reasons. First, the texture of the plastic gives a good sound, and easier to hold on to. Second, the "grippy" texture they put on them makes them easier to hold on to. Thirdly, they make many sizes, for all the right occasions. Two thumbs up!
7708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very good for slow songs
9802	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm an Irish-style DADGAD guitarist.  These picks cut through the string really nicely, and are great for driving rhythms.  I'm starting to lean towards the Tortex .5mm, though -- I think the roughness on the surface of the Dunlops adds a little bit of scratch to the sound that I don't like.  Still, great picks.
7441	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best reeds I have had in 57 years of playing Sax.
Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the DSLR or not (or my shotgun mic).
2188	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Originally had my 9-year old try a full sized acoustic guitar.  It was almost as big as her.  The store expert recommended this one and she loves it!  The size is just right and she doesn't feel overwhelmed like she did with the full-sized guitar.  She loves it and hasn't been able to put it down.  It's perfect for lessons, is easy to tune and sounds really good and rich despite the size.  Good things do come in small packages.  when she outgrows it in a couple years, I'll pass it down or trade it in for a larger model, but for now, it's perfect.  She's already mastered several chords on her own and she's about to start formalized lessons.  Great guitar for small learners to help them not feel so intimidated like they might with a full-sized guitar.
6313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This strap looks like the tape we used at crime scenes. I love it! Very crisp and clear silk screening and stands out in a crowd to say the least! The strap from LM Products is well built. The weave of the nylon is uniform and tight. Very solid leather ends that slip over the rather large strap buttons of the Strat that I intended to use it on with just enough pressure to be sure that it won't slip off the buttons while playing and moving around. Due to being a 2" nylon design, it's well suited to guitars of average weight. A Strat, Tele, SG...that type. It would be pressing it to use on a Les Paul, known for it's greater weight. But for lighter guitars? Oh yea, it makes a statement to be sure! The folks at LM offer a bunch of different designs, but this one caught my fancy. I love it!
- The backpack straps are good, comfortable, though the simple velcro strap that holds them down when not in use is a budget solution: the InCase and my Reunion Blues Continental bags have zippered compartments.

9956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love heavy picks for the warm attack on the strings, and these tortex pick seem to have just enough of a texture to keep them from slipping around in my fingers.
8492	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good Picks; good price; fast shipment.
If you use, or plan on using, a lot of tone-sucking effects pedals, going with the brighter, hotter,

4079	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good sturdy quality.
2278	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
54	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am just a beginner. Was playing chords within an hour. Very happy with it. Set-up took a little time. After that I was flying. Easy on the fingers. The DVD is very helpful. Makes it fun to learn. Should have bought two.
6097	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.
7535	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Worth the buy.
I do agree with another reviewer, the green version is a bit darker than the one pictured, but it's not a deal-breaker for me.
1340	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable and sounds very good
3548	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sound is what you get from this strings. Greatt qualityt/price relation. I use them on a Martin electroacoustic and they love each other.
5822	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Don't forget this item. Great protection for a great guitar and is a perfect fit.
2764	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The extra length gives me more flexibility and maneuverability.  Cord works well and hasn't been any problem, to date.  Plugs directly to the system, or my mini-amp.  Works well.
The amp, cabinet, enclosure, microphone, and fx models do a good job recreating the originals with some exceptions. For $100 dollars and a project studio this software is hard to beat. It has helped me numerous times when I wanted a certain sound for a song and can't spend $$$ for a Marshall jcm 2000, mesa boogie dual rectifier, soldano slo 100, or a plethora of microphones. Also the pre-sets are good. Line 6 did an excellent job of recreating Eddie Van Halen's sound from the early 80's. But you can choose your amp, cainet, enclosure, mic, and fx combo and dial in your own settings specifically tailored to your desires quite easily. I did purchase the expansion Bass and FX packs. The bass cabinets and amps are very nice and the extra effects add quite a bit of room to create.
5373	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Simple to install, amazingly effective, very high quality materials.  At this price, I feel silly for not getting them earlier.  Keeps the strap secure on my $XXXX instrument.  The only negative is that I do have to remove the strap now to get the guitar in my hard case, but since it has quick release, that's no problemo.
7173	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great slide. Heavy and smooth and fits well in my hand.
I think I prefer this over the nylon due to the fact that this pick holds it's consistency better than Nylon.
4309	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	High quality fishing line! Haha, sounds great, no complaints.
4075	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love love love Promark drumsticks-- these things are freaking tanks! Other brands (that shall not be named) would break and splinter-- understand I'm not an especially heavy hitter, just a typical pop/top 40/rock/country drummer trying to get through gigs without having to use a brick of drumsticks.
6994	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	good product - good service - would buy again if needed.
5072	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Do as the manual says, lube them up every so often, and these will work like a charm. I got these after an unfortunate incident with my strap slipping off of the strap button, and taking a chip out of the binding. The black ones work well with most finishes, and it works with most straps, as long as the ends aren't ridiculously thick. Inside of the box, it came with 2 screw sizes. One thing to note however is that these make the strap protrude much farther out of the guitar than normal. No biggie however, as most straps are adjustable, so just adjust for the change in strap position, and you're golden!
7978	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Best capo I've ever had.
You really can't go wrong with this capo. It is very mobile, easily adjustable, sturdy, and durable.
7269	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Great tone, nice look super value.
7177	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what it says.  It has great weight, the edges are super smooth, the feel is just right.  I still can't play lap steel worth a pinch, but that is not the fault of this slide. It is awesome.
8348	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are the only picks I will use. I have been using them for years. Sliding does nick the edges though. That's when I toss them away. But I but them in bulk and always have plenty.
4484	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I must have Straplok
This thing is simply beautiful! It arrived well padded in a double box. Initially, I spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if I could spot any flaws. NONE! Not a finger print on it anywhere! This guitar is extremely well made and put together right. It was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. The neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. I put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the "money"!
8642	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I cut it in half and use half on stage and half in my studio.
3068	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm in a 7 piece working horn band.  I'm the drummer and I sing lead and backing vocals.  I have always used a Shure SM58.  A sound man let me use a Beta 57 one night.  I thought it was much too "bright" sounding.  He basically told me that the only difference between a Beta 57 and a Beta 58 is the wind screen.  The 58 windscreen sets the element back farther, which takes away some of the harsh overtones.  I switched to a 58 windscreen and it is a perfect vocal solution.  Clear, bright but without any harshness.  I have a 58  where we rehearse (the Beta only comes out at gigs) and I can hear the difference.  Save some money, buy the Beta57 and a generic 58 wind screen... you won't be sorry!
And maybe the thing I like BEST about the lil' Lever Capo? It's PORTABILITY. I'm a musician, and if I'm out-and-about and there's a guitar around, I'm probably gonna have to pick it up and start playing, if allowed, and if it's appropriate. Guitars are out there, sometimes seemingly EVERYWHERE; Capos are NOT. It's nice to have a few "tools" with ya, for when the occasion arises. I'm NOT about to carry one of those other-style Capos around in my pocket ("Is that your CAPO, or are you just happy to see me?"). But these Dunlops are so small, it's easy to carry around with the two or three picks you've already got stuffed in your pocket (you know you do).
1047	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed and seemingly durable.  Does exactly what you need it to do without needing to pay an exhorbitant cost.

2265	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with this microphone, escecially considering the price. I purchased it as a second mic for a karaoke system and it works great.
4091	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Just worked as expected. nothing to complain
[...]
5756	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My favorite capo is the Kyser
828	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This is a great cable that doesn't really kink or knot as many rubber-insulated cables do. It also slides easy through the mess of other wires, pedals, and amps that it gets tangled in. I really like the classic look though it is a very modern shielded cable. It is as quiet or quieter than any other cable I own, and at the price, this is a very good deal. My practice room has 12- 4' x 4 bulb fluorescent light fixtures- yes, that is 48 light total. They are the old kind with noisy ballasts. This cable just doesn't let that stuff in, though. Very good shielding for $16 at18 feet.
2055	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Looking to save your sliders and remove the static or cutouts? this is your best choice!

9744	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good picks. Do their job. Tuff and flexible. Good medium picks. Can play soft or thrash 'em.
We bought our first set of these, the Zenergy5 with five chimes, as a bit of a lark. They rapidly became a favorite, which use used nearly every day to announce dinner time. The chimes sat on an end table, and nearly every visitor would pick them up and play with them.
7568	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great product, price and shipping time.  Thanks.
9017	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Nice case but the lid is a bit tight over the microphone grills.
3897	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	been using these for years on my strat
-The capo is a little less versatile. By this I mean that you don't have much "control" over it. Its tension is always the same. I did not feel comfortable going to higher frets when I thought of just how tightly it was squeezing the guitar neck (and it wouldn't go past fret 12 on my seagull due to size limitations). Additionally, I'll experiment with partial capo songs that my twist capos would be able to configure to but not this. (Not a huge deal).
3498	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I collect guitars I bought this for my son with Rocksmith. I'm hoping he learns to play on his xbox. The guitar is well made for the money I was quite surprised. A good starter for you until you get good enough to own a $2500 Gibson.
Due to the low cost I decided to send it back using Amazon's automated system and I'm waiting for a replacement now.
4640	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	works very well, keeps the popping to a bare minimum, easy to install, cleans in a flash, lightweight and works
6448	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	really bad.


7893	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with Vandoren reeds. Great product!
you can see the little bubbles crying between the plastic
1189	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This cable produces a very responsive signal. It works very well. I have been using it for a few months now and it is holding up fine.
9850	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great picks! Moved from Fender to this Picks and they are the best imo
9715	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed these heads on a Ludwig Keystone drum set - with a 13x9", 16x16" & 16x18" floor toms, as well as on my snare. In addition, I installed these heads on a Ludwig Breakbeats set with the SAME results!  Awesome!
Nice quality cable and worth the money. Buy this one!
Grab a set, you won't be disappointed.
8951	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these since I started playing 12 years ago.  I often venture out and try other brands, styles, thicknesses, but I always end up coming back to the light-gray Jim Dunlop .73mm standard.
5818	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great capo.  This is my primary one I use for gigging.  No will ever walk away with these capo because of the color.
432	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly after a year! Awesome deal.
M
8657	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!


1- AC15
8313	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	good buy

Like others have noted, the front pockets are kind of awkward. They'll fit books if you're ok with the books popping out the top. Overall though, great bag. Enough padding for putting in a car, trunk, throwing on your back and biking around town.
I'll upload a video later.
The maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. All the metal hardware appears top quality as are the Duncan pickups. This Epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing I ever had.  Your hand floats over the frets!
1347	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works good and great value!
So, thats roughly the idea with these.  They are meant to reduce playing volume with out having to concentrate so much on your playing.  Meaning you can still play just about as hard as you would with regular drum sticks, but the volume will be noticeably softer.
154	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	So good that I bought another one.  Love the heavy cord and gold connectors.  Bass sounds great.  I just learned last night how to coil them up.  I guess I should read instructions more carefully.  But no harm done, still works great!
4658	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've been using them for at least 15 years and they are still my favorite.  Never had one fail.

8008	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	My "go to" picks for acoustic strumming.

5724	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This case was bought for my Epiphone Les Paul Black Beauty 3 which fits inside pretty well, although there is a little wiggle room. The case appears to be built well, however, the case lid is misaligned with the base section when closed shut. The lid should overlap the bottom case similar to how a shoe box lid fits on top of its box. The misalignment creates an odd gap which is only noticeable upon close inspection. I have a similar Epiphone case for my Sheraton and that case closes properly like my shoe box example. So beware production quality may not be consistant and could vary on a case to case basis (I couldn't resist that pun).
Warm tone
Its easy to use and to change frets and go into another song pretty fast. When i first got mine it was stiff for a while it took me with 2 hands sometimes to take it off and on but that stiffness went away after a few months of using it. But like i've said i've own mine for 3 years now and it still works and the pads are still is good shape.
2142	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I'm reviewing the Shure N44-7 Stylus, not the knock off that others have reported receiving.

270	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Still the best expression pedal out there! Have several of them and they contain a small plate at the bottom to link them together. Has to be required to use on some CV value devices.
6032	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This has been the biggest selling distortion pedal since its release in 1978. I didn`t know why until I bought one and tried it the other day. It has a very rich and musical sounding distortion. I must say it`s a breath of fresh air in today`s world where the music is crap now. If you love classic rock from the 70`s turn the distortion to half-way and you will love this pedal. If you love 80`s hard rock or hair metal turn up the distortion anywhere from 3 quarters of the way up to max and you will love this pedal. Even If you love 90`s alternative rock turn up the distortion all the way and you will love this pedal and guitarists are still using it in 2014. Musically, it has enough gain to cover almost anything you would want to play accept for something like crappy black metal or some other non-musical noise. Hey, and Joe Satriani and Steve Vai use it. Enough Said
The overall construction of the case is as expected.  It'll be durable enough to carry around your equipment, but something probably wouldn't survive a 6 foot fall.  Other reviewers commented having plastic shavings inside the rack?  Not the case here.  It also comes with a bag of screws with rubber washers (nice), which I didn't really need as I already have a ton of these, but a nice touch nonetheless.
After putting several hours into practicing scratching and many more hours ripping and remastering my vinyl,  I'm pretty happy.  It sounds amazing and I'm not having any issues with jumping or skipping.
7138	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	pretty let down here... and the buttons are pretty difficult to use, have to press really hard, and that isn't a guarantee to get it to sound
1826	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've had these cables over 2 years now and they are all still working great. I use them when I want to change my pedal board around but don't feel like making my solderless cables. I would actually trust these over my George L's because sometimes those cut out and I have to redo the ends.
5086	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these on my strat and les paul, both which are worth $$$$. They went on with just a little drilling and a screw driver, which was a bit nerving, though now I feel like a pro and will buy more sets.
8911	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with every Evans drum head that i buy on Amazon! They sound better than the old 'Ludwig Weathermaster' heads; way better.
5043	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical that a plastic drum mount would crack and/or pick up vibrations from the drum but this was not the case. The clip seems to be more rubber than plastic and does not seem like it would break easily, however it is sturdy and stiff enough that it will hold a mic in place even when mounted upside down so as to point the mic on the resonant head of the snare.
6282	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I love it. I should have bought two. Everyone that sees it asks where they can get one
3240	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a stand with welded legs and all I could find were this one, the Proline, and probably the Hercules. I would not recommend any of the stands that you have to put together with bolts. Welded legs are much more accident/abuse-friendly. What sold me on this model over the Proline and Hercules is the offset attachment of the crossbeams on the legs. There is much more room for your legs. My PCR-500 fits on this perfectly and the height adjustment has plenty of settings to suit standing or sitting. I haven't had any trouble with my keyboard bouncing around.
4074	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've used a lot of different sticks and Promark 5B is the perfect stick for a hard hitter who doesn't want to jump to super heavy sticks.  They're also less destructive on your percussion.


7596	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Before his untimely and senseless death Darrell "Dimebag" Abbott was just beginning to share with us the tools that helped shape his signature sound. From Randall Amps to Dean Guitars Dimebag's endorsement would be an indication to guitarists that the piece of equipment in questions was designed for maximum aural assault.
- Pretty in Pink
2700	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I now have a dozen of the best microphone made ....
Into the garbage they went. At $2 apiece I wasn't expecting much, but I wouldn't give one of these to anyone for any reason.
I took a 10 ten foot long 1x8 board from home depot and placed the motor and mirror ball in the center. I placed the spot lights approximatle 2 feet to each side, with tthe color gel caps. The mini strobes are placed about 1 foot behind those. I put the Black light on the wall and ran all the cords to the wall mounted Power switcher so we can controll all of these with a flip of a switch. Mounted this boad accross my rafters with hole drilled into board so the cords could pass through and be hidden. I am not a DJ nor do I know what is better or best. I can tell you that we are happy with all these items and when kids come over they squeel with delight. Cant ask for more at this price.

9058	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I a Samson Concert 288 wireless system and an older Audio Technica vhf wireless system. That's two receiver boxes and three wireless mics.  Both systems fit perfectly in this one case.

This is a safe purchase.
4210	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these strings on the recommendation of an "expert" for my old bowl back mandolin. The instrument is old and delicate enough that the "Ultra Light" strings just make sense. They play and sound great.

If you know how to adjust your truss rod get these strings. They play so nice.
1645	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	NICE
As with all Boss products they are built like a tank and generally last forever if they are not abused or damaged.
My second favorite is a 2.0 Rico Royal.
Price is very reasonable.
Bottom line: It has a wooden comb and it WILL warp with use. Once this happens it will not be airtight anymore so you'll have to blow your head off to play this thing...and...it'll feel like your running your lips and younger over a cheese grater.
4382	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great.

1239	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Used this to properly record sounds from a tablet app -- worked flawlessly.
1807	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Hosa YXM121 XLR Female To Dual XLR Male Y Cable is an excellent cable specially for a Marantz audio recorder; I hock it up to both females XLR and use a ship mic to test it and record two track stereo with very high quality.
995	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great!

488	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are really long, and they work.  What else is there to say?
681	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	the 1/4 jack plug is a bit narrow.
5223	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Nice cable. Good quality. Love the kill switch. Will buy another soon.
-It has a great, deep, rumbling tone. The bottom end is nice and clean and the higher end sounds pretty great too. Out of all the basses I own, I love the sound of this one the most. Its a great sound for rock or metal.
19	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	My hubby and I decided we wanted to learn to play the uke, so we ordered this set based on decent reviews.  Wonderful.  We learned to play thanks to this kit.  While the instrument itself certainly isn't of high quality, it is more than adequate and has a good sound.  The real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book.  Fab! It is highly informative, easy to follow, and has some good songs in it.  I still use it for reference and do not pick up my uke without that book nearby.
9975	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Pretty Good...wish it were more adjustable
The only thing is that if you're using this with a Digitech processor, it won't work normally.
8002	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	You can really toot your horn with this harp. Easy to bend notes and to clean. Classic sound.
I think I will be experimenting with the 9.5 sets more in the future.

9534	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good
1090	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my Berhinger X32 board. I am using this whith my Shure X2U and togehter they are a perfect match to capture sound from the monitor L/R outputs.
4255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a blues bottle slide awhile ago.  Loaned it out to a friend of mine..never saw it again.  I guess that means he liked it ha!  Well, I liked it so much that I just let him have it and decided I'd just buy another one for me.  It works absolutely fantastic, I love the sound of a blues bottle slide on my guitar AND it's not very expensive to get which makes my wallet feel pretty good too.
5413	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my acoustic
1941	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Sounds great, worked on my Stanton turntable with a 1/2" style mount. It bottomed out on a record with a considerable bump (the old stylus/cartridge did not). But it plays and sounds great as long as the records are reasonably flat.
I think I've found how lazy I am. I ended up using the Kyser more often than the Shubb because of the fact that you can put the Kyser on the peghead.
4754	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played this pedal for a while now and really dig it. I'm old school, Fender Blues Deluxe reissue and Strats and Teles, this pedal has a great, warm, organic feeling tremolo that I use a lot. You can barely bring it in for some warmth, or really crank the speed and depth for a great sort of rotary speaker effect.
3752	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
5257	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cables I like cut off button it come in handy
3395	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This case is a great value.  It is built solidly, it protects the horn well, and it accommodates my big bell horn easily (6 ").  The optional&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Protec-Padded-Backpack-Strap/dp/B0002KX5E6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Protec Padded Backpack Strap</a>&nbsp;works well too, which will be important to some buyers.
To sum it up, I love this guitar.  I keep in E flat tuning and it stays.  To me, a guitar with this sound and crunch deserves to drop it's tuning a little.

The finish on this product is very nice.  One thing though, the pick guard is kind of a tan / cream off white color, not bright white as pictured, but it still looks great.
TL;DR It works perfectly.
makes good cross sticking sound on my snare too.
- Quick Change
4452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been playing for over 30 years. For the last 10 I have used only Earthwoods on my acoustic guitars. I had not used Silk & Steel before, but I am very happy with the quality and performance.
6487	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Fits perfectly and holds exactly in place. Highly recommend.
They installed easy and took me about, 2 min. To out in.
However, don't be fooled.  Not every MD player has the appropriate Mic Jack.  Double Check the technical documentation to make sure.  Units that definitely do not have it are:
653	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Cant go wrong. Great quality on a budget price  - Hosa is the go to when you need to hook things up
4854	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Any singer knows a pop filter is a must. Perfect for my setup. Easily adjustable. I would recommend this product.
5859	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Protec Big Band Music Folder with Elastic Band Closure - Model F3E
4692	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I replaced a set of strings that were very used with these Martins.  They are, as named, very light.  They are easy on my fingers and give great tone.  Quality company, great strings, great price!
5050	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	This cord is a little stiff at first but that goes down a bit over time. It doesn't quite look like the picture but that's ok since it works the same. The mute button is a blessing, so much easier to change instruments now. I've had this chord for a few months now and no problems so far.
im extremely happy with this and i think its well worth more than the 168 that i paid for it.
8924	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It's a cool pattern. It gets a lot of attention when I use it. Prompt delivery by the seller.
I gave one to a friend and I am ordering another one for myself right now.
5114	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great cover for my 61 key M-Audio Axiom Air keyboard. Keeps my board dust-free and looking in mint condition. This is my second Gator cover. Nice material and good fit. Would definitely recommend to keep equipment looking new and in good condition!
5) no trouble shooting guide

8726	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	i fiend over these stubbies. I prefer the little stubby 3mm but I use the both. Best most long lasting pick you'll ever find. You'll get at least 30 years of Yngwie out of these guys before losing a couple of millimeters of tip.
6478	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, works as described.
4819	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	They work.
8422	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pick for bass guitar
I recommend!
3779	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
1889	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	These are a bit short, only complaint.
5654	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	not a bad case at all. Used it for a 2016 Gibson Les Paul Faded Studio
3932	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Kyser capos for decades... I have never had one fail and they don't cause the guitar to go out of tune like the wrap around types.




6154	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this capo!!! It works great for live playing since it is easy to change quickly! And of course, the fact that it's purple makes me happy too!
6407	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	The sound timbre is good.  It seems to be well-made and sturdy.
916	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	got 2 of these for the wife and I.  the tweed jacket is very RETRO SHEIK!  works like it is supposed to!  the 90degree angled jack works great on the guitar end!
The build quality is solid. I've always been careful with them but not used cases or bags and the only damage thus far has been cosmetic. The sides will scuff up pretty easily so use the duffels if thats important to you.
4305	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	performance? i dunno, it's a piece of cloth attached to a ring of metal...sooo it does its job? its great, the only bugger is the small hand screw which attaches the snake to its stand has a tendency to come loose if you move the filter around, but its better than the alternative.
8420	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	love these
6350	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these picks!  Lighter, better than the cheaper ones I had at home - yet a great price.  Will buy again.

9452	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I'm just a beginner and like the way they sound and feel. Bought a bunch of different picks to try and these feel pretty good.
3421	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	I bought these for my wonderful Yamaha FG700s. I play every day and was hoping to give some rest to my fingers and try the softer tone of nylon strings.
3393	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are great cases and affordable too.  All my horns are packed in them.  I wouldn't recommend them for air travel, but for gigging, they work great.  Plenty of protection.
3256	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I like this rack and recommend it.  Using it to encase a Hartke Kilo bass amp that requires 3 U's.  Also have a 1 U fan, 1 U tuner, and 1 U power conditioner.  Using support panels from the back to support the fan and the power conditioner.  Had no problem with the front and back rack holes lining up correctly.  Everything fit well.  Wheels appear to be soft plastic so the jury's out on how well they'll hold up over time.  But so far, no problem.  Pull handle is okay but could be more rugged.  Again as with the wheels, time will demonstrate the durability of the unit and its components, but so far no problem.
5883	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This case is constructed well, and fits my Les Paul exactly. Grey plush fir inside, compartment for strings and accessories, and nice quality throughout. Great case for the money!!!
8935	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I put these low-tension strings on (gasp) a fine flamenco guitar, and it is an incredibly responsive combination. The lightness of the instrument yields an incredible dynamic range, and the sound character of the combination is similar to that of the smaller old Martin guitars (in contrast to the gassy dreadnoughts). I have big hands and the width of the neck is wonderful (apologies; this is not a review of the guitar, is it!).
5210	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	2.0	The buttons are too big and there is only a clip that keeps the locks attached to the strap.  I think it is awful ugly and am only using this on my Frankenstein guitars.
2557	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	rebought ...my first was a lemon but i knew i liked the actual device and sounds etc
3471	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I've played on Vandoren V-12's since college...wish I would have found these sooner!

I suggest these over the other brands - watch what touring bands use. These things lay flat and there are no protruding parts to catch. If you happen to be without a strap with locks on it, these new pins can be used like regular pins but are larger so a strap will be pretty much secure.
4768	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I installed them on my Charvel Model DS-2 ST. I unscrewed the old Strap locks. The New Screws were just a little bigger. I put some Soap on the Screw Tip. And had no Problem Screwing on the New Screw to the Guitar Body. Tighten Down Firm. I also put on new Felt Washer made by Fender which I bought on Amazon too.  I installed the Reliece Part on a Walker & Williams Learher Strap. Went on with no Problem. Just used a Neddle noise Plyers to clip the Supplied Clip on.  Great Guitar Locking Strap.
8696	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I used to use fender thin triangle picks...but got tired of them breaking and finding the pieces that got scattered all over my basement floor. No more problems with that...nice flexible picks that will last forever.  at least till I lose them..
7991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great strings..
8392	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I really like that it gives me more room on the neck.
6746	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have maybe 5 or 6 of these.  Theyre great.  No complaints so far.
3689	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This thing rocks. I could not believe how it enhanced my Gretsch. I use it all the time and I am never disappointed.
I manage a classic rock band. I recently ordered a bunch of stuff to replace aging gear. Cables, mics, stands, snakes, etc. We have now been out on a couple of gigs with the stuff. It is all good quality and working fine. Does exactly what I expected it to do. No surprises. In the interest of time I am applying this exact same review to all of the items I bought for this purpose and am happy with. FWIW, I am also taking the time to be critical of the items I am not completely happy with.
I have included few photos for you to look at the details of the product and the comparison with other guitar picks.
Edit: I ended up recording some albums on my Sony ICD digital recorder I bought here (love it!) to put on cd. This needle really does the trick, especialy thru my Sony amplifier. Of course, I had to fix the speed digitally, and tweak some pops & clicks in my computer recording software, but still worth the extra work needed.
2445	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This microphone is already widely used by musicians and recording studios. Already has consecrated quality.
9962	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	GOOD DEAL
7229	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Less expensive than Monster and does the job as well as.
The mic gave the vocals a slight megaphone tone, but not too much that it approached a compressed telephone type of sound. You can really drive it, with the gain control on the mic itself and then again on your preamp.
2984	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love 'em. They don't leave rack rash on my gear.
1926	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This was a cheap way to get an old Technics board up and running. It sounds noticeably better than it did before.
1708	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality and fits without any looseness or popping sounds. It's far better than using a less expensive 3.5mm cable with a 1/4" adapter.  Highly recommended
Each pocket can be stuffed with up to 1.5" of (10.25" x 13") paper in its deep gusseted pockets; although 1.25" of music per side is a more reasonable maximum.  Note that this is not sufficiently large for some [large format] sheet music to fit, so check yours before ordering...
9843	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	very nices picks . if you want that are med go with .60mm . they are best picks you can by for your money .
663	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and seller.


7960	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Stuff is expensive but does work, wish I could afford more, used push pins for install, no glue for me.

Compared to my M97xE cartridge it is louder in both raw output and in the music being heard off the turntable directly. The latter bit is a clue that the M44G is probably a bit harder on vinyl than the M97xE. It is, a DJ cartridge, after all. Of note, it has a lower recommended tracking force than the DJ cartridges from other brands that I was looking at and Shure mentions it offers ultra low record wear. Still, I will continue to use my M97xE when I'm not DJing.
6280	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great, good price

9224	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Easy to grip
8457	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Grips onto the stand very well and holds the picks very well.  Not much more to say other than great price too.
8825	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Quality
Comparisons with other pedals, whether more or less expensive, are really of no value, this is going to be YOUR pedal, and it's what you think that matters. If possible, try a friend's, or go to a music store and try it first, although if it was me I would just buy the pedal there after having tried it.
Now that I have been more earnest in my second attempt, I decided to check out the Mudslide.
Enjoy.
5892	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great sounding and I dialed it in during a show to try something new on my bass line, it killed it and everyone loved the sound!
3770	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	It is the original. 'Nough said.
As for pinout it's straightforward, pin 1 is tied to the metal grip and shield and connects between both ends, while pins 2 and 3 are run isolated between both ends.  The end design chosen uses the single set screw connector (the tiny one that gets lost so easy if you need to take it apart) and the rubber bumper design on the back which I haven't had the best of luck making quick changes in the field with, however for interconnecting equipment on a temporary basis these cables are an important starting point of any audio engineer's kit because they will be used not if but WHEN the need arises.
4564	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I orderd this guitar mainly to setup an instrument to play slide with. I didn't want to spend a lot of money but, wanted something that was decent quality to setup and gig with. I will raise the action and, tune it in a open key which sort of makes it unplayable for any chord or note playing in A440 tuning. When I received the guitar I wa very impressed with the overall quality of the instrument in looks, sound, and, playability. I got way more than I was hoping for!
it will be great for people with arthritis that already play and want to continue playing without the pain.  I like the beginner cheat method to help me learn.
Sometimes, you HAVE to pay more to get more - as a professional musician, I get that. But in the case of this HOSA cable, that ain't the case.
7255	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Good reeds that fit my daughter's needs for her alto saxophone.
8545	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	yes, i think you should try these.  if you're looking at them, then get them.  they are thin and flexible so i purchased them to develop my pick skills as i was a finger type guy w/o any pick experience.  i don't drop these and get a feel for where the sting is located w/o looking.
4655	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	best strap locks I have found
This was a basket filler when I needed to get to $25 for my free shipping one day but I find it very useful and use it every time I play.
2765	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	These are well built with good quality jacketed cables, solid connectors that fit well and good strain relief where the cable entes the connector shell. Quiet, with no hum or other noises as the cable is moved around.
Some reviewers have noted that they crack after some use.  If that turns out to be a problem, I might reconsider my review.  But out of the box, they perform as well as any pick I have used!

OTOH I do not find the upper and lower outside pockets very convenient, and I wish there were a larger, single internal storage compartment - even if it meant adding some weight and cost, as in the much more expensive&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bam-Tenor-Sax-Trekking-Cases-Black/dp/B000Y0252W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bam Tenor Sax Trekking Cases Black</a>.  Put too much stuff in the Protec case lower pocket and the case won't lay flat; too much in the upper pocket, and the open case will tilt when the horn is removed - spilling the contents if you haven't zipped the pocket closed.  The small, separate inside compartments for a mouthpiece and the neck may work well for you, but I keep my neck inside the bell, and I'd rather have more inside space for reeds, neck strap, a pencil, glasses, etc. ...
8956	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	I don't gig. Yet. But I do want my s*** to be organized. So I stuck one of these on the vertical of my guitar stand and haven't looked back. My picks are where I want them. Yay organization!
5105	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	If I would have known I could pick up such a quality cable for the price I got them for I would have got them way sooner! I bought a ten foot circuit breaker cable for guitar to pedalboard and twenty foot custom to amp. Right off the bat I could hear much better tone in the highs for sure with less noise. These cables work so well I purchased two of their custom cabling kits for Pedalboards. Once again more tone clarity and little to no noise. Don't be a fool and spend more these are extremely high quality cables! Now that my complete chain is planet waves cabled I really love the results and my bass player has switched over as well. Since I been only using them for a few weeks and two gigs I can't say how durable they are but I usually get 2 -3 years per cable so that's my benchmark. If they fall short I'll refresh this review to reflect so.
I expect this out of a cheapie Chinese made harp but this harp has "Made in Germany" stamped on it and it cost me over $30!  All of my life I have associated German made goods to be of the highest quality in the world. This is inexcusable!  The Lee Oskar harps I own have a smooth edge...and they are made in Japan!
----------Note on which key to buy first:
7350	Musical_Instruments_5	NEG	1.0	This cable caused my amp to pickup am radio stations. I swapped it out with my VOX cable and the problem went away. Connected it back up and the am radio station came back. I do not recommend this cable and replaced it with a Planet Waves American Stage cable which is awesome and has top quality shielding.
6879	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Great case, fits my EJ-160E like a glove.
How do they sound? Great. Neutral, not bass heavy, not hyped in the highs. I like them. I also have a pair of K701's, and the K240s sound slightly duller and less extension in the low lows, but I use them for tracking (and making mic placement decisions) without hesitation.
--Start with a key of C.
939	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	excellent
6991	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	There's nothing new to be said about Kyser Capos. But Amazon really should have this product listed as a CLASSICAL capo, not a "classic" capo. If you order this item, you will receive a flat (i.e. unradiused) Kyser Quick-Change Capo *for CLASSICAL guitar.* If you want one for a regular steel-stringed acoustic, order the item listed as "Kyser 6-String Capo." Avoid the mistake I made! :-)
4855	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I always use these strap locks. Very dependable, solid construction. Super easy to install.
These cables are user serviceable. They simply unscrew so you can re-soldier breaks quickly.
Easy on...easy off.
9668	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	I have been using martin acoustic guitar strings on my acoustic guitars for years and they're just great.
Another reason why I love this is it's noise free. In some environments in which I play there are sources of electromagnetic interference that cheap cables will pick up and transmit. I have not had that problem with this one, so it's another plus.

5371	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	it's just screen for 'pop' what do u expect? You can always stretch nylon stocking over some rounded material for funky/cool or get this kinda studio look. whatevar...
9698	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Love these heads.  Funny how people seem to think they will mute or dim the sound.  Perhaps the only thing the dim are the bad overtones, because these heads project well with great decay.  Tasty and punchy.
9081	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	Works great on My 6 string Martin and on My 12 string as well. Great Product !!!!!!
I've been playing since about '72 and it's easily (along with the SG) one of the best guitars I've owned. You really do get Gibson sound without the Gibson price tag. There are higher-level LP's (and SG's) with the neck thru bodies (the LP-100 and SG-310 have bolt on necks) and I may "move up" someday, but I have no complaints at all with this guitar. Didn't have any with the SG either. Oh, yeah, higher-end models use different/better wood. Just don't think this guitar is the "cheap stuff"...you would be very wrong if you did.
221	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	5.0	This Yamaha Sustain pedal FC4A is very durable.
Looks really, really nice
8306	Musical_Instruments_5	POS	4.0	Much smaller then expected, fingers to fat for this pick. Give to lead guitarist and he loves then!
of course..i had already thrown away the packaging...........sigh
