1914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have never owned an address book before, I never thought I needed one since I have a tablet, computer and smart phone.  That was until I found myself endlessly searching for an old list of addresses that I kept after a Tupperware Party a year and a half ago.  Addresses just don't translate from a screen as they do from a book.  I keep it right next to all my mailing stuff and use it regularly.  The Norman Rockwell cover is fun and cute.  By looking at it you would think that the art is only on the cover but the illustrations continue around the side and to the back.

6789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using it everyday. No skip,smear,or leaking. Sometimes you have to write with a little more rapid motion when you sign your name, yet, no problem whatsoever. For the prize I have to pay, it is certainly a 5 stars.

5447	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are perfect! I use the same style every year. As I travel for work, the quick glance of each month in the beginning is perfect for entering the cities so I can see where I will be. The weekly breakdown has enough space to enter appt locations and times along with a ruled page on the right side of each week for additional notes. Perfect size and still room for so much info!
3534	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It is an interest mix.
6154	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Basically, the paper is nearly impermeable to water-based inks and watercolors.  Gel pens,  ballpoints, and pencils work OK.  Otherwise, try to use a fountain pen (I used a couple Noodler's inks) / watercolors and the ink will bead up and look terrible.  I can't imagine why they decided to use this paper, it sucks.

742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a wood frame to hold this style of calendar.  The wine theme aligns well with our life because we are wine enthusiasts.  The drawings are pretty and pleasant.
1057	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A publication packed with useful information that is easy to understand. A must for any traveler heading to the last land frontier in the United States. Besides superior and information packed maps, the Alaska Atlas & Gazetteer provides readers with amazing insight into the culture, the settlement, the exploration and the little known facts that help readers develop an overall understanding of the state. The publication provides a remarkable insight into the Native-American population. Finally it provides pointers on where to go. I used this publication to plan my entire first visit. I love information on paper. The maps alone are worth hundreds of dollars.
5904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is perfectly portable. It fits inside most of my bags, not too heavy, stays closed due to the band at the end, and is large enough to feel like I can draw a decently sized sketch.
9776	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
3272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
9234	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good!

3085	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes, this is a tiny book. And some of the fill-in sentences are a struggle to complete. But I got these for all four of us daughters to fill out for Mom for Mother's Day, and she really loved reading through all of the pages. It was quite an emotional experience. I typed out all of the statements into Word so that I could type in the answers and go over it a few times before filling in the book with a purple marker. But it was a big hit! So important to let Mom know how much you love her while she's still here.

9832	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Dymo for a dymo labeler - two thumbs up
CUSTOMER SERVICE: I did not need to contact costumer service at all for this product
1248	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Has everything i was looking for. Only improvement i would add is tabs to find the sections. Very attractive little book.
4986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is the perfect size, very good quality & price.  Just personal preference, but I wish I'd bought the grid -line version.
I have actually been a faithful Texas Instruments 2 line scientific calculator user/customer since I was in fifth grade.  They are a very dependable calculator, not only during my school years with all that dreaded math homework and testing through my school years. Where I used each of the buttons more then once. I can remember not needing to borrow someone else's calculator once, and more than once helping someone who's calculator had died.
8183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I always get everything I need from Amazon-Price is lowest of anyone, products are the very best!!
957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband just moved to the US and this has really helped give him an idea of where different places are in the US. It also helps our 5 year old learn his states and to see where all our family is around the us. Nice quality.
7673	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Whoo-Hoo! A calculator! Not much to say about it other than the dual power is a nice option. My old one (same model number) finally started to die if not in direct, bright light after 12 years!
As others have mentioned, the planner sometimes is difficult to close, it's as though the page punch depth and the size of the ring binding don't quite match up. It will however open flat and even bend backwards onto itself which sometimes comes in handy. I just have to be careful and coax the pages closed vs. just closing in one motion.
I separate the sections for what I need and fill them in as I go. I start by creating separate sections for each type of information I am collecting. For my trip to Paris, I had one section filled with quotes and all the literary Paris themed books I read. Another section included all the Parisian cookbooks I had read, and all the recipes I tried and loved. Another section included web sites where I could view all the tourist Mecca's (The Louvre, Chartres Cathedral, etc.) And of course I had a travel itinerary section for planning my whole trip.
1541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This thing was better than expected, I did sharpen it a bit, it worked as described and then some it has worked on small areas and some larger ones when we got more ambitious, My fellow gardner said it made weeding enjoyable. It is solidly made and feels strong and comfortable in your hand "I have a large womans hand" but my co-gardner who is much smaller than I finds it a comfortable feel as well. I will be sure to order again and will be buying these as gifts for my garden club.
2084	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The item is exactly the same as displayed in the picture, with great printing quality. It also comes with a protective case, so that you can safely keep it when not in use
2543	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Beautiful alternative to the typical world map. Looks great on our wall and we reference it often.
3746	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The ShuiMiFang thermos - provided by vendor as a 'for review' item - is clearly meant to be a high end, high quality item. It comes inside a 'gift quality' box, beautifully presented. The simple, almost industrial design makes it an elegant accessory. The outside finish is flawless and the interior wall appears to be white porcelain.
9297	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very comfortable mouse pad.

The paper is very thin, lusterless, and doesn't write as well as my less costly Piccadilly journal with my Pentel Rolling Writer ink pen but I did find that the total package is very nice so I don't mind. It's ideal as a writing journal and to draw small drawings. For larger drawings, use the Leuchtturm Plain Notebook.
3670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought two for my remodeled bath.  Great amount of light, not harsh or glaring.  Looks modern and clean.  Easy to install, easy to change bulbs, easy to clean.  Bulbs are readily available and are not the costly bulbs.  I looked at ALOT of fixtures and am VERY happy with these.  Arrived in excellent condition, packaged very securely, and all parts needed were there.
9233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using it as I write this review, great product!
1186	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Stunning!

9229	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like this mouse pad; I've had to order a few over the years because of wear and tear.
533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very useful pocket chart set for any classroom. If the chart is about 10 cm wider, it will be more convenient.
9675	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	VALUE PERFORMER GETS NEW LOOK

849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this album created the legacy of the 'concept' album. No longer was an album all about selling singles it was about the collective soul of the songs. Very few albums have more soul then Sgt Pepper's even after 40 years. The story goes that the Beatles were blown away by 'Pet Sounds' by the Beach Boys which in their minds far surpassed anything that popular music had come up with. Their answer to 'Pet Sounds' was Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club. With the creative genuis of producer George Martin the Beatles put together an album that belongs in any aspiring Beatles fan collection. The White Album, Revolver and The Anthology are all great but this I think stands as the pinnacle of the Beatles music.
936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This one went to our daughter and replaced some hideous unicorn poster. The map caused a lot of raised eyebrows, but now we are getting calls from her friends parents as it apparently sparked a fad... The world needs more fads like this (IMHO).

544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and made for years of use.
9999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the Dymo 450 label printer!!!!!
2155	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	another good bookmark!!!

1607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pan was a great find. I'm slowing working on owning a whole set of this cookware. I would recommend this brand to anyone, nicely priced and a great value, made in the USA by our fellow country men and women.
7937	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use
8426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is very good at math.
1939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use it as a bullet journal
4192	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's attractive and sized right for me. It would have been perfect if it had a ribbon bookmark and a plastic sleeve cover where I could store reminders, but I added those.
4435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calendar with notes about what is going on in the sky.  Tracks moon cycles, and meteor showers.  Very cool.
I test all of my coloring books with a wide variety of coloring mediums.  I will list those at the bottom of this review.  This is what my test results were:
4562	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product, quick shipping!

3346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We love, love, love this book. My homeschooled son who is somewhere in between K & 1st right now absolutely LOVES this book. It's excellent "busy work" for when I'm working with his siblings on other stuff because he can generally read and understand it quite well, but it still has some challenge for him. He LOVES maps and geography, so this is right up his alley - it's just about the only bookwork that he doesn't groan about. It gradually gets more and more complicated and applicable, so it's helping him learn. It also comes with two very nice pull-out maps. We will definitely be getting this book's companions for older grades, as well as duplicates for my younger kids when they reach this age.
751	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There tactile letters were exactly what I was looking for. Great for those that do a version of Montessori at home. They fit the bill and are at least $10 cheaper than what you can find elsewhere. Also, I rarely see packs with both the upper and lower case letters. A great value and a fun way to practice pre-writing skills with young children.
I've been using Moleskine for years (7 or 8, I think), and their hardbound ruled notebooks are probably my favorites. I keep a small pocket one in my backpack at all times, and the big ones I use variously, from Scripture notes to book drafts to general notes.
It is SO easy to use!  I'd never used a stove top pressure cooker before and in less than five minutes I had all the information I needed to be able to cook on my range with ease and confidence.


1149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these for bridal party. Very natural looking. 
750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  I love the pockets.  I have been using this type of calendar for several years now.
7184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	best price anywhere online or BM...  Have used this exclusively for a few years...
The high-end cover attracts attention. Conversation starter for sharing the Evernote brand. Love it.

I happened upon these while placing my last order, and looking for something "small" to bump my order up to $35 so I could get free shipping (grrrrr.... I don't like this new minimum!).  I ended up ordering 4 packages, because I have some "young girl" birthdays coming up this month, and thought I could give these along with another little gift.  They are perfect for that.  I'm sure the "tweens" in my life will really like them!
1218	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these "adult" coloring books. I've always loved coloring, even with my kids when they were young and now with my grandkids. These adult coloring books have so much detail and depth to them. The pictures in this particular book are mostly animals. Coloring is very relaxing to me. And with these detailed pictures, it really takes your mind off of the problems even for a bit. You are never too old to color!
Also, the calendar doesn't start until the last week of June.
5993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Journals for jotting notes, making lists, or whatever. Use them all the time for various stuff at work and at home.
4710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I was looking for plus very fast shipping! Will order again for next semester. This color is a perfect navy blue that matches my navy longchamp bag perfectly. love the folder in the back to store my handouts.
PS I saw some editions of this book at HomeGoods today for $3-4 so I know you can find these books out there for less! (at the time of purchase I bought this book for something like $7)
2041	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second one of these calendars and I love them. The eCards are always witty and make us smile all year long. I bought my first one at a Big Lots and then I was sad I couldn't find a second one anywhere.  Then I found it here, bought it and couldn't be happier. The actual days on the calendar are big enough for writing a few notes on them too.
4312	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful script and so easy for child to learn!  Highly recommend!  Used to teach a special education student!  Easy!
I've not noticed any unusual odor, as reported by some other reviewers.
Overall I can't be happier with this purchase. I look forward to purchasing my next calendar in 16 months from Orange Circle Studio as well.
7955	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	So far so good. This is first time my child has had to use a calculator for school. Seems to do a lot for the cost. Good value!
924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazing map! Keeps trying to roll up after a day of being hung up but after a week it stayed still. Taped it onto styrofoam insulation and we are using it to keep track of our family travels. Really cool, detailed and educational. Lots of detailed extra information on map. Lots of labeled cities too.
638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really lovely notebook.  Good paper, lovely layout.  Not sure on the durability, as I haven't carried it much, yet - nor on the accuracy of the sizing - merely haven't checked it.
8806	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it

6259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quality notebooks for my wide fauxdori.
1732	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great price! This is exactly what I was looking for. We homeschool independently and I wanted a record of what we do each day for law purposes. I do not use it to write out full lesson plans. It's very basic but is great for keeping attendance and listing what you did each day.  All subjects are listed out so you can fill them in. The kids never see this, this is purely for my records.
4073	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yummy in a cup.  Love you Foldgers!
3980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy with this purchase. I haven't had a hard-copy calendar for my home in a while and with our busy schedules, it became necessary. I am so glad I found this great calendar for such a reasonable price here on Amazon. I'm a teacher, so I love that the calendar starts in August 2014 and goes for 17 months after that. I also totally missed the fact that this calendar comes with STICKERS and was so excited when I opened the package. I spent the next hour putting stickers all over!
It does take a little longer to fish out the key you need, but I don't access my keys all too often and I know which keys are which (even though many of them are the same shape and size).  If you do need to constantly be pulling out keys, this could become inconvenient, especially if you have the screws really tight.
949	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
1456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as gifts for students that were graduating from our youth group.


3929	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for running long distance!
1096	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has had this product for 10 months now.  She uses it daily for her homework and used it very regularly over the summer as well.  Does a very nice job.  Haven't yet had to replace the battery.  And it helps her be more independent with her homework.  Pleased with the product.


4394	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I'm not sure if I purchased the wrong one or what but these were missing some books (I wanted the Catholic version).  Also, I received two of the same sheet of labels and was missing one sheet.  Unfortunately I didn't realize until halfway through installation.

9292	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice pre formed Gel Mouse pad. Wrist fits nicely in the pre-formed wrist support.
9359	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought the calculator for a test and future uses at school.
4061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I took Brother lable maker and put full name of deceased young lady, friends 32 yo daughter under the words and it hangs in nook of my porch right now. Hopefully won't use it again for a long time.
Enjoy!
6782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Writes well and smooth.
7167	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fair product

Also found a small metal piece in the binding that was loose & would have choked a small child or dog.
1725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the time of year when I order my new wall calendar.  Its always a Mary Engelbreit and it always hands on the side of the built in refrigerator.  This years ME is absolutely lovely!  Cant wait to hang it!
3576	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very clear stamp. Well designed.
I was very impressed and would buy another, with Christmas coming, something tells me it will not be long before more are arriving either on my doorstep or someone else's!
1488	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bigger than I expected, it works
7865	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice calculator and very cool color. The kids in my math class love it! Hopefully I can continue to order it.

5025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described
4457	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my kindergarten students.  They love wearing this colorful crown on their birthday!

4879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These sketchbooks are great and have a very good heavy paper in them. For the price, you really cant beat it. Moleskine sells these for $30 on their website + shipping. I got mine here on amazon for just under $20. Great deal!
5101	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a working professional who goes to a lot of meetings.  I carry an iPad, a small case and a portfolio in my briefcase.  I recently transitioned to a small briefcase and found that my portfolio does not fit.  Enter the Moleskine.  It is small, looks professional and they pay attention to the details.
680	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This recipe organizer consists of a sturdy 11 by 11  by 1 -inch three-ring binder with eight tab dividers denoting recipe categories such as "desserts" (each of which has a back pocket for loose papers). Within each section are five sheets of glossy paper that are preprinted with lines for writing out recipes by hand, one imagines in a perfect copperplate. You can print more sheets from the product listing on the publisher's website, on whatever quality of paper your home printer holds and, if it's a color printer, with pale green lines like the original pages (though my inkjet interpreted the color as blue). However, if you are an enthusiastic cook this notebook may not be thick enough to hold your entire collection. The cover of the binder, and the heavy paper composing the dividers, are each printed with a different William Morris textile or wallpaper pattern rendered in mint green, pale blue, peach, and pink. The inside covers of the binder are printed with charts for imperial to metric conversion of a few measurements, "food equivalents" such as how many tablespoons are in a stick of butter, a chart of roasting times for various meats, and a chart of oven temperature equivalents (although most recipes give you precise temperatures in degrees, rather than merely telling you to use a "moderate" or "hot" oven). If you have any basic cookbooks these charts will be redundant. This is a good wedding or birthday gift for any recipient who loves Victorian-ish decorating magazines that specialize in frilly pastels and an abundance of knickknacks, and imply their readers are constantly relaxing with delicate china cups of tea.
7002	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I personally like that you can change the pencil out with another pen.  I know there is a review commenting on why someone would do this, but i personally don't use pencils in my job.  So; that is why i would like two pens.  They seem to be good quality pens to me and write well.  Good Cross quality.
I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly, one bad pen. So later on when some new colors came out, I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.
3142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for my classroom! It is very helpful for the students!
5635	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have nothing but good things to say about this journal.  The black matte cover is beautiful with imprints of the titles of famous books on it.  The size is just right for carrying in your shoulder bag or briefcase.  In the front of the journal there are pages to muse about the great books you've read, what you thought of them, memorable quotes, anything you'd like to write in order to refresh your memory when you look back at this journal.  Bibliophiles will love it!  The paper is smooth, and top quality.  In the back there are lots of stickers so that you can personalize your journal, and a mini accordian file to stash notes or receipts pertaining to your book buying habits.  There are three separate ribbon dividers attached to the journal for bookmarking and a very nice hard plastic bookmark with the names of famous novels on it.  I almost forgot the elastic band around it that helps you keep everything from falling out of it.  I'm sure I'll have mine for years to come.
8365	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome tool for the right job!

4086	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I do love the scent of this product but then again, I have yet to find a Philosophy product that doesn't smell good to me!  They are rich and luxurious as far as lather and you can use as body wash, shampoo and/or bubble bath.  Really, what's NOT to like?
3599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gifted napkins w/tablecloth for son's family Easter dinner. Stunning with sunflower arrangement any time of year. Family loved it, but I noticed it was wrinkled at the dinner table. Don't know if daughter in law dried on high heat, but I would either hang or dry on medium/low heat.
1964	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely beautiful!  These are the prettiest post cards I've seen.  Very girly and soul grabbing.  Girls will love this card as a Valentine's Day card.  Especially if she is away from you.
I started using this mouse pad about 10 years ago. At the time my wrists were hurting and I was near scheduling surgery to relieve the pain. In an attempt to deal with the problem I bought this mouse pad and the Microsoft Natural Ego Keyboard Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000. I'm a full time programmer, I touch type but I press harder than I should. After 25 years of typing for a living it was causing enough pain, so much so that I had to make a change. As long as I use this pad and an Ego keyboard I can work pain free. If I have to use a Laptop for a work trip, by the end of the week I am hurting.
2514	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my Husband as a present for valentines day. I also purchased a cork roll and used a spray adhesive to stick the map on to the roll, then placed that in a frame that i got from Michaels at 50% off. This is a great travel map for using push pins.
2827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great to use, when you want a paper reminder too.
634	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I was surprised when I received these - if I had just seen them in a store on the shelf, I would have never paid so much for them.  This buy was a real mistake for the price.  The variety of cards is good, but a few of the images are not to my taste and will go unused.
8040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We got our cards out in time. The product is very nice and easy to use.

Does this matter id you're using a ballpoint? Mostly no, though show through is bad with all types of ink. But even though ballpoint ink isn't absorbed into the paper, the pages are so thin that you can see right through them.

7545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's actually a really great calculator for the price and power source. I use it in my shop almost every day

We received this item gratis from the manufacturer or a seller, without obligation, and decided to objectively test and review it. My statements in this Amazon listing review reflect that testing experience.
6873	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	a little expensive but great gift.
Cons:
8106	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.
5573	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Notebooks. Small enough to hide in the breastpocket of a shirt, but sturdy enough to stand up to everyday usage.
1351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it!  Great price for being scented, gel and has sparkly colors all together.  She wanted something similar at the store that only had 6 pens and didn't have the sparkle or scented for the exact same price.  I knew Amazon will have a better deal!  Thanks:)
4327	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you're like me, eventually camping memories fade to point where you cannot discern one spot from another.  Fear no more with this journal.  Keep it up and you'll always know and remember what you did where, when and with whom.
5379	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always love Moleskine books -- clean look, quality item, with a history that makes you feel like you are writing in a classic author's footsteps, if you will. :)
579	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	You only get the cards, which I didn't realize when I purchased it. But on top of the fact that your only paying for the cards they don't even come perforated... All around I wouldn't order this product.

468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really nice size and more colorful than some other employee's maps. Came well packaged and at a good price.
One can never go wrong with Pauper.
8654	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The wrist wrest on this mouse pad is excellent and just what I wanted. However, the mouse pad itself provides a little more resistance when moving the mouse around than I like. I guess this is a matter of preference, but I prefer a slick surface, and this has a more fuzzy feel to it.
You see, the TI-86 is a SOLID engineering calculator. It's got fast units conversions, an intuitive and FAST menu system BUT it lacks "pretty print", handling of units for math (keeps the units throughout equations, calculators), and integration/differentiation with the variables in place (it doesn't just evaluate it). With the right software, the TI-89 is a very powerful math tool.

3873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The charms are very charming.  Fun to use at a party -
6064	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my husband for Christmas and they are great! Exactly as described, he loves them! :)
The Century model was once available as an actual pencil, with a simple twisting advancing mechanism and a writing tip sized just right for the lead to go through.  Removing the cap and eraser, you had a very large storage area.  You could fit a dozen extra leads in it and write all week without needing to carry a separate box of leads.
6725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the animals and the colors, makes it easy to find what you are looking for.
766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son needs some practice and reinforcement on what he is learning in school - this workbook gives him that.
4378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I haven't put them in yet but I already love the bright colors.  I've put tabs in so many Bibles for my husbands friends over the years and these are basic tabs and anyone should be able to do it as long as you follow directions and take your time.
Still, well worth the purchase.
Whats more important to you  pocket comfort or writing comfort? My 2 cents, if your notebook will spend more time in your pocket (pants pocket), with only the occasional brief note, get the soft cover; if more time being written in, get the hard cover. Also, if you can carry it in a coat pocket, backpack, briefcase, purse, etc.. I would get the hard cover.
A VERY useful book comes with the package, better than the book with my last one because it shows clear examples of how to perform different calculations. It will also suggest some things you can do with the calculator that you may not have intended.
Moleskine releases limited editions of these versions, too, about once a year, and they're a nice distraction from the usual black. There's also the red cover one as well.
 This model fits in my shirt pocket, each page provides adequate writing area, the binding is just about right for allowing the pages to lie almost flat and the squares are very helpful for quick sketches.
4793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this particular journal for many reasons. Mostly though because it is the only one that has a hard cover, making it easy to write notes while on the move.
6062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product!
8583	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I looked everywhere for a calculator that would help with my son's Geometry. This seemed to fit the bill. Nice size display and a nice instruction guide. I'm sure he'll be using this ALOT.
9021	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good!
  * 3 3 for PC connection Memory SIMM 72-pin, 1 1 for PC connection MIO
5823	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Yahoo!  The Moleskine people listened to the art community!  I had tried this watercolor book and reviewed it a while back, when it first came out.  I did not give it a good review because the paper was not at all watercolor-friendly, and that was a gross understatement.  The paper was thin and crinkly after a wash. I used only two pages, then relegated it to the pencil-only sketchbook pile. That was then.
2376	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THEY FIT JUST THE WAY I EXPECTED THEM TO FIT!! THEY ARE SMOOTH IN WRITING AND i HAVE PLENTY TO LAST FOR A WHILE. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Pros:
3604	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful
4046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	second year in a row I bought this!
-  First couple pages are "birthdays, anniversaries, and special days" two whole pages
So why do so many people buy this product?  I guess  because the sheets are the same size as North American letter paper, they  "feel" familiar.  Maybe, as well, the format is a hold-over from  the 1980s, when dot matrix printers reigned, and there was no other  convenient way to make cards but by quad-folding.  Or perhaps it's because  a two-fold card in the small invitation size is rarely (if ever) available  at most retail locations.
I do like that it keeps all things easily @ hand ...

Details: pages are high-quality, the boxes are large enough to write in, etc. Definitely a great calendar!
7883	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits so Good. at a Great Price :)))
1526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great scissors!  Just the right size for In The Hoop embroidery!
1205	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This planner is useful for those wishing to boost their productivity.  The most difficult part is sticking to using the planner itself.  I'm not big on inspirational quotes though, and the planner is full of them.  I could use the wasted space for notes, lists, etc.  And indeed, I sometime use white-out to cover the quotes and use the space anyway.  Another issue is that it only has five days per week.  This works well most people I assume because a lot of these planners use this type of method, but it frustrates me to no end.  As a student with a full-time job, I need to be productive seven days a week!

I can't understand how did it get so many good reviews...


6929	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Just received my pen today. Feels cheap compared to one I got from my father years ago, and from one I got on Ebay. This one Feels total different the metal is less in thickness and the screw on portion feels like it will strip its self in a matter of months. Not smooth and well machined like my old one or the Townsend I bought. I won't be buying one again will get them on EBay and make sure of where they are manufactured.  I am told that they will all say China or Japan,
I have two folders for each class - work that needs to be graded and work for missing students. When a kid is absent, I take the work and put it in the MIA folder. When I collect work to be graded, it goes in the appropriate 'to be graded' folder. When I am leaving for duty or prep (someone uses my room during prep), I can grab the folders and have the work I need to grade.
But anyway, even it could be improved, it is a good pen very pleasant to use.
1097	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought one for my son who loves to read. This one is not as easy to lose as a regular bookmark. It uses an LR1130 button battery. You will need a watch screw driver to open the compartment. It beeps when the time is up. You can set it up as a countdown, count up or cumulative (adds up the time every time you pause and start again). It also is a regular digital clock when timer is not being used. Bubble wrapped. Made in China.
1491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit.
9880	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product - Fast Shipping!
7606	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works well no complaints
5800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sleek, beautiful design, feels great to the touch and has amazing watercolour paper. It just invites you to paint straight away. I can see many more uses for this little treasure, like as fotoalbum, scrapbook, travel journal and more. I will actually make a little children's book out of it, a project my husband and I have been thinking about for our first grandchild. I most certainly will be buying more in the future!
5472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has been my go to planner for 3 years running. It has a weekly run down and a lined page next to each other for notes on your week. I use it as a planner/journal hybrid. Highly recommend for the quality and structure of the planner. It lasts all year and stands up to lots of abuse, stuffing with papers and receipts, being banged around in my carryall purse.
3271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it very simple chart
2534	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Awesome purchase, but the size is overwelming and definately not cheap if you plan on framing it. The color and print on it is great and legible.
9205	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	so soft
I've moved onto cheaper, hardcover spiral notebooks - I can't afford to pay 20 dollars for a single notebook, especially with the volume of notes that I take. Also, the spiral is essential in lecture halls, where the desks are just a little bigger than the notebook itself. However, whenever I write in my normal sized notebook, there's always something missing. You find yourself writing about the amygdala, when all of a sudden it hits you - the bittersweet memory of this moleskine notebook. Sure, it wasn't big enough to draw the diagrams required in physics and chemistry, but just the feel of putting the string-bookmark back in the notebook and wrapping the elastic around the notebook is just one that can't be replaced. The feeling of your pen gliding over the pages is just unparalleled.
4687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little blue book (my color of choice) is perfect for placing in your back pocket , shirt pocket , or vest pocket. The cover is high quality and has a place inside for placing cards etc. A great buy that you will not find in many stores.
3) There is only ONE filter- I hope this doesn't mean there will be problems :/ my Amcor had 4 filters & the option of putting charcoal filters inbetween to filter your room's air if you wanted.
All in all I am glad that I decided to purchase it and I do use it often, even though the uncomfortably narrow width and the fit/finish flaws might suggest otherwise.

929	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent classroom map. Good clarity, durable lamination, not too "busy/crowded"


8750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought 2 work well.
1662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is extremely small and could fit easily in a purse or coat pocket. Although, the measurements in the description are quite clear. Its small, sturdy, and functional. I like the elastic band closure and it even has a roomy pocket in the inside back cover to put some folded papers into. The cover has a slight iridescent sheen, and Im loving the peacock feathers. Im happy with my purchase.
459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely map.  Big, colorful, and a little bit sturdier then paper (it isn't a thick laminate...they would have to charge 5x's as much, if that were the case.  However, you can put stickerss on it, and they remove easily.  Also, washable markers if washed off gently).  Amazon shipped it in a big box, so there was no damage to the map.  We are VERY happy with it.
6530	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	makes organizing hourly activities much easier
5651	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the squares. The graph paper feel makes it much easier to write neatly on this notebook. Also, the document camera takes a killer picture of these pages. The smart stickers seem pretty unnecessary, however, since Evernote does a great job organizing the photos into notes without them.
A good purchase, if your needs match the unique features it offers.

7877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got me through all my college/science classes! Works great!
5175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've heard these books are wonderful.  I take a lot of notes at my job.  Having struggled with wire bound books (the bindings getting bent or snagging clothing) and being teased about being too old to use composition books, these notebooks are a joy to use.  The attached ribbon bookmark and elastic band close have come in handy to use.  The paper is smooth and a heavier weight than other notebooks.  The paper is also a cream colored so there is no glare when writing in bright sunlight.  The book is tough enough to be out on the job but professional looking enough for meetings.  Love this book!  I'm planning to buy more and have the covers laser-etched to give out as gifts.
7691	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My all time favorite cheap calculator.  my last one lasted 11 years before succumbing to a coffee bath.  Other cheap calculators are too slow to keep up with my immortal level typing.  Adding and multiplying works as described.  I've never tried the subtract or divide functions, that's just not something I'm comfortable doing.
3699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love

This thing is just awesomeness in a binding.  :)
6582	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Like many, I have problems keeping track of thins and stay on target. This is a really useful planner
4845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great durable notebook to carry around with you. The hard cover and elastic band to keep it closed, with the ribbon to mark your current place. The paper is good quality (though somewhat thin, which is great for the number of pages for the size, but if you use pen you might notice some bleed-through, but it won't rip randomly). The size is small enough to fit in the back pocket of mens' jeans, though large enough I wouldn't keep it there all the time.

9206	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	provides great wrist support at a good price.
8692	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.

556	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a sturdy product that helps children master the abstract concept of regrouping. A great addition to any classroom.
9443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, easy to use, and has all the functions you need for a finance class. I wasn't thrilled to buy a $30 calculator especially because you can use your phone or just a regular scientific calculator. BUT at least it did make some functions a lot easier (and if you're like me, you like to derive the formulas yourself), and you could use the calculator to double-check yourself. Yes, once you get into the real world you end up using a computer to generate all your tables and reports, but it is useful for doing basic work (plus has exponent and log functions that are useful outside of finance).

3685	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love the size and the layout.  very handy for writing in appointments.
NOTE: All of this is not reviewing whether bible tabs are good or not. That is up to you. Also, Tabbies makes a LOT of different types of tabs (a list on the website and on the back of each package, along with item/model #), so as long as they look like these, the review is good for all that do. For minis, or some other shape, I cannot vouch.
For example, I'm a literary studies major and one of my profs requires a reading journal. I have to turn in the whole thing several times a semester. I had purchased a Moleskine planner (because it had Peanuts characters on it, mainly) and fell in love with the smooth, supple paper and narrow ruled lines. I thought I might try the cahier journals because they are not terribly expensive in the kraft paper version. I had my husband, an artist, decorate the covers.


7577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works fine..with there were more instructions on how to set problems up
2253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this bookmark. It is very sturdy and can be used again and again
5684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are super handy and helpful for note taking.
The bad:
5354	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this pen to match with my Moleskine notebook. From the picture the pen seemed to have a low profile design which it does not. The pen is not worth the money. I would suggest if you are considering purchasing this pen to consider going to Staples and purchasing an adhesive pen loop for notebooks for $1.99 and using any pen or pencil you want.
2305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A classic prayer
1679	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great books!  The paper is thick, th book is sturdy.  Definitely by this over the competitors.
999	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	LIttle more data than I really wanted but was shipped in hard plastic tube and well protected.
Im happily surprised by this. Its perfect for keeping in the car or RV for camping, fishing, handyman type of stuff or even in a kitchen or desk drawer for miscellaneous fixes. The only thing I would add to this is a flat screwdriver. Its made of stainless steel and aluminum alloy so its not breaking anytime soon.
8277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simple, sturdy, inexpensive. I bought this for mathematical statistics class, and I have no problem for that.

7878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this calculator for the FE Mechanical Exam. I passed the exam, and as far as I could tell, the calculator was applicable to all necessary topics covered in the exam.

I think it's a great buy!

  * Operating humidity range
9051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable, perfect size, I am satisfied!
Software / System Requirements

7543	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A really nice calculator - it has an "old school" keyboard that's getting hard to find, i.e., it has a [+/-] that changes positive values to negative values and vice-versa (which newer keyboards lack!).  It also has a nice statistics package - very easy to enter data and get means ans standard deviations (both population or sample) without having to go through a [non-intuitive] menu stack.
2488	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Now all the recipes I have on too of my head found a place :) book is beautiful and exactly what I wanted!
1512	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to go with a small amount of water color pencils that I also got to review. I did not like the pencils as they were EXCEPT when using them as water color, but dipping them in water becomes quite tedious. THIS set of water brushes makes that a much easier task and brings it back to relaxing & creativity.
5191	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	While I absolutely love my iPhone, this product continues to be my favorite way to keep notes and journal my work and personal info. Moleskine continues to be an excellent and consistantly well made product.
8856	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
2962	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious
those who are "longtime "tanglers".

5901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As an Account Manager, speaking with different people on different topics and promises, can become rather overwhelming. After observing quite a few people in Executive positions use a notebook, I asked an Exec and they recommended Moleskin. The Pocket size works perfectly for what I need, and allows enough writing space to get all my quick notes, ideas, and promises down on paper. Call it old school, but daily notes in a business that has a lot of interactions, goes a long way! Not just that, the little pocket in the back lets you keep Post-It tabs for annotation on-the-run. I currently own three (3) Moleskin notebooks for different purposes, and have come to rely on the quality of the product, and its Customer Service.
3222	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have to move classrooms this year for the first time in 8 years. In 8 years, I have accumulated a lot of stuff-- some useful and some not so much! As I weeded out my posters, I was able to fit all of my posters (and there were a lot) in this! This was a perfect buy for the price.

3374	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and works well for incentive charts for bedtime.
5249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!


1105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a great buy. I must say, I really didn't want to buy one, but my chemistry professor insisted that we did...whatever. Seriously though, I'm glad I did, it kept all of my lab reports neat, and I didn't have to worry about anything. I did find it irritating sometimes when I forgot to put the plastic divider behind the page I was working on, because then my markings would go through 2-3 sheets, but that was my own fault.

1905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is by far my favorite address book I have ever owned. I read the reviews prior to purchasing, and all the good reviews are true! This address book I will keep.
7592	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it a while back just playing catch up on my reviews.  I bought this as a replacement for the one that the display finally died. I used it out while hunting as a calculator to determine ballistics.
4649	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Working fine.  Printer has no problem with them.  Colors seem fine, although I haven't printed many pictures.
This isn't a bad wrist rest (and they are much cheaper now: I paid roughly $13 for this compared to $18 4 years ago for the same product ID), but they are not in any way the previous generation.
3062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loved this is brought a tear to her eye.
  * 6 pages/min
- Nice cork top.
4100	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my Sunday school class of 3 and 4 yr olds and they loved them. Small children have small attention spans and We use them to time how long they have to sit in their seats, stand in line, stay quiet etc. It's a game for them and I love it as much as they do.
5008	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cheap, durable, enough space for me to write my daily to do lists and schedules with a fine point fountain pen. I like the space on the right side for more notes as well.

8346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All TI calculators are great and reliable. Easy logic, friendly to use. And a lot of functions and a good memory.
Perhaps there's a teacher out there who has found a cunning use for this guy, but I'm hard pressed to believe that since it can do so little.  I think it's a sham to ask students to shell out for one of these on top of books and everything else we have to get for school.
It's chic yet practical.  It's simple in design but gives me everything I need in a planner.  It's also not too bulky and fits in my purse so I can take it everywhere I go.  I love that there's a hidden pocket flap in the back of the planner to keep all loose items, such as receipts, cash, etc.  The cover itself feels sturdy yet smooth to the touch - almost like supple leather.  The cover also can withstand dirt and liquid.  You can easily just wipe off any dirt/liquid that gets on the cover.

4484	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Has made my poster organization so much better!
5784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these products! The paper is silky smooth and absorbs ink super well without bleeding or leeching through the page. I always keep this in my scrub pocket for quick notes, on the fly teaching sessions, and to doodle and draw! Highly recommend
2319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute little address book....very glad I ordered it...and it's my favorite color!
6594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Totally love this planner!!! I just wish the month to month calendar was a bit larger. Everything else is GREAT!!
Our daughters find them interesting and eagerly read them and asked questions that we could discuss. Just what one wants from educational books!
4991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm super happy with this notebook. Fits in my pocket well and it's great quality.
8060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The quality and weight of the paper are excellent. Sometimes you get thin card paper that makes your card look cheap.  This product doesn't.  I will recommend it to everyone.
4124	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	won't print
5391	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son loves them. I wanted something about 1/3 the size, so I gave them to him. It was my fault on the size and they went to him. Do you have any 1/3 the size?
3989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just a great calendar.  Thank you!
9950	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great labels. They may be a bit long for everyday envelope use, but they are the perfect size for small to medium sized packages. I do use them for my daily mailings just for the convenience of using one size label, though. They easily peel off of the backing paper without getting caught in the printer (I use the Dymo LabelWriter 450). For normal, everyday mailing and labeling uses, I recommend these.
juices flowing!
5337	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality product. Functions as promised. Stickers useful for posting page snapshots as promised, although I don't use that feature much.
I also have a black 64 oz hydro flask.  Mine has no chips on it.
3941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using this for my job chart. I love it...
-----Standard monthly calendar in front pages
I myself use this book to draw landscapes, and use the individual pages for single doodles or sketches. I also favor the strap, which just looks cool, and helps keep it closed. The yellow pages are also a joy, as they give the art it's own artsy flavor that white pages can'.
Pro: Tiny, fit anywhere.
On one side is the skull and cross-bones, on the other, and arrow so you can have it point to exactly the last sentence you read. Eight in the pack is plenty for your bibliophiles like me who have a book in your bag, another at work, a third by your bed, etc. A must have for any reader.
  * Networking type
  * Packaged quantity
5521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First, I have a paper, notebook and all things stationery thing. Second , I have a particular love of all things moleskine .
259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great flip chart for preschoolers learning their ABC's. I love the CD that accompanies the flip chart. The songs are unique and catchy...but don't count on your kids remembering them...they're too unique. Great way to have the kids point out the focused upon letter after the song - lower and upper case. Highly recommend.
672	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A few years ago I organized my collection of recipes (handwritten, printouts, clippings, cards etc.) into binders.  Three binders.  My favorite is the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Homemade-Recipes-Tabbed-Recipe-Binder/dp/1605532975/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Homemade Recipes Tabbed Recipe Binder</a>&nbsp;in the bigger size (it came in a small square size and a bigger 11.5 inch square size). All the larger recipe binders came with dividers and also with sheet protectors that would hold various sized recipes.  I supplemented these with lots of extra sheet protecors.  All those binders were 2.25 inches wide.
4869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best.....I carry it with me everywhere. The paper takes washes beautifully and the format lets you expand your work to both pages. It works well with all media of watercolor pigment and accepts fairly large quantities of water without bleeding through or much in the way of blossoms.....If you know paper then you know Moleskine.

1556	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice realistic barrel cones. Plastic not rubber. Could be a little heaver in weight. But I like them, can't see them being used for cakes...
7777	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this for a math class. Seems fine to me! I definitely won't be showing up unprepared for class now.
I like it much better than the new casio's. It some times clears the memory when you turn it on and hit clear frequently.
375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We have this on our dining room table under a thick plastic sheet. It makes for great conversation about geography and history for our small children. The paper is thick, and it is quite colorful. This is a new map with countries that I've never heard of before! Who new that Canada is now its own country? (I'm kidding).


1478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice kit for watercolor painting; everything you need.
2244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an outstanding bookmark...perfect for the wolf lover
So it seems to be a natural fit to have Evernote Moleskines. So, what are you getting and how do they fit in with your standard workflow?
  * Slot provided type
I received a free or low-cost sample in exchange for my honest review.

Each book begins with a dramatic event-- the attack on a mission ("Junipero Serra"); the discovery of "Ishi", the last of the Yani Indians ("Indian Nations"), the myth of a land of gold ruled by Queen Califa ("Exploration of California", and so on The books are short, but there is a lot of information, well presented. There is a lot of effort to include women and girls when possible, including as illustrations.
3826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Are you still scooping out rice with a wooden spoon, and without a chuckle?
6980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item was purchased for a Christmas gift.  It lives up to the Cross product reliability.  The person that received the gift loved it and was very happy to have it.
9861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GOOD QUALITY AND WORKS AS INTENDED
5017	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The quality of this note book is excellent.
9287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it

7264	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	its paper, duh
5207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have never been able to keep a journal for more than a few days before I stop writing.  However, with the Moleskine notebook, I'm enjoying writing in it so much that I'm writing entries several times a day for the following reasons:  (1) The size:  This is a small notebook, only 3-1/2 x 5-1/2 inches.  I do not feel overwhelmed by writing enough to fill the page like I did in a standard size journal.  It is just the right size to fit into a purse.  (2) The quality of the paper is outstanding.  I use a Monte Blanc pen and it glides over the pages and does not bleed through to the other side.  (3) The hard cover makes an excellent board to support my writing.
7175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the best paper available
9279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like it. very smooth. expected size and quality.
1752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Obviously.  It's cats doing yoga poses.  it's amazing.  you should get it!
3494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't live without this. I have so many skin sensativities that this is the best for me.
1566	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really good all around spray, I got it for a tick infestation... 6 months later, still no ticks!
I like that I can review previous calculations and edit my calculation to change an error or change a variable. The pink color is a bonus.

1385	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ordered the one for this year and loved it so much, ordered the one for 2015.
2128	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	EXCELLENT
951	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product, and very happy with purchase. Item is perfect and as expected. thank you

5575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful "mole-skin" quality.
1042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We used this book to make games for literacy night at school. It is worth the purchase.
3558	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	dishwasher safe, great water bottle.
1910	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wife liked it as a gift. Enough said.
8728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product fast shipping!
3509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a good Japanese style vegetable knife and was pleased to see the positive reviews for this very affordable knife - so I tried it and have ended up using this more than any other knife I own. It is so nice for chopping broccoli and root veggies.  I absolutely love it.  It is as good as any German or Japanese pricey knife I own.  I don't think you will regret this purchase!
3313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful note cards!
6445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the size of these tabs!
7591	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	BUGGA IS CHERRY!!!
  Transparent Contact Paper Quality Labels Included as Bonus for Organization of Journal.
5801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic paper quality in a handy little book for drawing or painting outdoors. The paper is thick but the grain is fairly fine, so it's good for ink as well as watercolor or gouache.
They age nicely when in your back pocket for 3-4 months which is purely an aesthetic reason I like them.
I was new to water brushes and was using them on regular paper, which wasn't a good idea, at least not for me. I got the paper too wet and tore holes in it. I had to use watercolor paper, and then they worked beautifully.

I'm happy to say that this particular Moleskine has no paper quality issues. The paper is an off-white, smooth, 90gsm product that just loves fountain pens. Bleeding is non-existent and show-through is very minimal. I can finally write on both sides of the paper with my wettest pens. The difference in paper quality between this journal and the standard Moleskine sizes is like night and day.
There is a second use to which the City Notebook can be put to use, though it is not one for which it was primarily designed.  You could use it for the city in which you live, should you live in one of the cities for which one is made.  I live, for instance, in Chicago.  I have bought one of these so that I can over time use it to record every bit of helpful information that I might find useful or helpful.  I can record what hours the Seminary Co-Op Bookstore (the real one, not the trade version on 57th Street) is open.  The hours for the Chicago Public Library and the Newberry Library.  Phone numbers of restaurants and addresses of bars.  And so on and so forth.  Granted, these books will only benefit those who live in one of those cities, but for the U.S. New York, Chicago, Boston, Washington D.C., Seattle, San Francisco, and Los Angeles are pretty populated areas.
2259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute little page magnets. Great for a place marker.
8099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator has gotten me out of more sticky situations on math tests than any amount of studying, programming, or use of any other calculator ever could. Really.
3403	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I thought it was odd that I had to cut apart the numbers.  Other than that, it's well made.
9598	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this calculator mainly to use in taking a financial exam.  It is extremely helpful and efficient in calculating all sorts of time value problems.
6456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised and what we wanted. This item is just as pictured. Most useful product that arrived promptly and in good condition.  Be nice to have a few blank tabs for addl markings

Since the cartridges aren't available in this town - but the bottled ink is - the ability to use either load format is a Godsend. The converter - which screws in securely to the nib section, and draws up ink with its screwing piston - is a "sturdy" plastic, not a "rottable" rubber like the pens of yesteryear.
4906	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These notebooks are awesome! Soft covers, the paper inside is great! I will buy more moleskin products in the future!
4893	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Classic Moleskine, well made, and the perfect size for your handbag.

It's helped me through AP Calc, Calc II, Calc III, Differential Equations, Advanced Engineering Math, SATs, GREs, Fundamentals of Engineering exam for EIT certification, and etc...
8204	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
3678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice pattern.  I've had Oneida products before.  They are very good quality and very durable.  We currently have a silverware drawer full of mix and match cheaply made silverware that's falling apart (bending, breaking, and chipping).  We were down to only 2 serving spoons that were no more than tablespoons a a hair longer handle.  Took forever to dish anything up.  So it was time to go in search of new serving spoons.  I knew that Oneida is a good brand (costs more than I remember, but prices have gone up on everything over the years).  I like the Louisiana pattern.  It's VERY nice.  I didn't have ANY slotted serving spoons at all so this is really nice to finally have one.  Not too plain, not too fancy and definitely more durable than what I had before.  Now I need to get the rest of the set so everything matches.  I would definitely recommend this.
326	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The price on this was amazing and it is just a cute little notebook for leaving by the phone or anywhere you need to jot something down.  Perfect pocket size for taking shopping.
4068	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got these spoons for a gift and my Aunt liked them so much she ordered them for her sister.
354	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kids love to look at a map.  This hangs on the wall in the playroom.  It's inexpensive enough that I am not concerned about damaging, so long as they aren't trying to be destructive.  My three kids play "travel the country" (a game they made up) all the time, using this map.  Not really sure what they're doing, but they're having fun and I here little tidbits about states and cities, rivers, mountains, etc.  so it's a win :)
6542	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this planner after having tried and loved the smaller stitched binding version last year. I needed just a little more room and this planner delivers. I am a stay at home schooling mom who has a busy schedule with three children, a husband as well as my own pursuits to constantly keep up with. I need to keep up with the details of our school, activities, ministry, service and appointments, but most days I operate most effectively with a to do list.
5172	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this notebook

3497	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this through HD not amazon, but recently purchased some bits through amazon so thought I would share my thoughts about this drill. Similar sentiments to other reviewers. About the most powerful rotary hammer you will find with 15amps, have had this for about 3 years now and used on several occasions and has performed flawlessly. Drilled about 200 3/4" x 4-5" holes for concrete anchors and this drill made cake of it. Recently used it with a 6"x25" scraper to remove 1500sq ft of the hardest glue down carpet+pad I have ever come across. Drilling through brick you have to be careful or it will pound it into oblivion (i.e. big chips will break off and may crack bricks) but when holding light pressure works great. Haven't had need to push the hole size drilled over 1 3/4" and haven't needed to core drill any big holes but I am sure it wouldn't have too much trouble there either. For it's size and power, it is not a heavy tool-but be warned that this is a heavy duty tool so it does weigh about 20+lbs with bit loaded. Case is huge-think your standard drill plastic molded case on steroids-but it does the job protecting your investment in this tool. I also like that it comes with a couple handles so you can mix and match what you need depending on the job. The torque limiting and anti-vibe features make it usable by even relative novices-you won't get cracked in leg or come close to breaking a wrist with these features (although I would still familiarize yourself with this tool and its power before using it for anything you don't want to accidentally pulverize as it may get away from you). Overall very happy with this beast.
4120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm currently a busy college student, and often created my own "to do" lists in a similar format such as this, but they were crude hand drawings. I'm only in my second week of a new term and this pad has been invaluable. It feels a little wasteful that these are single sided pages, but I use the backs of them to take more detailed notes of class procedures and online instructions.
I bought my boyfriend a white ruled journal, also from the classic collection, and the covers jut out just a bit longer than the pages themselves.
9984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
6220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the moleskine sketchbooks. The paper is smooth and great for color pencil and thick enough for watercolor.. I only wish they would offer them in white paper in addition to the beige color.
1788	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very cute book, but I think it's a little expensive for what it is.
267	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Eventually after several erases the board doesn't seem to erase as easily and cleaner must be used to get the shadows from previous writing off.

9799	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This arrived just in time to make a fun Lilypad Leap game for our Halloween block party.  It was easy to load, easy to use, and worked great.  I don't plan on using it for much beyond the craft table, but it's perfect for that.  My husband is excited about it as well, but he hasn't used it for anything yet.  I hope to redo the fabric on the kitchen chairs soon!
933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comes packaged in a tube, rolled up. Quality is great. Exactly what I was expecting. Is NOT laminated if that is what you are looking for.
4567	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a way to have my file folders nearby for the work I do most and my office space ia very small as it's in my bedroom. I tried those stackable plastic ones and every time I backed up my chair, I'd bang the plastic file and the hooks on the back would break so the "stackable" units would fall off one by one; I started out with 8 and was down to 2!  I accidentally ran across these on Amazon and thought I'd give them a try and they are PERFECT for my needs. I hung two of them on the wall using "Command" plastic hooks (BTW, the large ones are too big, ripped the grommets right out). I put the hooks up and let them dry for 24 hours and then hung them on the wall right beside me. They hold standard file folders in 10 "pockets"; I filled them both up with even 3 or 4 folders iin a pocket, depending on the size and it works great. Not everyone would want bright blue and bright red fabric on their walls, but this sysem is inexpensive, does not scratch your walls and takes up no rooms at all. It's a real find for anyone with limited filing space who needs to be able to refer to files quickly and easily. Although meant for school kids, I find it perfect for my needs and the colors brighten up the dark corner where my desk is. Hey Carson Dellorosa, think about advertising these for home offices, etc. with limited space and use more "traditional" colors. There's a whole market out there that you're not targeting!  You have my undying recommendation.

5461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best notebooks ever. Nothing compares to a Moleskine. And I love purple :)
8029	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	While this product comes in more interesting paper types--and heavier card stock--this is clearly the preferred card style for home card makers.  Vastly superior to their quarter-fold counterparts, half-fold cards are  what you'll usually find commercially in card shops.  Though they do fold  to a somewhat larger-than Hallmark (tm) size, the after-folding allignment  is dead-on, and you have more room to express yourself.  If approximating  the look and feel of a 'real' store-bought card is important to you,  therefore, go with this format.  However, I'm partial to more textured  card-stocks--Hewlett Packard makes an excellent 'felt' ivory--so I have to  drop the rating for this one down a star for its white blandness.
6827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect


I use it also on a weekly basis to carry lesson & Bible to church ...
[Rate] [Tax-]
9059	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good quality.
A tip on using reverse Polish notation: I am right handed, so I learned to use the 12-C left handed by touch. That way, I can write with my right hand or point out things to the client sitting on my right, and get my calculations of monthly payment or NPV done (almost) in the background.

1577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It seems that in our house the teaspoons seem to go the way of the missing socks. I suppose some day we'll find a stash one of the dogs has put somewhere with about 1000 socks and spoons. Anyway, the solution was simple - buy more spoons. These are great and fit right in with our originals (though a bit more shiny). The 18/10 designation means they are a better alloy which should hold up longer and the weight and feel is just a bit different (better) than the ones we have had for years. Shipping from the seller was quick.
9247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Obviously these are my fave mouse pads. They last forever, I mean 10+ years, easy. I only replace due to wear and tear or additional PC.
It is important to equip the book for your use. I keep a reduced 3-year calender in the front. In the back flap I keep a small ruler, a couple of business cards and some reduced charts for use. I cut the ruler from my old day runner ruler.
9840	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what I was looking for. Works great in my label printer!
4267	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This journal was nice. Materials seemed of good quality. Solid build. I think the quality to price ratio is perfect. This was meant to be a gift and I was not disappointed.
4.  Texas Instruments is constantly adding to the number of applications you can get, some for free, some for purchase.  My favorites include: Poly Solver, Probability Simulation (you can draw from a deck of cards or roll dice).  Also Detached Solutions has several applications such as symbolic math (in its first stages).
One thing she mentioned is that while the balloons are printed on healthy card stock, she felt they could be used for years if they are laminated.  This could be a good idea in a classroom setting with younger kids who might be touching them often.
The pocket size (3.5 in by 5.5 in)just doesn't have enough space, and if I cram it, the writing is too hard on the eyes. This one, the large book is about 8 in by 5 in, and much more comfortable to write in and read, while not being excessively bulky.
7619	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	In use for just a week, it operates pretty much as expected. Still getting used to a slightly different arrangement of function keys from the 30-yr model that finally gave up. Good action to the keys, so far no input errors due to touch. Only "Con" that bugs me is that the display will not show the end "0" (as in $22.40) in a calculation result. It will appear as 22.4. Likewise, if you add (like) 11.50 plus 10.50, the result will be displayed as 22 (no zeros). There is no control button or switch to change this, so you just have to pay attention to where the decimal point is. One reviewer noted that this calculator tends to "skate" around on a smooth surface as keys are punched - a correct observation and due to only two small rubber feet at the underside front. I solved this annoyance by adding rear rubber "feet", using 3/8" rubber drawer bumpers with adhesive backs.
5007	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like this planner. I usually prefer a monthly and daily format, but this works well to help me stay on top of what I would like to get done each day. I do use google calendar for everything else, so if I wasn't doing hat I wouldn't get this calendar. It's just not big enough.
6834	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	beautiful pen, bad nib.  not smooth and it leaks when shaken.
9190	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this mouse pad.  I had carpal tunnel surgery last year and this feels fabulous when I'm on the computer.  I highly recommend.
1011	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this product.
6657	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I wish I had known how small these were. I can't even read them. I bought them specifically for my large print bible.  Nowhere did it say how small they were. I'd need a magnifying glass to see them. If you don't want small print, move on. Now I have to go buy another set. I'll donate these to the church. The product itself is good though. Just poor advertising on the part of the seller. For this, I have to lower the rating so people will read this and be wary.
5349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I haven't used the smart notebook a lot yet but so far it is great. I like the over-all structure of the notebook because it very durable and it has clean look. The did notice when I use the camera to capture and save a page it always turns it sideways. I like the size because it is easy to carry and I plan on trying the next size down also. They are a little pricy.
2566	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This laminated 30"x46" National Geographic world map is really beautiful and the colors and size are perfect for the main wall in our home office in our Tuscan styled home.  I highly recommend it!  The price is less than on the maker's website, and it arrived in 2 days thanks to Amazon Prime.  The map has a nice heavy lamination on front and back and it arrived in perfect condition, rolled, wrapped in a custom plastic sleeve, and shipped inside a very sturdy cardboard tube with packing material in the end of the tube.  We have unwrapped and rerolled it twice now, putting it back in the tube easily each time.  Now we want to have it framed with foamboard behind it and without glass, to use pushpins to show our travels. Our only question at this point relates to the custom framing, and we will follow up here when we see how that works out.  The framer (at Hobby Lobby) thinks it should be dry-mounted, since there will not be glass to hold the map flat, and they don't have mats large enough for it, but they expressed concern about the success of dry-mounting it because of the lamination.  We are trying to get advice/feedback from different sources regarding the framing, but if we do not get that, we expect to proceed with trying the dry-mounting since the map is so inexpensive , especially compared to the cost of framing it, and we could buy a replacement if the heat of the dry-mount process ruins the laminated map.  It appears the map is also available without lamination directly from National Geographic, so that is a possibility if we have to replace it, but I prefer buying through Amazon and love the price here.
- The thought-out detail of having only the handle be thick and the remainder thin makes it easier to get the spoon inside a tight jar as well.

If you are reading a variety of books and want something to carry in your purse or backpack, I highly recommend this Moleskine to book clubs and all readers.

6627	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for meetings
8925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works fine!
7649	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for a long time now and it works really well. The numbers are big enough to see without my glasses and it's easy to clean. A good buy.
I bought 10. I hope to NEVER run out.
It has a satin chrome look rather than shiny chrome look, which could be ok I guess, but it just somehow looks cheap.  Personally I love the Century Medallion or Century Black with Chrome touches.  Rather than return this one I'll keep it for use as a backup, give the price.  Caveat Emptor.
6417	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this kit, but I find I don't actually use it.  Just a cheap set that you can get for a buck or two elsewhere.
1870	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these at work.  They are thicker and heavier that standard manila folders and way more colorful.  These folders hold up to multiple uses.  A great price for a good product.
764	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a phenomenal source for helping middle schoolers pick out the important parts of non-fiction.
4591	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Should've paid attention to their size description. Much smaller than I figured, but I also was imagining ones I had as a child. They'll work though. My kid will get use out of them.
9073	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little pad has served it's purpose. It is well made.
7518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived earlier than I expected. It also it great for school

6561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great planner. High-quality build, too.
4441	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable decorative border!
4843	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I wish I could give a 5 star review. I love Moleskine, and the watercolor album is great. The pages don't show through with watercolor or ink. The paper has a bit of a 'tooth' to it, so it is fantastic for watercolor. I don't recommend it for sketching or ink work because the texture can cause a 'wiggle' in your mark making. But overall it's great for watercolor and I like the fact that it is bound on the top edge of the book. I am taking a star away just because my book came with loose stitching on one page, so that the page fell out when I opened it the first time. The other pages are fine, it was just one page, but it was the first page in the book!


The book cover is black, has a nice feel, stiff cover,  just right and it sits flat. It opens in landscape fashion so I guess some folks find it difficult to hold and sketch or paint with that..but I'm very happy with it. I have the large and small. They're nice and I'll stick with Moleskine in the future.
2478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Carson Dellosa products are reliable and durable for bulletin boards.  I take them down and reuse, tape, staple, paper clip - they withstand several uses and make our home school room fun!
If you want it quick and easy, though, do get these Avery greeting cards.  The envelopes are included, and the card paper is already half folded, so there's no struggle in getting the card folded just right.  The photos I printed on these cards looked almost as good as the photos printed on matte photo paper.  I used 10 of these Avery cards to make a stationery set for friends.  I printed photos of their dogs on the front of the cards, and left the insides blank for "newsy" notes.  Since the envelopes in this pack come bounded in two sets of ten, that worked out quite well.  I included one of the envelope sets with the cards, and had a very nice Christmas gift for my friends. I don't think the included envelopes are quite as nice as the Columbian ones, but they certainly will do. Also, when making a quarter card, while folding the half card in half, the card tore in half!  So, you might want to watch out for that, or get quarter card paper for your smaller cards.  Making greeting cards on the computer is lots of fun, and Avery makes it simple with these half-fold greeting cards!

3545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice colors and cute foxes! Perfect for a fox birthday!
9112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	mouse pad...
7897	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good, I like it!
8010	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	still working
3034	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Warning - do not give this item as a gift to a pre-teen daughter.
8142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My High schooler needed a calculator for geometry and this worked perfectly. It's well lit and easy to read. Has all the function that is needed.

The not-so-good:
9001	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Caused severe shoulder pain. Would not recommend. I wasn't sure the pain I started experiencing the day after using this was caused by this mouse pad, so my S/O tried using it and within 4 hours started having shoulder stiffness and pain. I believe it raises your wrist too high.



1246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for office.
If cost is a problem, buy the 10K, it's mechanically the same, just a slightly lighter color and has a thicker black band at the top.  Of course, a Cross connoisseur knows them apart, so if you want to impress the connoisseur, then shell out the extra bucks to get the 14K.  The good part is that you'll spend that money only once, unless you lose it or it's stolen.

3757	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My Amcor portable ac died 2 weeks ago, so I ordered this one after reading reviews on many different brands. This was the best priced for the features & I had owned a Haier window ac that I absolutely LOVED. We have been having a cool snap of weather so, I haven't been able to fully test it. The installation was easy since I already had a board cut the size of my window- it's a casement window & the kit supplied won't work in casement windows. I panicked when I first plugged it in and there was nothing lighting up,-after 3 pushes on the reset button on the cord, finally a pretty blue light came on indicating it had electricity- a good start, I pressed cool & freezing cold air came out right away. I haven't had any days over 75 degrees yet, so-I'm hoping it works as well as the one I bought it to replace. My amcor, cooled 3 HUGE connected rooms- living room 17x15 dinning room 15x15 & kitchen 12x10, 2 of which have a huge cathedral cieling! One plus I noticed right away- It is TWICE as quiet as my Amcor was.



3704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well and keeps corks from flying.

651	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	My professor made us buy one of these and I don't believe it was worth it.  It has very limited functionality and, for the price, I don't think it adds much to the classroom experience.

323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought it as a cart stuffer. cause my wife thought it was cute. It's paper that you write on and it works for that purpose. Does not work as a remote-control, or any other electronic device.
969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXACTLY what I was looking for! I love all things travel, and I've been wanting a map to hang in my room for a few years now. It's taken me forever to find one as large as I would like that doesn't cost a fortune, or that isn't a decal that will have to be thrown out once you remove it from it's original placement. The colors are perfect, as they'll easily match a variety of room styles and I'll be able to continue using it even after I purchase new bedding/decor. It does come rolled up in a tube, so you'll want to lay it flat with heavy books or something on it in order to stop the map from curling back up or rolling.
7170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works as I wanted, great!

6292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality and durable for my needs as a bullet journal. I've stuffed it with notes, stickers, and washi tape. It opens flat so that I can keep it open on my desk.
1530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old son loves it. It seems sturdy, comfortable, and easy to clean.
7743	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This review is for the SECOND version of this calculator, the slightly-larger, grey, BLACK and white model, with a rounded "mound" housing the keypad.  I had actually ordered the older model -- the light-grey model, with the blue and white keys, slightly smaller, which I had had previously, but sadly lost.  I had considered returning this newer model, but finally decided against it, as it is now listed as being discontinued by the manufacturer, so -- if I returned the newer one I did get, I very well might have gotten the same model back..........
842	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	"Sgt. Pepper" is arguably the Beatles most recognized album. Released in 1967 at the peak of the 'hippy/flower power' movement, it combined art with music in a way that no album had previously done. From the way upbeat, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" to the surreal, somewhat somber, "A Day In The Life", every song is a classic. The sound is what makes this album amazing. George Martin and his son remastered and remixed several songs for the "Love" album. This same remarkable remastering has revitalized "Sgt. Pepper's" to an unbelievable clarity. Mixed with an array of sound effects, the remastering not only enhances the instruments and vocals, but brings all those art/music sound effects throughout the album to a vivid height. It's really remarkable how great this album sounds.
2182	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great buy!
4770	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my purse!
8147	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's been at least 18 years since I've bought a ready-made greeting card. There are 28 people in my family, and making, rather han buying adds up to a huge saving. My 13 grandkids and 4 great grands love that they are each personalized since I always incorporate a photo of him or her.. I'm told they never throw them away after the occasion.
Downfall is the binding is weak and bends easily but I took it to a local staples and had them rebind it for $1.43.  This was not even enough of a big deal for me to knock a star off!!!
I received the case in exchange for my review.  If I notice any defects or problems with it in the future I will update this review but for now, I'm satisfied with the quality, function, and construction of the case.



175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	10 year old daughter loves to read and some of her favorite books are Ever After High series so she requested this one too
9007	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Helps wonderfully with my wrist.
2025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank !+++++
5672	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic notebook! I love the color and it is great Moleskin quality.
6367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are one of the best highlighters I have ever used. I mostly like the fact that they do not bleed through the pages.
9803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There isn't a lot to say - and that's a very good thing.  This has worked perfectly for me every time, and works as intended, easily driving staples into wood with little effort or error, and no jams.  No fancy ergonomic design, but still plenty easy to use.  Is it "heavy duty" enough for, say, a contractor using it every day in rough use?  I don't know, I ain't that contractor.  But for more ordinary use I don't see a need for much more.
1390	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calendar is not only very functional the photographs are of places we've been to. Of all the calendars I've purchased the past few years, this is my favorite. Karen Hogan
1438	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a financial advisor, I used this information daily for over 25 years.  At the time, I had a wealth of resources available to me, making the financial calculations quite easy.  Now retired, I was looking for a convenient "cheat sheet" that I could keep by my desk as I evaluate my own personal finance situation.  This six page guide is one of the most comprehensive low cost tools that I have ever used. It is well organized, easy to read, and simple to use.  I now carry it with me in a portfolio I use almost daily, and would not want to be without it.  Does it do everything my financial calculator can do? No, of course not.  It does, however, meet my needs most of the time.  As a member of several investment groups, it helps answer a lot of questions, enough so I need not carry my HP 12c with me all the time. Highly recommended.
But let me be clear! They are not Rite in the Rain tough, so don't go out explorin' with one of these in your back pocket.
8516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Light enough to carry around without adding a bunch of weight to an already heavy book bag. Like the bright color so there's no confusing whose calculator is whose!! I may just order another for spare since the price was so reasonable.
6185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was my first experience with Moleskine's soft cover products back when I bought it. I found it to be a joy to use. The cover's flexibility was a welcome change from the rigid hard covers. Sometimes, with hard covers, it feels like you have to fight with the cover a little bit. This removes that problem.
6157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product, construction on notebook is awesome. Will buy more after I run out of pages
UPDATE ON 9-23-14:  Someone asked a question on the review page about the big orange label on the front.  It is, in fact, a sticker, and it peels right off, leaving no residue behind.  Once the sticker is gone, you'll be left with just the floral print as the cover design.
90	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice large cover, bought it to cover a very large ESV study bible&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-ESV-Study-Bible/dp/1433502410/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The ESV Study Bible</a>&nbsp;and it works great. Tried several other covers and they wouldn't fit.

4. Included are 4 pages of stickers for marking up your notes. These can be used to help with tagging your notes.
As a bonus, It looks cool as hell, professional and s***.
2850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great stocking stuffer kids love it


3155	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a sturdy wall chart that is perfect for sentence strips or small note cards.  I use it to display classroom jobs for 6 high school classes.  It fits 6 small note cards longways + one half of a small note card.
On top of all that it is dishwasher-safe and great WMF quality. What is not not love?

It has nothing to do with the Amazon's shipping times--which shouldn't be mentioned in product reviews at all--or a need to troll people for liking them so much. If the notebook works for you and you love it, that's awesome. And I used to be one of those people. My Moleskine in filled with story notes, front to back.

2037	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for our grand daughters who are voracious little readers. This is a product you don't know you need until you use it. There is a ring for your thumb and on each side , there is a plastic extension to hold the book's pages down. There are 3 per package. I wish I had thought of this first.
379	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good, it's a huge size thing tho
I received these brushes at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review, and I think they're really nice at a great price.
2. Gimmickry. Rather than provide us with a bunch of silly stickers with symbols and exclamations, how about making the books more flexible by including blank, color-coded stickers that we can self label to organize our books? The provided stickets just ratchet up the cost of production with little value added.
6738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
5161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this small notebook for a shooting log because it is small enough to keep in a pocket or a shooting bag. I have always liked the moleskin notebooks and think they are just perfect for the price. This would also be handy for anyone trying to create in IdeaPad.
7100	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it is ok and it works
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zondervan-Olive-green-bible-cover-w-Compass-Medium/dp/0310806607/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zondervan Olive green bible cover w/Compass Medium</a>&nbsp;- Recommended for Scout Handbooks including spiral bound
7617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a calculator.
7394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nothing special about this calculator just a cheap standard version and that was all that was required, so it fit the bill for Math class. Good first step calculator which could help a student familiarize themselves better with with the usage and operation of calculator. Student's are going to need to be ready when those harder High School classes appear.
8329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price and works great.
It delivers on all aspects of what it says it will do.
7350	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It is difficult to purchase these typewriter cartridges locally.  These ribbons are working just fine for us.  I would purchase from this vendor again in the future.
1992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works well
Opened it up to the 'A's" & put in my password info......turned the page to the next section & all of the pages fell out!!!!!
3216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So glad I purchased this for classroom storage. It's sturdy, roomy, just the right size for most of my posters, and I love that it's clear.
5055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Moleskine, I'm not done with the first one (a gift, in black) but I didn't want a day to pass without being able to write on one. It's classy, the pages are thick enough. By now it's a tradition, a cheap luxury that's easy to enjoy: I'll always have a Moleskine in use.
681	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is such a lovely binder for collecting recipes. With all of the online recipe sites it's nice to have an old-fashioned standby for collecting. This binder is filled with inserts that divide into different sections (fruits & vegetables, breads & pasta, etc) There are blank pages in every section for you to write your own recipes on, and each divider has a pocket where you can slide pages or cards. The inside of the binder has general cooking information with conversion charts. This would make a lovely bridal shower gift alongside some pantry staples. Also a good way to collect family recipes. Very nice.
8165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived timely and as described.
I'm surprised, indeed shocked, to see quite a few negative reviews for this staple gun. It is built right in my opinion, and my old one never gave a hint of trouble in 10 years of use. I've only had this new one for a month or so now, but it too is functioning flawlessly. This is not a staple gun for sissies or for doing lightweight paper/cork/styrofoam craft projects. It is for house construction and such, and requires a good bit of muscle to operate. It came with some 5/16" long staples, but I needed longer for a home repair project I used it for, so I have some 9/16" long staples on hand here. Just before writing this review, and because I read so many complaints here, I took and drove about 50 of those long ones into a poplar plank I had handy. Poplar is not a heck of a hard wood, but it is technically a "hardwood" and a lot harder than white pine or similar. If I held the staple gun solidly against the wood using both hands, it easily knocked those 9/16" staples in flush... no sweat. Since the staple legs are flat, it can make a difference if you are driving them "with" or "across" the wood grain. This gun drove them in flush either way. I was actually a little surprised at the power of it, myself. With such long staples you do need that second hand to keep the gun from recoiling away from the surface; that's just common sense.

You can already see the importance of this album, and I haven't even discussed the song selection yet.  What's to say, really, when every single track is a classic?  The title track gets the music off to a rousing start before bridging smoothly into With a Little Help From My Friends featuring Ringo on lead vocals.  Then you have John's remarkable Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds.  Paul jumps out front on Getting Better, Fixing a Hole, and She's Leaving Home, followed up by John on Being For the Benefit of Mr. Kite.  The next track is the most unusual song on the album: George Harrison's Within You Without You.  At first, this song - with its Oriental, psychedelic sound - doesn't seem to fit in with the surrounding songs, but all it takes is a couple of listens to see just how important the track is to the album itself.  Next comes Paul with the jaunty When I'm Sixty-Four, followed by Lovely Rita, the most entertaining and enjoyable song on the album in my opinion.  After John says Good Morning, Good Morning, the band is back for a reprise of the title track and an encore of sorts in the form of A Day in the Life, a particularly unusual track that changes drastically in terms of sound and singer midway through.
4216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these and my kids love them. Thanks!

6341	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
895	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	what can i say, it is a map of the U.S.A. from National Geographic.
Now I use this product AND I also now wear long pants, a long sleeve shirt, and gloves, and I'm very careful to not wipe my face while working.  As soon as I'm done working I take a hot shower and scrub like crazy, and I wash all my clothes in very hot water.  Before I wasn't nearly as careful.
7906	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
Did I mention that I hate math!?  What does one do when one hates math, but still needs to do it in spades?  Buy a calculator of course, but not just any calculator I needed a calculator cable of doing complex mathematics including graphing equations.  My very first course called for a Texas Instruments "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator."

9282	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this has made the biggest difference using my mouse for gaming on the lapad.  can do it a lot longer with one of these.  thanks
9151	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good design. Works great. Good delivery
I hope this review is helpful to you. Please leave a comment with suggestions on what else would have been good to report in helping you with a purchasing decision.  Thanks.
5325	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Evernote is a wonderful company and I use it almost everyday on my cellphone, tablet and laptop. The 3 free months of the premium version makes this notebook one fo the most inexpensive in the entire Moleskine line. However the problem that I have with this and all other hard cover moleskine notebooks is that the quality is not good at all. The paper has detached from the backing on every single one that I've had. Moleskine does a good job marketing and has a cult following but it hasn't stood the test of time. The softcover notebooks by moleskine are great but there is no evernote version in softcover. So at the writing of this review it's just under $21 dollars, if you factor in the 3 free months of Evernote premium that comes with it that would take the price down to $6. If you're willing to take the chance it's not a bad deal but with the possibility of it falling apart half way through it's life cycle I've personally decided to go with the Leuchtturm 1917 Notebook instead. It's much higher quality, has index pages, archival stickers and heavier paper that is string bound rather than glued in.
3888	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cheap looking, but works great.  I expected it to look better and to be sturdier, but for the price it was worth it, just not a show piece, for sure.  But for the price, it is fine, for normal folks this will get the job down and not fall apart or bend.  If you are going to use it for 40 pound and up roasts and stuff, then you should spend more money and buy a commercial grade meat fork.

6227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these journals. Great paper texture. So classic and beautiful as far as journals go.

6411	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the option of highlighting just a thin line on the text or the entire passage (spaces and all) with these double tipped highlighters.  They also do not bleed through thin Bible pages or show through the other side of the page.
I got the white one, which was totally a good idea for an extra $2 or whatever it was. I've seen it laying around several times and thought "I wonder if I lost my calculator...?" and then I check my bookbag and it's totally mine. If you would prefer to not lose the one thing keeping you from having a breakdown in your math class, opt for one of the less common colors.
it.  I will definitely use this vedor again.  Fair price, fast shipping, and a great
1536	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These containers are great, I have trouble finding this size in stores so was very happy to find them on Amazon!  I have 3 dogs, 2 of them with stomach issues that require feeding them just the right amount at each meal.  I pre measure their food and store in the frig in these containers.  Regardless of what you use them for, I can tell you that they hold up well when repeatedly used and washed.  I've had some of these for several years and no cracked lids, so made well.  Worth the money for sure.
4651	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Excellent ink...love the price...one thing is, BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU'RE INSTALLING THEM!!! I have gotten non-removable ink all over my hands more than once, and if you're not careful it can also get on your carpet or furniture. But these ink cartridges are really worth it if you're careful! Once in, they work/last just as well as the name brands for a LOT less money
7381	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Functions perfectly
8709	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Comfortable, functional. Had to leave it outside overnight to get the smell off it, but that was the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.

Calc.  but I love this TI-36XPro calculator and plan to learn how to use it.
23	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful Product!!!
All in all, the set of songs on this CD reflects incredible talent, thought and hard work by The Beatles. A must have for any rock fan who especially likes the 60's sounds as well as of course for a Beatles `fan. Enjoy it! GRIN
1599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I BOUGHT THE CREAMER, SUGAR HOLDER, COFFEE AND TEA POTS.  THESE ARE STRONG AND STURDY ITEMS, THAT I WILL BE USING IN MY KITCHEN.
4028	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it helps stop the itch

129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great condition.
9874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very reasonable priced

7671	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's ten dollars worth of math.
4291	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a gift for a friend at work, I love it!  The color is a nice, rich red which I wasn't expecting.  The size is good, good quality for a good price.
The product description says to allow 3 - 4 additional days for delivery, but I received the product on the same day that I received other items ordered from Amazon at the same time.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes oven baked french fries, onion rings, chicken nuggets, fish sticks,.....
9360	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	It fell apart in a few months, had to buy another.
8086	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Too stiff!
8605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can you say? You have the fax machine. You need the film cartridge for it. Amazon had the best price by far. It does the job perfectly for those with occasional copying and faxing needs When the computer printer and a scanner won't do.
Not this year! This is the most lovely book! The cover is truly beautiful, and the paper is smooth and creamy and a joy to write on. After ordering, I noticed a lot of styles of books - date books, journals, address books, etc - and have bookmarked them for gifts (and to myself, next year about this time!).
Too big for a pocket (maybe an overcoat pocket would accommodate it), but a useful size - small notebooks and I don't mix well. I also find that I need a second book of the same design as a rest when the book is new-ish in order to lay the left-hand page I'm writing on on a flat, even surface. Hard covers lessen the problem of course, but every time I use one of these I'm tempted to just use the right-hand page and flip it over when I get to the end of the book 8o).
3921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product
9689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace a calculator I was given at work.  The unit my employer provides rounds off  its calcuations. It also has a switch marked "5/4" for which no one seems to know the purpose.  In other words its "user friendly".
93	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Handsome Bible cover, thick, strong, durable.  Best Bible jacket I have ever owned.
3148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect posters to sum up the parts of speech.  I will place the big one on the wall to stay and the smaller ones can be used during specific lessons.
5019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks. I've been using them for work for many years with a Leuchtturm Pen Loop. They look professional and sober. The paper is very smooth, which makes it easy to write on and will make your handwriting look good regardless of what you write with!

4020	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this, LOVE Sistema, own several of these, heat anything and everything in them.
7723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for the classroom. Easy to use and durable.
1) Buy this OEM cartridge, not some third-party cheapo one.  Unless you print hundreds of pages a month, this cartridge should last at least a year.  That's pretty good for $75.
5647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  I have a small daily planner and the cover has pockets.  I slip one of these into the pocket and voila!  I have a notebook dedicated to a specific topic/meeting.  I specifically used one of them to record medical advice, etc. when visiting the doctor.  All the recommendations and follow-up are in one spot for easy reference.  Nice thick paper.  No pen bleed through and I used a fountain pen.
2929	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the type A organized person!
I definitely recommend this product!
The two pound (yes, it is heavy, kind of) TI-83 Plus features a non-backlit 64x96 pixel grey scale LCD screen that is frankly hard to read unless the lighting is exactly right.  But the LCD display can display graphs and tables on a full as well as split-screen.  And the display exhibits up to (12) characters and eight lines.  The calculator can graph/trace equations while scrolling through table values.  And the TI-83 Plus can store and analyze up to 10 equations.
3029	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have these at work! Everybody loves them. When it's late at night we'll pass them out to each other.
8352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Your best friend in Calc 1 and up

9628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hard to write 20 works on sometime as simple as this. Item is as listed and received quickly so what else is needed to say.
2.  Applying acrylic ink and painting:  The sketchbook page being worked on will warp, if acrylic ink and painting are used liberally.  (Extrapolation based on my experience with acrylics:  The same problem will be encountered by applying watercolor.)  This is not a big deal, if you are using this sketchbook to experiment and to play around.  However, if you want to do polished works using acrylics, look for something heavier.
3905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this binder.  It is small enough to slide into my laptop case, has an inside zippered compartment, a large pocket for carrying multiple 8.5 x 11 inch pads of papper, a 3 ring binder, and a large outside pocket.
  * Height
Not a whole lot to say here. It's a square grid ruled notebook with the standard bungee closure and storage pocket in the back. Notebook lays flat and is easy to write in on uneven surfaces. The paper holds ink very well and doesn't bleed through the pages (using a Uni-ball Jetstream). This is my go-to notebook for all purposes... note taking, grocery lists, reminders, it even acts as my planner. Love Moleskin products.
7614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality calculator.  Price was excellent.  Can't beat it.
8238	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I tried printing photo greeting cards on this paper with two different printers - an Epson Artisan 810 and an HP OfficeJet 6500A - and had a very positive experience with both. In the past, I have had greeting card papers jam or refuse to feed unless the paper goes in from the top, but I had no difficulties with either printer in this case. The colors were a bit richer coming from the Epson printer, and I'm sure it's because that printer utilizes six ink cartridges and is designed more specifically for photo printing. However, the results were very close, and I was very happy with the prints from both machines. Colors are bright and clear, and the details are sharp. The cards have a nice feel to them and the scoring in the middle of the sheets make them very easy to fold cleanly and evenly. With the matte finish, the ink is dry and okay to handle as soon as the prints come out of the printer. I'm very happy with this paper and would buy it again for gifts and my own personal use.
3413	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect for labeling cubbies
5126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine! You complete me!  All of their products (haven't used the writing products) are excellent in both quality and aesthetics.  The A4 edition is perfect - at work it looks sleek and expensive, in the office it's functional with high quality paper and a pocket folder in the back.  The hardcover is nice because it keeps form, fits nicely in my bag, and is perfect to write against.
If these had worked and been a complete set, I would be thrilled as the quality and ease of installation was great.

9577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why anyone would take the risk of developing Carpal Tunnel when you could use this gel pad to help alleviate much of the pain.  Using this along with the keyboard version.  Cheap, easy solution for those who spend much of their time at work, using their mouse and keyboards.
1427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
5) Durable Construction - from the inside of the notebook to out, this thing is well constructed; plain and simple. I'll describe each detail: Paper/Binding/Cover
6503	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product is user friendly.  I love the guiding principles that are listed in the front of the organizer to help the consumer learn how to develop a plan of "action" to complete his/her goals.
238	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very tall border.  I use it to cover the rubber molding at the bottom of the walls in my classroom.
3514	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves her Minnie squirt bottle! She uses it everyday for school. I like be that it closes securely and doesn't leak. It is thicker plastic than I expected. Drops and throws do not lossen the top at all.
3120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!  This will be a great way to practice building sentences, using punctuation marks and capitals.  There are so many fun pictures
4056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	does the job

3343	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	wonderful experience!

91	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I walked through the pouring rain one Sunday, to discover that the cover protected my Urantia Book, William Sadler's definition book, my notebook and timer. Nothing was even damp. Great product.

5908	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really love this Moleskine Watercolor Journal! It's pretty great, I love the paper as well. It's really hardy.
Features from beginning of planner to end
7008	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This fits in the Day-Timer leather wallet. Balance is good and refills available in fine black at Amazon or in any office supply store.
I was HORRIFIED. It was so light and cheap, the two parts of the pen and pencil don't sit well together, the engraved "grip" mark is gone, its slipperly to the touch, and worse of all, NOT USA MADE. They're not the high quality pens they used to be.
4557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used Command hooks to hang this for organizing homeschool activities and it's perfect! Can't beat the price!
2812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So funny... Great way to lighten up the day
2416	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
756	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived promptly, no negative feedback from teacher at this time.
474	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for a map for a project with second graders. This was affordable, already laminated, and a great size for what we paid.
9634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have arthritis real bad.  I have had one of these for about 10 years and the cover over the gel pad has finally worn through.  I ordered and received this one and am a happy surfer again!

4873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Been using these journals for years.  They feel good and are perfect for my work.
5659	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The notebook is good quality, the flexible soft covers make it easy to keep in a pocket, and the color is great. Moleskine notebooks are a bit pricey, but, in my humble opinion, well worth it.
I purchased this and my husband hung it up for me in my classroom.  We used three very sturdy hooks similar to these&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Amertac-514WCC-Vinyl-Coated-Ceiling-Hooks-White/dp/B000BQYBL2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Amertac 514WCC Vinyl Coated Ceiling Hooks, White</a>.  I wanted to be sure that this hanging pocket chart could take the weight of thirty cell phones in it.  It works beautifully.  I did not use the cute little buckets that came with it.  The teacher next door calls her pocket chart "The Cell Phone Jail" so I went with that theme also.  I even printed out cute little Monopoly clipart to slide in the clear pockets.  There is "Free Parking" and "Go directly to jail, do not collect $200," "Pay the poor tax" (this one I joke the money all goes to me.  lol)  as well as cute Monopoly jail clipart.
9462	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I got this after in couple week gel pad is not as much look same when I bought. its gel looks like not holding.
- Bookmark. The cord bookmark is very useful, I can take out my notebook and be on today's page in a couple of seconds.
5599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been getting one of these planners every year for over a decade and can't imagine life without them.
9329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item delivered as expected.
Purchase 600 grain or finer sand paper at hardware store.  Tear off a small piece and sand the little "catches" on each side of the cover.  Don't overdue it because you can't reverse the process.  I did that and it slides on and off smoothly but still holds the cover on.
If you value quality in an inkjet paper, you simple can't go wrong with this choice.

I would pay full price for this. However, for full disclosure, I did purchased this item at a discounted rate for an unbiased review. Please see my other reviews to notice they are not always good reviews but always honest. Also please take a moment to click helpful if I was able to help you in any way in making an educated purchase!! If not, please comment so I can add what ever piece of info I forgot to list.

I gave this to a friend who was very interested in the system, and returned to a favorite paper-based system, backed up by my iPhone.

5084	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are such great notebooks. Very high quality and look it.  I'm on my third one.
2429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size, Just what I wanted. Prompt and fast delivery
,
8004	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great and very durable. I purchased this 4 years ago to use for my MBA, and I have since finished. I still keep this around to use since it works surprisingly well. It not very high tech, but the buttons are easy to press and it feels well built. I'm sure Ill keep this around for many years to come. You will be satisfied with the purchase.

- The moisture channeling from the lids is very much appreciated- everything I cook is definitely juicier.
3703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice bottle! Infuse water and fruit for a natural flavored beverage.  I'm not the best at getting the recommended glasses of water in daily, so I need all the help I can get.
8520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my daughter, as it was for school.  She uses it, and it helps her with her assignments, and hasn't failed her yet.
Disclaimer: I DID NOT RECIEVE this product at a discounted price or free in exchange for an honest review. Being someone who uses customer reviews to extensively guide my own amazon purchases, I review products honestly without being influence by discounts or price. My rating and review of this product would be what the current price listed and not at the discounted price that I was given. As a reviewer, I will happily answer any questions presented to me about this product.
3114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice product
9580	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	product is priced well and ships fast.  It does what is suppose to do and the gel has nice support.  I use this while sitting in the living room.
1379	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The color is bright, and they make my nieces drawings smell so good! Don't sniff the pens themselves; you'll just get a spotted nose.
and very visible and easy to locate.  ( bottom left of calculator).
8695	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this mouse pad; it's exceptionally comfortable, especially because of the wrist guard.
7610	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I much prefer this calculator over a TI 2-line-display one I bought around the same time. Primarily because the buttons are where I expect them to be from my experience using previous TI calculators. Also this one has the 1/x I use a lot... sometimes I divide two numbers the wrong way but my error becomes apparent as soon as I see the result... or I intentionally divide them the wrong way because the first number was arrived at by previous calculations... the 1/x button flips things around and saves me a lot of trouble. Leaving it off the 2-line model was dumb.
37	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient and durable.  It took a long time to find this, and we're glad we did.  The extra pockets are great.
51	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Bible Book Covers make great covers for Boy Scout Handbooks.
6	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this book
7803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The most durable calculator I've ever had. If you have just one of these calculators, 1 is all you'll ever need provided you don't lose it. You'll likely lose it before it ever breaks. I own one from 7th grade that I have now owned for 15 years. I bought yet another one in college because I couldn't find my old one. Later on I found the old one again! So now I own 2. Come to think of it....where are my calculators?
5462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are the only journals I use now.

4455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these! I'm ordering them again this year!
2784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome little notepad. I can get my 16-year-old son's attention and say what I need to say. He does not always listen to me when I speak to him directly, so I am excited to use these.
7370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There is something a little more satisfying about massaging problems with a calculator.  I suppose you can do a lot of this on computers now but there is something more immediate about punching the numbers yourself.
I like the Cross pen because of the look, feel and quality of writing.  Like all Cross pens, this one comes with a lifetime warranty on the mechanical parts.  Ive had two occasions over the past thirty years when I had a mechanical failure and both times the pens was repaired quickly under the terms of their warranty.
197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thank you
5118	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What an unexpected surprise this is my first Moleskin notebook and as the old saying goes my only regret is not buying one sooner.
6365	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this Raskog cart at IKEA. I wish now I had purchased two! This cart is well made, very sturdy and rolls delightfully. The cart I purchased is used to hold all of my nail polishes and nail polish supplies. Even with the weight of my polishes I notice no impact on the movability of this cart. Definitely worth purchasing if you are looking for a small cart for any reason.
5227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the scent of a new book, and this one got a nice scent. The pages are not too thick or too thin for writing with a ballpoint pen. There's no mistakes in the one I received. Perfect quality. My only concern is the hardcover material. I've never felt anything like it. I can't stop touching it before opening it to write in it. I would buy more of this.

7523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!
8320	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very powerful scientific calculator! Can't solve undefined integrals and derivations.
5487	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks, and purple is no exception. They feel nice to write in, and I feel nice writing in them.
4960	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little notebook.
 Nice Flexible Elastic Strap for Secure Closure.
6000	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this notebook.  Holds all my research and notes.  Very hand friendly to use.  The paper quality is impressive.  I personally carry this with me everyday, even if i don't plan on using it.  To me Moleskin really hit the ball out the park w/this one.  I will continue to purchase these noteboks instead of my old Composition books.  Cant say enough good things about it.  Enjoy.
If you are making the purchase for an adult or a classroom, or if you intend to frame it, then I highly recommend this map.  If you are buying for little ones, I'd spend the extra money to get a laminated version.
8398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like this item
The material is heavy duty ripstop nylon and I hold it to an unused blackboard using 3M heavy duty hangers. It's working aces.

That's right, if I bang a string of numbers into this calculator at my normal pace that I have grown used to with the old model, it MISSES some.  I don't know what electronic portion of the calculator is to blame...a processor, or perhaps some sort of limiter programmed in...but it is VERY annoying.  I am not talking about some superhuman input speed...just quick button punching usually results in a missed number.  How many times have I tried to type 57.5 (a common dimension in my line of work) and gotten 575, or 5.5, or 55, or what have you?  Too many to count.  This is a major limitation and it saddens me to see my favorite calculator redesigned to perform more poorly.  Fortunately I still have my old one at home and if its lifespan and battery usage is any indicator of the current model, I will need to change the batteries about once every 3 years and the calculator itself will last for well over 6 (I estimate 15+, really).

I've fallen into the habit of using phone apps for just about everything, but they are great for someone like me who can be kind of unorganized and manic about projects. I needed something I can hold and refer to more easily. This is better than any other planner/organizer I have used. Keep in mind that because this is not your usual planner, you have to take a little bit of time to get familiar with it. There is online info for using it and it's well worth every minute to check it out. I have never liked a planner this much so I'll try to just list the standouts.
3742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect addition to any kitchen. The large peeler makes the task so much easier and the black handles are easier to hold than the older silver ones.
4754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for work
3885	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK, everyone needs a few of these at your house... Great for cleaning hands, pre-treating stains, and cleaning surfaces such as walls...
4606	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Kids love them
431	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good size wall map with lots of details. I laminated over the lamination because the lamination was more like a gloss than a lamination and I intend to use wet erase markers on it. Still thought a larger map would me nice to see the small countries better, but was limited by my space for it. If I had it to do over again I wouldn't have bothered paying extra for the laminated version of this map. I would have gotten the regular map and laminated it at Kinkos,
6252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not much to review here:  It's a solid notebook that always delivers.  High quality cover, perfect for the abuse of frequent travel.  I've started to organize my entire work life on these.
4511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This oversized plastic "folder" works great for storing posters and other oversized papers. It exceeded my expectations. I thought I would need to order at least two to fit all of my classroom posters, but one works fine. I highly recommend it.
7581	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Only criticism I have consistently for this model of calculator is that the buttons don't read presses every once in a while. I've gotten into the habit of reading what I'm typing as I type it, because sometimes if you press the buttons too lightly, it won't pick up a character. But I have not tried another scientific calculator before, so don't know if there is better options.
The publisher needs to rethink this design and rework it.  When then do that, it might be a book worth having.  For now, it's only a book you'll need to seriously stop and think "Is this book worthy of inclusion in this pages?" or you'll soon run out of room.
476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We're very pleased with the Rand McNally M-Series USA wall map (30" x 52").
5359	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good item
1493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's so cute. So easy to clean. So minimal. We have a teensy tiny counter in our bathroom and my husband is an animal when it comes to making a mess so this is the perfect solution to the singular tooth brush we keep on the counter (mine is electric and has it's own stand). I plan to buy several more of these for guests and also to keep in my travel bag as this is the perfect solution to the hotel room counter situation we all find ourselves in occasionally.
5312	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am starting to use this as a to-do list to take to meeting even with a smartphone. The size is perfect and very sturdy as well.
6099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pages are a little thinner than I expected, so I can see the ink bleed through from the other side of pages. Otherwise a solid notebook.

Expecting this notebook to be used for artwork is rather ridiculous as these notebooks are only meant for you to jot down quick thoughts, quick sketches, or formulate ideas. If you also use an especially inky fountain pen, it WILL bleed through.
6539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The layout of this planner is superb. I have room for all of my weekly lists, the hardcover lies flat when I open to view my schedule, and the goal planning setup is brilliant.
* cardboard-like, but not dollar-store-like
It has a solart cell so you do not have to be concerned with battery failure.  As your desl lamp or outside window light will keep it charged for you. Large led numbers are easy to read if your eye sight is not what it used to be.
3338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not sure why the picture is showing the calendar, because I got the book with short daily readings.  I love the sincerity and the personal touch of the entries.  The only way for me to start the day right, is early a.m., with God.  Whether you like to get up and pray, read the Bible, or read a daily devotions style book, this little book is full of encouragement and inspiration.  If you are short on time, this is the perfect little book for you.
9575	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this to help alleviate some wrist strain when using my mouse. The pad has an existing depression already in the top of it and is not comfortable to rest my wrist on (not soft enough). I also find the pad restricts my movement of the mouse.  I'd return it, but it would probably cost me as much or more to do... so will count this one up to a good try, but lost (fortunately not too expensive). Would not recommend.
Set yourself apart from everyone else, take pride in what you do.
9232	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice mouse pad. I would prefer it if it were larger. It's kind of narrow. But it still works perfectly!
The gel part feels hard compared to the old one but I am sure 10 years of use has a lot to do with t.  Still very comfortable!!!

4265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
7502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!

2766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These will bring a lot of good will in the office.
2732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big hit at work, especially on Mondays. lol
Each individual notebook duplicates the front matter typical in a Moleskine planner: Personal Data, 2010 and 2011 at a glance, along with a year rundown with a small line next to each (great for blocking out trips), a list of international holidays, maps, distance tables, a ruler, and various planning sections.  The remaining 2/3 of the pages in each book are the daily entries.
That said, this NEWER model -- though larger and more-than-slightly bulkier than the older one -- does have a few advantages....I think.
2796	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Funny and cute, but small!
All The Beatles try to showcase a new consciousness with songs like Paul's "Getting Better" and "Fixing a Hole".  George gets his turn with the deep, spiritual realm of "Within You and Without You".  (And, while it is sincere, articulate, and perceptive, it doesn't fit the album musically as well as "Love You To" does on 'Revolver'.)  Paul certainly adds depth with his contribution "She's Leaving Home," almost a classical piece with tear-jerking lyrics and a story that challenges class differences like 'Lady Chatterly's Lover'.  The finale, "A Day in the Life,"  is the most celebrated song.  It is the grandest musically and lyrically transcending the ordinary values of life.  The song remains innovative and awe-inspiring.

Not bad, but a little on the little side. The case is about the size of a box of index cards. Each stencil is the size of a standard index card. Each stencil card has about a half dozen designs.
6348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Went together easily and does just what I want it to do. Looks just like the one in the picture.
322	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughters love butterflies and love having pretty notebooks.  These are nicely made little notebooks. Pretty covers and the girls love them.
9104	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wore out the first one. These are a must have for anyone that spend time at a keyboard.


9647	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	If you are not required to use this calculator for your class I would recommend another calculator. This thing is horrible. Pressing on it feels like pressing on plastic keys on a child keyboard game. It is not solid it shakes all over the table when I utilized it. Horrible.

9094	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as intended and helps prevent my carpal tunnel from flaring up. Great price, too. I would recommendt his product.
There's not much to say about the appearance of the book except to call it "classic."  It's a plain, black book.  Period.  That's it.  It's beautiful because of how utterly simple it is.
3741	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The knife was a little bigger than I expected but it is a well made knife, I just keep it in my truck vs in my pocket becuase of the size.
9249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
Which brings me to a rave about some of these drawings:  Some are really special:  The squirrel on the tree trunk; the fox looking over his shoulder at a falling leaf;  lady bugs hidden in a mass of leaves; a stand of thistle pods, and many more.
4041	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super good fragerance - romantic !!
Cannot beat the price, and Prime 2 day free shipping.  Always looking to save a buck.
419	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've wanted a large U.S. map for awhile now and saw this one. It was laminated, large,cheap, and has useful info on the map. The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is because the "lamination" if you chose to call it that is very thin. I'm going to take it to my local print shop and have them laminate it with the thick stuff so it won't get wrinkles or any tears/damage.
1793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful heavy stock folders.  Worth every penny
For the picture where the stack seems 'sideways':


7232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well in Epson and Canon printers and is fine for my purposes.
8801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smooth mouse over and a wrist saver.
1177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these Big Bold Thank You cards! I like that the Thank You really stands out! This company makes an excellent quality product. I was very impressed with the high grade of cardstock used to make these cards and the envelopes were quality made as well, they had a peel off tab to seal them shut. A quality I always look for when buying cards, it seems so old-fashioned, not to mention unsanitary to lick an envelope shut! I am very please with the quality of these cards and will definitely put them to good use. Never underestimate the power of a thoughtful, well written & hand written Thank You note. It's an extra added touch that shows you took the time out to write the card, therefore, you really care.

3146	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These charts are great....but be ware I did not notice that some do not come laminated and came rolled. this made a mess of the poster. I recommend getting only the laminated version.


987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This fit a fancy, wide-framed cork board from Home Goods exactly.  1/4 inch border was pushed under each side of the frame, allowing another 1/4 in of white to show before the red border line.  All flags show.  The lamination will keep the map lasting for years, enabling map pins and flags to be inserted without tearing the map. My family includes many international lawyers and doctors, who work in Asia, Africa, and Europe providing humanitarian services.  One niece just moved to Singapore for business, while my sister lives currently in New Zealand.  We need lots of pins to track everyone's travels!

6608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this planner.  The week's view is just what I was looking for.  The pages don't bleed (I use Pilot G2 07 point), and the price is great.  It has worksheets inside to find your goals and aspirations - which is awesome.  I had several other planners that cost 6 times the cost of this Action Day, and they were so heavy and bulky, and I hated lugging it around.  This is the perfect size and weight for a purse and I can take it with me everywhere.  It's sturdy enough to last the year I believe.  So glad I found this organizer!
3880	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are really nice for headaches.  I love to plaster one on my forehead anytime I get a headache.  They're not sticky enough to be able to wonder around with them on, but lets face it with a headache bad enough to warrant a cold patch who wants to be up running around?  If you want to use a second one after the first one looses it's oomph you'll want to wash your forehead with soap and water between them to insure the second one sticks well.
6914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
Update:
9752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great no need to buy paper.
1974	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I am very annoyed about this purchase.  These sticky notes are so cute and look very fun to use.  But they don't peel off well.  Instead they wrinkle.  And then, the adhesive isn't sticky enough to actually stick them any where.
962	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We wanted a map to pin locations we visited. This works fine mounted on a board. You can see enough detail to pin  locations.

4059	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great comfortable lumbar support cushions. These are better than those supposedly plastic ones they make. This does not interfere with the blood flow in your back. Does not leaves marks on your back after using the lumbar support. Great

WTF - were you thinking?
Came slightly buckled.  Needs better packaging.
1022	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite plan book ever. Lots of space to write and very versatile.
8960	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this pad. I am using it right now to write this review. I have had it for a while now and the wrist cushion is as plump as when I first bought it. This pad has a great surface, and I recommend it for those who like wrist support.
5069	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this adorable and super cute red notebook. Matches my ruby slippers perfectly. Oh, wait. Not supposed to tell people about those.
1531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
I have lost 50 lbs since the summer ..6'3 275/lbs in July
They do not wrinkle the pages or cause bulk.
6824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is a Cross, what is not to like.. Writes well , doesn't skip until its about out of ink. I like them..
412	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice map, especially for the price.  (Paid $10.17)  I was expecting just a regular paper map, but was happily surprised when it arrived to discover that it is made of a higher quality material.  Not laminated, but lightly plasticized (if that's a word).  The colors are rich, the detail good for a map this size (not too little, not too much).  Very pleased with this purchase.
By the way, while I can't prove it, I've long suspected that THIS is the notebook all those detectives are flipping open when my wife and I watch our favorite British Mysteries ... I don't know that for sure, but it really looks that way. I'm not personally taking notes on where people were last Thursday night between the hours of 11pm and 3am, BUT when I want to be sure the information I'm recording will be around for a long time to come, the Moleskine Reporter is the pad I turn to.

8633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a good size and the wrist rest is very nice.  It helps me position the mouse more easily than just using the mouse on a desktop as there is a slight drag which does no occur on a straight desktop.
My only problem is that the threads at the end of the tassel fall out under the slightest pressure.  This situation, like say where they get trapped under something heavy, is something that shouldn't happen, but on the occasion it does, be prepared to see five or six of them to fall out, even if you carefully remove the heavy item from them.
6111	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great notebook! It's so hard to find nice notebooks with graph-paper pages, but this one fits the bill perfectly.
I buy them on a regular basis.
1949	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been searching for a book that pushes the envelope and this one certainly does that.  Everyone
5205	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been journaling for years and Moleskine's line of journals is hands down my favorite. This size is my favorite, though I have gone through an extra-large version. The pages don't tear even under extremely fine point pens, nor does the ink bleed. The cover is strong enough to not bend when writing on a soft or uneven surface. The elastic is strong enough to keep the book shut and it doesn't rip out under repeated use. The ribbon bookmark is a lovely length and is well-attached. The pocket in the back is perfect for small mementos like ticket stubs, pictures, and more. I find myself far more likely to write when I'm writing in a Moleskine!
7904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for school.
3233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent product, fits my bulletin board poster..........very quick shipping..........highly recommend
They hold well and you could use them to hold onto multiple pages if you needed or wanted to.
2136	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these bookmarks!
2480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute


with the utmost of ease.  The eight-digit display is large, and very well spaced.  Nice little "extras", found in most -- but not all -- other general-purpose calculators: a percent key, a square root key, and a sign change key.  (The sign-change key does not appear on the smaller, LS-82Z).
PROS:
1. Back section has open section which IMHO will need tabs. Not an issue, but easily customizable.
I also love that I have the option to hang it however I want, rather than an option that comes framed. I'm planning to "fake" one of the wooden hanging systems by purchasing wooden dowels and then attaching one along the top and one along the bottom.
7414	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I had to by this for a class but I wouldn't recommend it.
4085	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this bar of soap.  So convenient and my skin just loves it.  Would highly recommend.  Bar is very large, so good value!
Overall, if you are looking for top-quality, and light-weight knives, then these are awesome.
4985	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is like a jumbo version of the traditional Moleskine Sketchbook.  The pages have a little texture and are just heavy enough so you can use ink and it will not bleed through BUT they are not the same heavy bristol board-esque ones used in the smaller version.  These pages are much thinner.  The binding is tight and secure, the cover hard and durable.  Overall this is a fantastic purchase and you can't beat Amazon's price at $10 below retail.
6311	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I discovered the Moleskine products a few years ago by accident. I was scouting in a high-end pen store when I saw their display out of the corner of my eye. I want to say their note books spoke to me - from 5 feet away, I could tell these were high quality products. Because I am always interviewing people (I write about cars), the reporter notebook came home with me.
8955	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It is a good surface, doesn't slip and the gel rest is a nice height for me. I have another one - different manufacturer - that has an oval gel area and I prefer that to this one. This is good - just not quite as much support as the oval one. It's also just a tad too narrow.
7402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fast shipping and great calculator- thank you
It's worth the risk of more $$. The quality is perfection.
7532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
390	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is great for my classroom.  I only wish it was laminated to protect it.  I will be getting it laminated so it will last for years.
6514	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice, One of the best laid out pages I've seen in any organizer, giving you enough room for daily notes, weekly tasks and delegations. The strap is Pink on the yellow one! I ordered it thinking the strap was orange from the Amazon photos.

Occasionally, there are individual calculators that will have poorly made buttons that stick a little. In that case, you have to be extra careful when inputting data, but usually this gets fixed with enough use.

3515	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as shown in video.

754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I tried to make DIY sandpaper letters... don't waste your time -> buy these.
3892	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this piece. Put it together myself in about an hour. My temptations look great in this.
don't have to touch a hot dish in getting it out of the microwave. It holds a generous soup bowl of
The results will be the same but the RPN uses 2 less steps, and that is on a small and simple problem. On larger problems this adds up. If you use a calculator for an hour a day, you owe it to yourself to learn RPN and I guarantee you will never want to go back. If you don't know RPN, or even amortizations, the manual that comes with the calculator is good and you can learn it easily from that.
1902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For those of us who would rather not relay on the computer to store phone numbers.  Beautiful pictures !!  Fits right on the bookshelf, desk, etc....

I have just purchased a second set of these glasses, and will continue to find new uses for the, I am certain.
8391	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter wanted a green calculator.  It was nice, worked as you would think.
2853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thank you
1630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great.
On the more practical side, the paper is high quality. I find that I can use a felt tip pen or even a fountain pen and the ink doesn't blob or soak through. Nice!
9201	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good texture, right size
83	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	son loves!
Ive never used this one..since that class..
1426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The book came fast and in great shape.  Throughly enjoyed the book and the series. I would recommend the book and series of books to everyone who enjoys learning about the Bible
1009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm an ordained minister and instead of giving couples the usual bland marriage certificate I give them these instead.  Couples seem to enjoy these more and they look good.
2436	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	An excellent wire bound address book covered with hard cardboard covers and surfaced with a moleskin feel. The book even sports an elastic security strap attachment to keep it closed. I would have rated this 5 stars, but considering the book's dimensions are 4 1/4 by 6 3/8 inches, the lines for entering information and the various phone numbers are just too close together IMHO. Still a great little address book which does what it was designed for!
Keeps your mouse moving effortlessly
* Outer cover feels and looks great. It's heavy and strong
9769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	staples things just like it should.
2153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is much nicer then the picture shows. Good sized and nice looking beads and tassle. Map design is very good. All pleased with purchase.
1093	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my daughter so she could time how long she's read. It works great. Can use it for a clock timer and even a stop watch great product for a kid or even adult who loves to read!
138	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described
5136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little book. I use it to keep track of the diffrerent types of Zentangles. An idea that came via Linda Farmer and it worked out really well. Just as she said it would. The squared pages has made it easier to dissect the Zentangles. Plus I love the cute factor because it's tiny (3.5 x 5.5). Easy to slip into a purse. Some people might fill the pages a lot faster than I have. And if you are a person who Zentangles continuously you might want a larger size. Linda said she filled hers quickly and decided to move to a larger (5 x 8 1/4 inch.) one. I love the tiny size. I might move to a larger size later but right now this works great for me. I personally think this is a great try me size.
6373	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little pen
381	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I've alway held Rand McNally as the Gold Standard of maps, having worked in a map and globe specific retail establishment. However, the complete omission apart from random edges of  the 6th continent of Antartica, granted, I paid $5 for it, it came in decent time even with the dreaded postal handshake, but really? The coastline only of an entire continent as if it had no other features? Sorry, but I call foul, I wouldn't put this up in a kindergarten class, it will serve the purpose I'm using it for, but I don't recommend it for educational value.
5753	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great book for journaling...I use watercolor pencils with mine and even some acrylics and it holds up great.  I'll definitely buy another in the future.
1616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Works like any other bookmark should. The design is lovely.
1239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this book, need more colors.
9195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful.
611	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a good, basic plan book for elementary teachers. I bought several and have used them for the past two years. I'd like better paper quality and a few changes in format, but overall it's pretty good for the price.

3977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calendar, and it has a pocket to keep important papers as well as appointment card holders.


1691	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been giving my husband Dilbert desk calendars for several years, and he loves them. Always good for a laugh if you appreciate humor at the expense of the corporate world. I had always purchased the calendars locally, but this year my store had just about every calendar except Dilbert, so I went to trusty Amazon.com, and there it was!! As always with the amazon.com fulfilled orders, I received the shipment very promptly and in perfect condition, and come Christmas morning, my hubby will be delighted that he will have another year of laughing with Wally, Dilbert, Alice, et.al, at the expense of the pointy-haired boss!!
2997	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pad, along with several other Knock Knock Notepads for co-workers this Christmas. They are really neat and unique enough to make them smile.
1743	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
700	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This is the third year in a row that I have bought a Dilbert page-a-day calendar. I love the Dilbert comics and being able to wake up every day and read one in the morning is very enjoyable. It's always good to start your day with a smile. I loved the Dilbert calendars I used for the past couple years.

9514	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Quality product for the low price point. Just the right height for my liking. I replaced pretty much the same one that I've been using for several years (I lost it in a move) and the old one was doing fine, too!
7975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator.  I especially love how easy it is to get to the inverse functions by pressing a button twice.  Caution to math teachers:  This calculator has a solving feature and does some calculus.  As a math enthusiast, I think its awesome.  As an instructor, I will not let my students use this calculator on a test.
9608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ten years ago I bought a gel mouse pad from Kmart. It worked good all these years. So recently I bought this Belkin gel mouse pad, and even after ten years, this one is cheaper than my old one, even counting shipping!
7587	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	While this calculator has some new and good features, I HATE that they changed all the old keys around.  I don't want to dork around figuring out the new key sequences and hunting for keys that no longer exist...like the SUM key.  Where is it?  The keyboard is too different from the old keyboard.  They should have kept the old and added new as required.  I get so sick of electronics folks moving all the furniture, just so they can feel clever.  It is disruptive and time consuming to constantly have to figure out stupid process issues about where keys are newly located instead of just being able to use all the familiar keys and learn the new ones or new extra functions.  Not impressed.  I just want a TI-30 scientific calculator with solar power, but those are now $99.  It's ridiculous.  This may be my last Texas Instruments calculator, and I've been a fan since 1979.  Seriously, BAD MOVE with the keyboard layout.
8650	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good
5906	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I carry this in my tote bag for quick sketching and watercolors.  The paper is excellent. The covers and binding hold up to repeated use and hard wear.

Happy Camping,
212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son and I LOVE Peppa Pig so he enjoys these books! (So do I!)
6621	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a variety of planners and planner software throughout my career.  Though I make good use of the electronic planning programs I still like the old fashioned paper and pencil format best.  The Action Day Planner is lightweight, easy to carry to and from meetings, and offers lots of space for making notes and reminders.  The calendar and To Do list are on the same page which prevents me from forgetting something plus, in a meeting, I don't have to flip pages to access them both.  Makes me look more efficient because I am more efficient!
This is all the more important, as more and more calculators, sadly, are made with "no user-replaceable batteries" enclosed, (no -- one is instructed, in these other, still newer calculators, to take them to the nearest authorized repair shop, of the designated manufacturer -- and have them replaced there, like wrist-watch batteries!  First wrist-watches, now calculators!  Talk about planned obsolence!  (Buy even this newer model 1795SV, and keep it close!)
1120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Thank You.
1726	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love ME......every year a new large calendar comes into my pantry...love all her sayings, witticisms that she includes with every monthly page.
6920	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product because I needed a pen in that category and because of the comments were good, but the ink was a deception.
2133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3651	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very nice gift
7302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite computer paper.  It is thicker and sturdier than standard paper.  It is definitely bright white and not that dull color.  Everything that is printed on it comes out looking great.
7767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is excellent for school and home. It is great for simple calculations. The plastic is sturdy so if it falls you won't deal with a cracked screen. I would reccomend this to anybody and also would reccomend the TI-30XIIS as it has a 2 line display which makes it easier for solving equations.
4724	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like the idea behind this book and the paper is pretty good but not as good as the Stillman & Birn Zeta Series Hardbound Premium Sketchbook 5.5x8.5. However, that being said, this book is going with me to Italy. Has more pages and will be fine for what I'll be using it for. Sketching, journaling and collecting stuff.
BUT...zoom forward to the present day.  I use my calculator at home quite a bit, so I decided to buy another one for my desk at work.  I was happy to see the TI-30Xa was still for sale, and quickly snagged one for its bargain price.  Upon receiving the calculator, though, I immediately noticed that it differed from my old one; I was pretty familiar with that little guy after all.  The differences appeared to be merely cosmetic (placement of the TI30Xa label, raised plastic surrounding the power button, etc) but using it at work quickly revealed a fatal flaw:  ENTRY SPEED IS LIMITED.
7840	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
4961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! I will recommend this to others!
4377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It took me all of thirty minutes to attach the 72 tabs and they were easy to attach. They also seem very durable in the way they attach to the page and double up in the tab for durability. Other tabs I have had would break off while these tabs have lasted well. They are the right sized tabs for my large bible I have. What I truely like about the tabs is that they are color coded. The first 5 books of the Old Testament are red, the first four books of the New Testament are blue, etc with 4 other colors to separate the books. You also have special tabs for the bible. This makes it alot easier to locate the books you are looking for. They are also easy to view and read.

4288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these to write down notes about sermons at church, they are lined and work as well as any other journal. The cover is a fairly sturdy construction. They also came with clear plastic dust jackets (at least the two I ordered) which I opted to leave on them to protect the covers.
3211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great versatile educational tool!
6299	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Boy howdy, this sure is a nice little notebook, but what it's NOT is a reporter notebook. Why? Because reporter notebooks are 4x8. Let us examine why: A 4x8 notebook fits in most back and many front pockets. It is easy to write in a reporter notebook with the opposable thumb, the ring finger and the little finger holding the notebook while at the same time, the index middle fingers hold a digital recorder as if it were a cigar. Despite the compact and portable size, the reporter notebook has a a decent amount of space for note taking. That's why most reporters -- those lying, leftist, corporate rightwing apologist, white priveliged, Obama loving professionals -- use reporter notebooks.
9563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	calculator is great for financial college class. takes a bit of learning but the only downside is that it's battery operated.

3718	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love all Philosophy shower gels.  They're scents always smell like the real deal.  The later is so rich and creamy.  Its a delight to use in the shower.
This is a quality-made case that slides easily in and out of a backpack, briefcase, bag or suitcase.  It's a true sleeve case, with no dangly-handles to interfere.
625	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love them.  Beautifully cut, nice little package.  I like the idea of the vintage look and not all the of advertising shtick that goes on with today's Valentine Cards. Will think of how much I love them as I send them off to my grand kids. More than twice the price as the original sticker was attached, I will remember it every time I take one out of the box.  Thank you!
3278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I rated this 5 stars up and doo because it is a very nice booklet or whatever you want to call it but when I ordered it I thought it was real penguins. They should tell you it is not real penguins.
1674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great budget notebooks. My fountain pens write beautifully in them. They have a pocket in the back. The pages are not numbered and there is no table of contents in the front but overall very nice
4459	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice
I use them on disk sleeves, envelopes, panels, notebooks, binders, CDs, DVDs, boxes, cartons, mailers, packages, food storage, spice bottles, even my own forehead.
2705	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not enough space to write and I don't buy all the crap listed on this page. Plus the page is huge with no space to write.
8918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works fine .Thank you.
3451	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I found this at a local teacher store for double the price and thought it was too much so when I found it on amazon I was happy it looks just like the picture and has all holidays or important days needed the material isn't cheap and the pictures are colorful it arrived quickly and looks just like the picture.
8878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The mouse feels great in the hand. It's accurate and the controls are spot on. The blue lights looks great and not too bright. The cord and plug are above average quality and I absolutely love the bronze steampunk look of the color I chose. Not sure how many mice are made in this color, but it looks awesome!
5058	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great. For a kid in school. Came fast and was exactly what was desired.



GOLDEN RULE VI - DO NOT DISCONTINUE THE ICONIC HP12C GOLD. HP needs no reminder that the customer is always right. Please let your customer, the ultimate market force decide if the HP12C should ever be retired.
19	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	That being said ...
8174	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good product
8576	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	No problems, calculator did everything I needed it to do. Only drawback is the buttons are a bit small so I cannot tap the keys quickly.
5809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are really great. I don't know how anyone could not like them. They are well made, they can stand up to abuse without the pages falling out. On top of that the paper lays flat after being wet, and colors show up very nicely. You get quite a few pages for the money you spend and you could use both sides if you wanted to. This is a product that speaks for itself.
8369	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This scientific calculator works well and will give you the right answer as long as you enter it correctly. Which can unfortunately be a problem. The buttons on this calculator are weird and I have to press them pretty hard to get them to register correctly. On a more positive note this thing is very durable. It has literally been thrown across a room and survived without a scratch. The screen is OK, but there are better displays available on similarly priced scientific calculators. Both the Casio fx-300ES and the TI-30XS Multiview are similar calculators with better buttons and more modern screens. Both calculators cost within $2 of this one as well. This calculator will work, but I'd recommend going for one of the other two which do the same thing just better.
336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very clear and easy to read. It's HUGE too.
2467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good!
8744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have to say this mouse pad is very comfortable for the wrist compared to a flat mousepad. I use it daily and it still looks like new. It's definitely a good value for the price.
7005	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Deciding to replace the Cross Classic Century ballpoint pen I received as a gift many years ago (and in the intervening years managed to lose), I began a careful search for information in the form of reviews for the pen.  What I read actually led to my having reservations concerning this thought of a replacement purchase; what little information I could find was not...encouraging.
1468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got a horrific case of poison ivy a couple months ago, and after recovering I bought this.

I bought it to use as a second hot sync cable to  help keep by home computer and work computer synced.  The full sized cradle  is more expensive and less versatile.
1860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the item is great. Thank you!

I also like a thick paper, as it is easier to handle since it has some substance.  I can also send out a professional letter in a pinch on this if I run out of letterhead.  ;-)

1654	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these magnetic bookmarks for stocking stuffers.  They clip on the page but don't stick up.  They don't fall out if you drop your book either.  One side has celtic symbols and the reverse side has an arrow.  These is so handy, you can put the arrow on the side or top of the page pointing to where you left off.  Very efficient.  I highly recommend these bookmarks.
I would suggest some improvements a few things, however: devote a full page per month for the monthly calendar section, use darker ink for the dates on the front and back cover yearly overview, and have a second ribbon bookmark so I can bookmark the week and my notes in the back as well. These changes would make a great planner ever greater. Overall, I highly recommend!
Now Cuisinart's has an extra cooking temperature and longer cook and keep warm times, but this one has a larger capacity (4.5 vs. their 3.5 quart) and a wrap-around heating element. I like the wrap around heating element for even cooking, but that slight extra capacity is really nice because I can use a slightly larger cut or amount of meat and more vegetables and still have space. I also like that it doesn't have that steam vent hole because I hate those things. Your cooking progress is partially track-able because as the time lapses the light for the lower time frame lights up. So if you start at 8 hours the 8 hour light is on, then when there is under 6 hours left the 6 hour light comes on, and so on. But unless you remember exactly what time you started you don't know exactly where you are within the 2 hour increment. It's not that much of a huge deal but a countdown timer that lets you set exactly the hours and minutes you want (instead of committing to 2 hour increments) and shows exactly how much time is left would be even better. That plus one of those latching lids that Hamilton Beach has on some other models of slow cookers would make it pretty much perfect, if more expensive. The price is so low there's room for the cost of improved features as an upgraded model.


Best things about this:
1445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife is a great Bev fan, so we get one of these every year. She loves it, and uses it to keep track of daily schedules, birthdays, etc. You do have to write pretty small or use shorthand to get much information on it, but it's not sold as a daily planner.
The book itself had 100 pages, all numbered. The ring binding is strong and not the flimsy wire type. It has a contents page where you can transcribe your title and page numbers, but best of all, the covers are packed full of useful information that can be used as a quick reference if for example you find yourself needing to quickly find conversion factors, metric prefixes/notations, commonly used physical constants and equations, or values from the periodic table.
8656	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this so that my wrist would not hurt. I guess I was wrong!. This is as hard as the one I just threw out. Guess I  will look for another.

Useful info: These are SMALL tabs, not big like the one produced for Children. The print is small. The tabs are permanent. They are printed in ENGLISH. Some abbreviation is used to fit on the tabs. (for ex: "1 Chronic." and "2 Thessal." )
6102	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Came as expected - Just what we ordered!
2075	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	part of a gift - very nice
9224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Feels great for my hands. If you use this All THE TIME like i do it takes the pressure off these old fingers.  GREAT.
5811	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product after I was pleased with the larger "Moleskine Sketchbook Large". It's size is perfect for keeping in your front or back pocket, while being big enough to allow for two or three small doodles per page.
Canon to the rescue.  This unit has two wonderful features.  (1) It adds, subtracts, multiplies and divides.  (2) That's all it does.  So when you're on the phone with someone, trying to figure out what the total is, you don't have to worry about accidentally getting the square root of pi.
3512	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	everyone loves a tervis
963	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! great map, great quality. definitely recommend this. don't have much else to say so .....america, america, america, america
3349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have no specific love of this book, but I have noticed it is the first one our home-schooled first grader takes out of his book box. Geography is not a very exciting subject, but this book seems to have inspired him in that direction. For that reason, I give it five stars.
-The elastic band keeps the book closed rather than flapping with the breeze.
1924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Didn't know you could still get these - they are perfect for classroom use.
7814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is solid for the price.  I think graphing calculators are the best because of the multi-line screen but if your school doesn't let you use them like mine, then this is the next best alternative.
3823	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value for the money. I was looking at paying about $20 apiece for these extra-wide bandages elsewhere. Medline offered them for about $20 for the whole package.
8645	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good

3435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what we were looking for
268	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	When we first got this easel, I really liked it! It was so compact and easy to move around, which is a relief when you live in a small home filled to the brim with kids toys! As opposed to most large easels that require large amounts of floor space even when not in use, I really loved that this one could be folded up into a small size and stored away in an instant. However... within 3 months of receiving it, this product was literally falling apart at the seams. Now normally when a baby toy falls apart after a few months of use, I think "well, yes, that's why I buy inexpensive toys - kids break them, duh!" - except, my son was only 9 months old when this broke beyond repair, and had never physically manipulated this product at all! The only us this easel had gotten was from me taking it out about once a week and showing him some magnets while he gazed at it with interest before we fairly quickly moved on to the next activity, at which point I'd fold it up as directed and put it away until next week. Yet every time I folded up and unfolded this easel I noticed the seams were becoming flimsier and flimsier, the boards were seemingly tearing apart... but I still never expected to open it up one afternoon just to see one board finally break free and fall to the ground! All of this from an adult gently using this product for a few minutes, once a week? Yeah, in that case it was pretty disappointing!
6901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cross always makes top of the line products. SO, when I lost my mechanical pencil I just had to order the exact same one.
Update: still using it. Not get but foam..
169	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super cute, my daughter loves Peppa
9476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wrists used to hurt before I got this pad and after a week of using it my wrist doesn't hurt as much.
looking into the lelit brand -  model 43 - doser less -  decent price - small compact unit -  i am sure after 11 years of not doing any cleaning till now -  must has some affect on the grind outcome -  cant say till i compare to new grinder if its a big difference or not -
3609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	color beautiful
The paper is very thin, lusterless, and doesn't write as well as my less costly Piccadilly journal with my Pentel Rolling Writer ink pen but I did find that the total package is very nice so I don't mind.  It's ideal as a writing journal and to draw small drawings.  For larger drawings, use the Leuchtturm Plain Notebook.
2. Where's Sunday? - For whatever illogical and inconceivable reason, they removed Sunday from the calendar. They combined the weekends into one page, so now you have pages for "Mon", "Tue", "Wed", "Thu", "Fri", "Sat/Sun". I can't understand why they did this. The whole reason I use page-a-day calendars is because I can never remember what the date or day of the week is. It is only through the habit of removing a page every morning that I have any clue what month/day/year I am living in. I'm serious. I don't keep track of time like other people do. So combining the weekends like this really throws me off.
4209	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't wait to finish my current journal and start on this one.
7976	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed this for a class and I was not about to get the one that cost an arm and a leg for just one class and never use it again.
The music of course is of one cloth as each song seques into the next one. No song stands out above another although my favorite has always been "When I'm Sixy-four." It now has a poignancy that we never dreamed of in those our salad days since neither George Harrison or John Lennon lived to see sixty-four. Then there was a whole generation of men, many who grew up with the Beatles, who perished in the first wave of AIDS.
6878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great basic pen. I think the size is more appropriate for a woman. The pen is slim and delicate.


If you are wondering whether or not to spend the money on a Moleskine or something else, go for the Moleskine.
9527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works greatq
7745	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had mine for 4 years now and use it almost daily.  Never had any problems with it even after a few drops to the carpeted floor.  Large easy to read keys with a nice feel, not too hard - not too soft.  Large easy to read display.  All in all, good calculator for everyday basic functions.


I am primarily a colored pencil artist and my main pencils are Prismacolor and Polychromos, but I did purchase a set of Marco Raffine colored pencils. I didn't like the Marco Raffine pencils at all, when I first tried them, and then someone recommended using them with water brushes, as they blend well with water. I got these brushes and have been working with them, and really like the pencils now. The pictures I make with them look like watercolor paintings instead of colored pencil pictures. It does takes longer to do, and you have to be careful not to get the paper too wet.
3225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality bag. Plastic is thick. Seams are well done. Handles are sturdy. Excellent!
Edit: new job, same clipboard. Buying a second because I'm bribing a coworker who wanted one for himself; mine is still seeing daily (ab)use.
3293	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as described.
2187	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	If I could I would give this zero stars. Its a cardboard with a tassel on it. And it came all bent up. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!
7714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like many other reviewers, I "turned on" to the HP 12C while earning a business degree in the 1980s.  My orginal 12C was misplaced ten years ago, and I replaced it with the HP 17BII.  While the 17B is an extremely functional calculator, I replaced it with a new 12C.  Why?  Mainly battery life (with light to moderate use, I still needed to replace the batteries once a year... with three watch sized batteries, that cost adds up quickly).  In addition the 12C is more compact, and I like the setup of the keys much better.  Processing speed?  Well, I thing the 12C is more than adequate for a handheld calculator.  If you frequently find yourself needing to blaze through complex complications, it's probably best to get out your laptop computer.  Highly recommended.
Paul McCartney plays a very busy Hoffner bass guitar on this one and his innovative rhythms sort of set the pace for the entire work. The harmonies are as spectacular here as they are on any Beatles album that exists.
9394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described
9658	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This pad is comfortable but the seal that keeps all the gel stuff in the pad comes apart easily. I'd recommend looking for something with more durability.
Some of the songs are absolutely up-beat and peppy, like "Good Morning, Good Morning," "Getting Better," and "Lucy and the Sky with Diamonds."  The enthusiasm and excitement takes me back to the fun bands of the 60's jumping around on stage like a bunch of maniacs.  That was one of the many fun parts of the 60's.  There were some occasional tinges of darkness (She's Leaving Home, and somehow "A Day in the Life" seems a little sinister), yet somehow all this stuff fits together in one tight little beautiful package that contains some incredibly artistic music that broke a lot of ground for rock music, and for all other music too.
8725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great wrist support. Very comfortable. I'm on the computer all day, every day so this is a great addition to my workspace.
6088	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really enjoy this note book.. but i prefer the Leuchtturm simply because it has added page numbers, and table of contents, and at the top there is space to write the date.

382	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, perfect for my kids room. Was well protected during shipping
8891	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good price for this product.
2164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good

9401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is really nice mouse pad. The shape makes more sense than round or rectangular ones. The material a much smoother fabric and the allows for smoother mouse movement and wrist movement. I highly recommend it.
8059	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great for making personalized greeting cards using the Hallmark card program.

I also love that I have the option to hang it however I want, rather than an option that comes framed. I'm planning to "fake" one of the wooden hanging systems by purchasing wooden dowels and then attaching one along the top and one along the bottom.
371	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	ok
4928	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Is it wrong for me to love this journal so much that I collect them? I literally have a whole bookshelf of them! I have every single type of moleskine you can think of I just love them so much . I use them to journal, write lists, draw, and even for work !
6047	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An incredible gem.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
A great basic non graphing scientific calculator at a great price.  My school bookstore charges $20 for these and only has them in black.  Pink makes it stand out so you know it is yours and makes doing math more fun!
I'm considering purchasing a this for my team members.
The right mix of features for most all who need a financial calculator.
6526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy the section for my ToDo list, the delegation section, and other typical business tasks. The appointment calendar is just fine. I make good use of the numerous notes pages in the back, the annual planner, ... This is my second planner for the year because the first one disappeared in a coffee shop. I will buy this again.
2479	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love them
6160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the soft-back moleskins. Pay close attention to size, its easy online to think a book is smaller or bigger. In this case I thought I was getting a larger one because I didn't pay attention.

6355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is really great.  Went together easily and the color is great.  I use it to store my arts and crafts supplies.  But hey, it's 20 bucks cheaper on the IKEA site.  Just sayin.
112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was a present.
9242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cool mouse  pad
3857	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great fruit/vegetable knife for me. The styling is great and the handle fits my large hands well. Its not to heavy to do precision cutting and slicing and not too light when working with tough skinned fruits and veggies. The one piece construction adds confidence too.
9402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The mouse glides perfectly on this pad and the gel wrist wrest feels good.  I don't get tired when using this pad, unlike other mouse pads I've tried.
I know people think these are overpriced.  But not really, if this is a tool which you use to problem solve, especially in creative professions, buy it.  It is made well and you treat it better, and you take your problem solving more seriously.
8283	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cheaper than Staples and works great. Has numerous functions that will take my kids through many math and chemistry classes.
1576	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are stronger than the all plastic clips I am replacing. However, they don't fit the 1/4" holes very tightly. They do stay in place, but if you need a snug fit for the 1/4" ones you are replacing the 5 mm sizes will not be snug. Again, they stay in with a little play.
8205	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this product all the time and just love the results. There's always an occasion where I need to make a personalized card, and this product fits the bill for that. The results have always exceeded my expectations, and I've never had a problem with this product.  Recommended.
3087	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is such a cute book for children and adults a like! I bought it for my mom and I am in my twenties. It was actually very entertaining filling out the cute questions and thinking up creative answers. She really enjoyed reading it and got quite a few smiles out of it. The book was somewhat smaller than I expected it to be but I'm not complaining on that behalf at all. The book is very simple and it shouldn't take any longer than thirty minutes to an hour to fill out if that. It's simple and cute. It has some silly questions and some really good ones that we may not have ever thought of on our own. It's worth it and it's sure to put a smile on your moms face.
324	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very pretty butterflies, but the notebook is very small ... more like a note pad. I gave it to my daughter because she likes butterflie decor ...
1255	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
I use to pay a small fortune for Daytimer planners (over $50 for just the yearly refills) but find this planner to be just as efficient at a lower cost.
3492	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have somewhere around 50 different screwdrivers, and this set contains my favorite one, the "511/PH1x80" - it's the one I use most frequently around the house for opening the computer case, unscrewing toy battery compartments, etc.  It always has a good grip, and the rotating handle grip (the black part on top) makes it easy to spin in the palm.  These are high quality Made in Germany screwdrivers, the best!  Now you've been reading too many reviews, just buy it, you will be happy!
A good planner. It looks nice, feels nice, and is well suited for the professional who wants to look good while planning and taking notes.
I have been homeschooling for about 15 years.  Homeschooling is rewarding, amazing, and terrifying.  The amount of chaos that goes with it is truly intimidating.  This is what makes homeschool moms a great target market for planners.  The homeschool planner market is chock full of gorgeous planners with zillions of lovely pages to use for journaling, book lists, inspiration, cute quotes, daily plans, long term plans, short term plans and every other possible page you can think of.  Keeping up the planners can be a full time job
The tangle cards are great ways to get inspired.
For the price I think that you get a lot of tool with this device:
But the most irritating thing about the Moleskine Srl notebooks is the fact that the binding is as fragile as eggshells.  Every single one of the notebooks I've been through has required reinforcement by tape and/or glue before 1/3 of the pages had been written on.  They just cannot handle day-to-day repetitive use.  The threads come apart, the pages work loose from the threads, and the faux leather binding cracks at the "hinge" area.  Eventually the strip of paper in the spine that's holding together the mini booklets of paper inside eventually rips and the binding just falls apart from within.
4328	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was somewhat surprised by the excellent quality of this journal.  I ordered two in the buttercup color and both had a different color border around the "campfire" picture which I loved.  Who knew they would be different, it didn't state that in the description but I was pleased nonetheless.  Just a bit of info for those who may order more than one.  The front and back covers are very hard which one can appreciate if you're wanting to write in it on your lap as I do.  As previously stated by another reviewer, the pages show several different watermarks which I think adds to the uniqueness of the journal.  This company hit a home run with this product!  They also offer several sizes, this one being the largest in a varied assortment of themes/topics.  These may well make it onto my Christmas list this year as all of my brothers/sister and their families camp as well.  What a treasure to have this as a keepsake of one's travels.  LOVE IT!  Highly Recommend!
The 2oz size does however spray a finer mist than the 4oz size. The 4oz sprayed lots of large drops regardless of the angle it was used at but was easy to transfer to a bottle with a finer spray.
2364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it
4733	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine sketchbooks so much. The paper is really smooth and tinted perfectly, and I plan to buy plenty more!
9192	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very impressed for the low price.


2311	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very useful
352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rand McNally U.S.A Wall Map it was what i wanted a very nice map not to big not too small
5512	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	There's a lot of good to be said about the notebook, and Moleskine deserve credit for reviving this design which had nearly disappeared.  The hard cover. . . the elastic band. . .  the cloth bookmark. . .  the ivory paper. . .  the rounded corners. . .  It's all good.  I might quibble that the ruled lines are spaced a bit narrowly for my handwriting.  It's good with a EF nib pen, and it fits a few more lines on each page, but it's a wee bit cramped compared with my normal handwriting.
I would, though, add several extra blank pages. There are tabbed pages, but not enough. It would be helpful to include a few more of these so that categories like "appetizers" can be included.
5963	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am a fan of all notebooks and have used Moleskine for years. I like this size but have gone to a Midori system, so I just trimmed it down to fit the size I am using. I do feel the paper is a bit thinner than previous notebooks, so a felt tip and sharpie type pens do bleed through. These were a good price compared to what is available in the store.
1798	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these folders in my office - they are a very bright and fun way to distinguish some files from others.  The folders are heavy-duty and will last for multiple uses.  They stand out so I always reach for the correct folders when I'm in a hurry.  Great price - I've already ordered them again!
-----Full yearly calendar smartly designed on inside of both flaps (2015 front, 2016 back)
This journal could not handle even one year of what I review in it's pages.  That is the biggest problem I have with it.
7561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it so I can use the exponential function that is not in my regular calculator. Simple to use and the keys work great. Has all sorts of other math functions for those that want that.
4844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute but I thought this was bigger when I bought it. Silly me!
GRANTED you can use a TI-83 for Calculus and more advanced math, but it's a good idea to allow your child to grow intellectually by learning how to use a much more advanced calculator for Calc II and III. I had no problems using a TI-86 for Calc 2 and 3, but the TI-89 definitely helped me understand theorems that were in 3 dimensions.
You have to press the buttons two or three times for every keystroke and ensure that the calculator detected your input.  This HUGE bug makes the calculator completely worthless.  I've had free calculators that work better than this thing.
2348	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love to read so my bookmarks get worn out pretty fast. I bought this one and the "shoot for the moon" and "yin yang" bookmarks as well. They are made of thick paper, so they might not last long if you use them a lot but they are pretty and I love the quotes and the beads! They come in a plastic cover you can leave the bookmark in there if you want it to last longer.
5977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesomeness! This is the notebook to top all other notebooks. I used one of these to write down all the SPSS notation needed to complete my doctoral dissertation. And it survived mistreatment, condensation under coffee cups, ice tea spills, and other injustices such as inordinate bending and backpack-food leftovers. It does not get any better than  this. I should take a picture of my notebook for your perusal. Alright, then, I'll come back when I have more time.



I will probably buy more of these, either the rainbow colors like this product uses, or a different color.
July 1 Update: Have enjoyed the benefits of both Classic and Click pens for over a month now. Advice: read the three 5-star reviews...they pretty much cover the subject very well. I can also say I haven't experienced even one of the cons mentioned by the other three reviewers. After test driving for several weeks, I go back and forth on which I prefer. Today it's a tie. The tie breaker for me is probably weighing the risk of losing/misplacing the removable clip device on the Classic, versus permanence of clip device on the Clicker (zero risk of loss/misplace), but trade-off might be the Clicker could be a tad bit heavier (vs. Classic with clip removed) and Clicker might be slightly less balanced when both pens are in writing mode. Solution for me: very pleased to have one of each and enjoying the "05 fines" for notebook/planner entries together with convenience of their clips. Where were these clips the past 100 years of pen/pencil history? Why don't more/all pens/pencils have this type of clip option?
1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, and it works with MS Word & Adobe programs);
3333	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the devotions, very encouraging, inspiring and help me to relax and trust God. I would be happy to pay for a larger calendar that also has the scriptures printed out on it.
4807	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	if you write microscopically, have tiny hands, and really have a small list of things that you can already memorize, then get this... it's so tiny. i should have read the dimensions more carefully, but still.. "extra small" should be "super extra tiny." so expensive for what it is. would not buy again.
6507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice


1993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
  * White
2506	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very beautiful....too cheap really, but that's great for the buyer!
9386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this calculator for to use towards my studies and future work/internships.  It's a trusty calculator.  The brand is highly known in the financial sector and is often allowed in university courses.  I wasn't allowed to use my TI-83 graphing calculator in one of my finance courses but was allowed to use this one.  It's a smaller version to the professional one and is great to start out with.  It's surprising light and definitely has more of a plastic/cheap feel to it in comparison to it's big brother but I haven't had any problems with it so far.  People/university students will find this calculator highly beneficial for both business/economics and finance classes.  So far I've used it in Managerial Finance and Investment Analysis.  It's used in the field of business/economics/banking/finance/accounting and insurance.  For the price it's of great value
2971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a book lover, I am always looking for ways to keep my collection organized. I also want to keep my beloved older books, perhaps those with some financial as well as emotional value, in as close to heirloom condition as possible. Yes, my family reads books and,yes,we don't treat them with kid gloves.
1950	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've enjoyed seeing Suzanne's ideas as in all of her books.
8555	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with the calculator, it a nice change in color from the boring black. Works well, and looks great

+ Elastic band is well made and helps secure book from accidentally opening (damaging pages inside), and strong enough to hold extra pieces between pages.
2389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits in my purse perfectly.  Scared some day I might lose my phone and Who remembers phone numbers of all their friends and family any more?  Great to have JUST IN CASE.
7278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the only paper I will use.  Great finish.  Great color.
Copywriter
7145	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Good Product.
2. Scheduling goes from 7 am to 8 pm each day.
2520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazing map! Keeps trying to roll up after a day of being hung up but after a week it stayed still. Taped it onto styrofoam insulation and we are using it to keep track of our family travels. Really cool, detailed and educational. Lots of detailed extra information on map. Lots of labeled cities too.
September 2005 -- About a year and a half after I bought my second one, the second got as dirty as six week old bed sheets, the mouse wouldn't slide over it easily, and the wrist pad got almost sticky.  I just bought a thrid one.
5585	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Small enough to fit in a pocket.

4498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great to hold all your bulletin board materials.

2088	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this bookmark, it's so beautiful to look at every time I open up my book. Plus, it's super durable.
4713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Before I purchased this Moleskine, I bought another one that had thin, flimsy pages, and attempted to do my art journaling therein. Fail. Big time. I forgot I had this one on my bookshelf until much later. After I ditched the other one, I grabbed this one off my bookshelf and figured I'd use it for a regular writing journal, assuming it was the same as the other Moleskine I had. But it isn't.
4117	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wow I love this pad. Lots of room and easily organized. Love!
1583	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have a whole set of American Kitchen stainless cookware, and so far I'm very satisfied with every piece. This particular saucepan is a good weight, nicely balanced, and the perfect size for cooking veggies when company comes. The brushed steel is very attractive, and I love the see-through lid. My one complaint is that it stains more easily than other stainless cookware that I've had, but a little Barkeeper's Friend solves that problem in the blink of an eye.
413	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it. Size of the map meet my expectation. Easy to look. Big printing, especially cities' names. Color is little bit dark. Lighter is better.
6841	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent pen, but box is way too big.
2860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cool
I will definitely buy more of these cards.  Highly recommended.
1500	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	one of my favs. Very ornate, feels like a regal ritual to steal way to write in these pages. Very beautiful.
7657	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This is really a ZERO star review. I have used an old-style HP-12C for over twenty years and never had a problem. I used it through undergrad and two masters degrees, all in business, so my calculator got a workout. Despite looking a bit beat-up, my original HP-12C still works flawlessly. I was excited when the new 12C with ARM technology came-out (it is the one with two batteries). For the first year it was great and blazing fast but now it's not working well at all. Specifically:
6296	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great books, a little large for a pocket on jeans but great in a lunch box or clip board.
It is significantly shallower (in terms of thickness) and hence doesn't offer nearly as much padding. It's also shallower front to back.
- Ideal size.  It fits in my pocket.
3543	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this duvet set for my daughter.  The fabric is very soft and looks lovely in her bedroom.

I buy EVERY SINGLE THING BUT GROCERIES ON-LINE so I am constantly researching anything I want to buy from soap to cars (keeping like items (example bicycles) on an excel spreadsheet separating individual bicycle models by a black line and putting related items bike horns, bike baskets, etc on different sheets on the same bike excel spreadsheet) and once I settle on what I want to buy i use THIS CALCULATOR to figure out the BEST PRICE(adding S/H and tax plus base price and subtracting any savingswatch dot com ebates dot com or coupon savings and then figure out TOTAL COST PER ITEM and buy the best price.  This calculator gets a serious work out.
1507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best. Gift. Evah. I bought this for Pastor Appreciation. It was a huge hit! Martin stands on Pastor's desk and every time I walk by his office it gives me all the feels! But now what to do for next year?! How do I top THIS?!!
3532	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought one of these for 2016 and loved it.  The 2017 version has thinner paper.  I still like the calendar and the vintage pics, but I wish the paper were thicker.  You can actually see a little bit through each sheet so that the colors on the paper underneath show through.
4898	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE Moleskine notebooks and was thrilled to find a RED sketchbook.  It goes everywhere with me.
2586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love
4479	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as expected.
9923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.
7996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works very well. USe it for 9th grade , algebra 1 & geometry. Price is average the physical store ( target/staples) sell. Save my time to go to the store to get it.
  * 4000 pages
3953	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this workbook with my son during the summer before his First Grade year. He loved working with it... I often found him doing multiple days of work at once because he was enjoying it. I definitely will be buying a Summer Bridge Activity Book for next summer!
8748	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
4361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice tabs to find the books of the Bible.  You get to know which color each book is
4962	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it. Very nice quality. It s very specific. I don't think I need it to so specific so I just write in whatever I want, not worrying about what heading is showing. So far this is the best journal I have found for gardening.
4786	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love all kinds of notebooks and journals.  The moleskine notebooks are always super quality.  I prefer this size as it's large enough to write in but small enough to be portable and tuck into a drawer.
8831	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased
8894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
I find the gel pack very well made and soft enough to provide comfortable, supple, support yet with enough hardness to keep my wrist at exactly the right height to manipulate the trackball.

9621	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this particular mouse pad for my desk at home because of the comfortably padded brace for the heel of the hand and the wrist. It works quite well for that purpose. It is extremely comfortable. I like it so much, in fact, that I purchased a second one for my office desk.
6630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These tabs are great for childs Bible. Theyre thicker and the colors really help separate everything. They have an easy measuring tool that helps place them where they need to be in the Bible. Great product.
1727	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Mary Englebreit calendars have been a Christmas-gifting tradition in our family for over 20 years...or since the first one came out.  I always get them for my two daughters every year and they've always loved them.  This one looks as luscious and wonderful as the first.  We love the quotes and her upbeat, cheerful, creative, unique art.  You can never go wrong with any of her products.
6938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Pen. Packed well!! (VLS)
753	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great deal on sandpaper letters!
Since it's not really cost effective to return the map (shipping is more than the ten dollar purchase price), I would burn the map in frustration, but it is lightly coated in plastic --not thick enough to prevent creases and wrinkles, but thick enough to create toxic smoke.
8019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The TI-89 graphing calculator is a wonderful tool for those who are studying "advanced math." I use it to check my integration and differentiation when working calculus or physics problems. The pretty print feature is quite nice. If you are patient enough, you can even use it to deal with partial derivatives and multiple integrals.  Using the various solve features are great as well: this calculator uses a computer algebra system to algebraically find exact solutions.
3469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This a great product.
7328	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice globe.  No complaints.
Many of her classmates have inferior calculators bought at big box stores but they spent more(and some still borrow from the school-those are WAY inferior). This is definitely a great buy and a wonderful calculator for someone that doesn't need a full graphing calculator. It does just about everything anyone could want in a scientific calculator and its pretty besides!! Which has always been a big complaint of mine, I might have been a math geek through school as well, but I was still a girl-but I had to have those manly TI grays, glad my daughter is able to have something more stylish.
7071	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Working  great
3301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my toddler son and we place them in the hallway towards his room. It was a great way to teach him the alphabet.
8589	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I thought this would be exactly the same as the TI 30X I was replacing.  It is not.  This thing is a piece of junk.  I guess Texas Inst. decided to cut cost and quality.
7812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great

6426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Good price. I'm a paperclip snob, so I could only give 5 stars to premium paperclips which I couldn't afford just now.  However, these are far less tangled in the box than the economy clips I've used before and I have almost 30 years of Administrative Assistant work under my belt.  Aw, to heck with it!  For what these are and their price, they deserve 5 stars in their bracket.
For now, what I have to say is that is user friendly, easy to access and to do simple calculations.
3069	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute book. Very small, about two inches high and 3.5 inches wide

2183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little add-on item. At just over $2, this bookmark is thick enough that it won't bend or crease easily, and the tassel is handy for finding your page. Basically, it's a solid bookmark. If you like the design and quote as you see it on the screen, you won't be disappointing in person.

878	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this calendar but the only thing I didn't think of when I purchased was being able to write on it because its in black. Otherwise very nice
2399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
5830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	still one of the best there is. just a little warning though. pages are really thin so expect it to bleed on the other side. my solution for this is that i glue two pages together.
144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product
The one good point is that it can provide four separate voicemail boxes. This is more than offset by several drawbacks:
2104	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	really nice and durable bookmarks.......very pretty and so easy to find the page I am on......love the tassel......great buy
9740	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This paper holder is well made, the clip is very strong, the case is large enough to keep several different form letters I have to maintain for work. Good product, good price.
717	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have about 20 years worth of Lang calendars packed away.  They really are well done pieces of art.  We enjoy them.
1866	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These file folders are so fun and colorful! I like using them because they are easier to find within the file cabinet.
3449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is sooo great.  I love it.  Bought for the classroom.  I don't think the picture does it justice.  I would recommend this for sure.  It's awesome.
1757	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I needed to get my life together.  It fits my hectic lifestyle with add in dates so that I could start whenever in the year I wanted.  Easy to follow check lists for making goals and tasks, monthly weekly and daily pages so I can organize everything as I see fit.  Absolutely love it!

HIGHLY RECOMMEND

4333	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A gift for my daughter in law, lots of space to keep tract of life and she liked the way the pages are connected with the spiral like a notebook.
455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is really nice. My 6 and 7 year olds are learning about countries, oceans and continents and this is perfect. The fact that it is laminated is a bonus. It comes with 2 hangers, but I like all 4 corners attached to keep it flat.. It's current home is on our 6" x 4" porcelain chalkboard and is a hit.
8251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good.
These notebooks and Staedtler fine-point, felt tip pens are a match made in heaven.
6520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLANNER!!!!  I would NEVER buy a different brand of planner with one minor exception.  I can not buy them years in advance.  I need to purchase them out to 2017 and cannot even find the 2015 calendars ANYWHERE!!!  The pages are think and do not rip!!!  The outside is thick and does not bend!!!
8275	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I think I actually saved a few bucks on this one. Works good.
4911	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very nice ...
6281	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks...they are amazing.  One of them travels with me wherever I go.  They are well made and durable.
9134	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable and dust free!
2468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice bookmark; beautiful wording on bookmark; lovely; nice coloring.
5584	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm super thrilled that Moleskine is making dot grid notebooks in this size. Quality is typical for the brand. Could be better but that would likely increase the price. I honestly find my large sized dot grid notebook more usable but that's a reflection on preference, not quality. I also wish that they would go one size larger, as even more room would expand the usability of each sheet dramatically.
3201	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a classroom teacher organization is everything! This storage bag is great to keep up with my borders. I definitely recommend it!
7553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WORKS GREAT FOR SCHOOL!
3187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great for the classroom or like us the bonus/playroom!
8812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable
8496	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The calculator works fine, it will compensate any difficulties you have in math, or in any other subject u apply it to. In short I really like it, that's why I gave 4 stars rating, It will be a buck for your effort and your money.
8673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My Canon copier machine is 9 years old, and this is only the 3rd cartridge I have had to buy.  I have debated about buying the generic ones, but since the Canon cartridge has been so reliable, I continue to go with what I feel is the best.
6325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy install, sturdy little rack.
8469	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Got this for my dreaded Chemical Principles class. It's a fairly large calculator. I like that I take it right out of the package and it works. Lists on the package all the classes it applies to, including Chemistry, Statistics, Calc, and more.
5050	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love moleskines, they are perfect for notes and drawing
People like personalized cards and not only that, this is so much cheaper than cookie cutter cards at the store.  My friends all seem to look forward to my cards so I use lots of these Avery Half Fold products.

612	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm not a teacher but i needed this to organize my plans and it works well for my needs. It's about 1/2 inch thick which I wasn't expecting, but I'm glad I got it.
2150	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!
9813	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent staple gun. I use it for putting up targets at the range (and stapling the  cardboard backing to wooden stands) and it's very reliable. I would highly recommend it. The only minor issue is that 1250 staples are $2, but shipping for them is $6, and they're hard to come by elsewhere.
- Back cover pocket.  Great for little things that fall out when tucked between pages.  I've got a couple of family pictures, a few business cards, and a $20 bill.
of measure. I find them and keep them in a folder where he can access them when he needs them. This just
9651	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This stays put on the table when you move the mouse. The gel comfort pad is an extra nice part to rest my wrist. Great item!
2342	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice.  my daughter reads a lot and likes "celestial" things....a perfect match
9358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for school.
8948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best Wrist Comfort and Arm support. The WaveRest Gel wrist support is at the perfect height when my fingers are on the mouse. No wonder it is the #1 Best Seller. So glad I purchased this Pad and will recommend to others.

8769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice mousepad. Good price. Serves the purpose. Does not smell. Overall, good product!
582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great.
9438	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had my unit for several years. I shred a lot! I shred everything from paper to clips and credit cards. It handles them effortlessly.
4757	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice, compact, and moderate quality paper.
I'm going to have to buy a new refill and hope that fixes the problem.
8919	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent wrist-rest. I'm using it right now, long after buying it. Keeps it's shape, feels comfortable and blends in with the desk.  Good value.
2402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great size to organize!
5652	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great planner. It is nice, looks great on your desk. Nylon band for closure and for saving your page.
well worth five stars as
3969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was a little skeptical about this product because I had been using a different family calendar for the last couple of years but I am pleasantly surprised!  This calendar has everything I need to keep my busy families activities and appointments organized.  Plenty of room to write in notes or appointments - great product.
6178	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice notebook, writes well

3184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A time saver for busy teachers who don't want to make their own, or write them on the board all the time.
2832	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	BEST Hall passes ever.  Quick recognition of students, peers and admin.
990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to pin up in my studio and tack all the places my artwork has been. It's just beautiful. Very well laminated - no bubbles. The place names are easy to read. Came quickly and shipped properly.
1404	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Get it as Christmas present and it looks so nice.  Excellent size and great pictures.
4552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works for what I need it for and the price was right. Can't complain!
995	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good value for the price. My wife is British, and we are in the travel business. Now she knows where Alabama is! We have clients from all over the US and the rest of the world. It comes in handy when you are looking for the nearest port for a cruise. Feel free to call us about the map or travel anytime.
On the inside, the case is just as nice. It has pockets to hold the cover of the book, of course, but also pencil loops which I am particularly happy about.
I love that there's a month by month view as well as a week by week view.  I also love that for each week by week page, there's a page of notes you can jot down what you need to do for that week.
8879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Belkin gel mouse pad.  My first one was still going strong after 3 years of heavy use, but it look a bit faded and ragged at the edges.  Bought a new one on Amazon and am pleased that the new one works as well as the first.  Provides comfortable support when using a mouse.  Look professional on a work desk.
8584	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice to be able to get all the school supplies you need online without fighting the in-store madness :)Bought this item for a Family Giving Tree Backpack/school supply drive through my work and the price was right and the product came quickly and as described!
- 7" x 10" is a nicer format than that of other Moleskines to work at: not too large, not too wide, and with plenty of room to doodle or explore concepts before you run out of space in a single page.
5013	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good pocket journal/planner. I use them to keep track of ideas, school, and work. Also very durable.
9944	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	They are what I needed

5690	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love love love Moleskines. These are perhaps a bit too beautiful, though. I decided not to use them for school, and will use them to document my sewing, knitting, and crochet projects.
Not only do you get a laugh-a-day cartoon page each day, but on the back of that page is a nifty item called THE DAILY EXTRA.  These consist of bonuses -- puzzles, jokes, lists, quotes, life tips and trivia.  Each calendar page is in color and bright and eye-catching.  The cartoon is to the left -- on the right there is a white open area where you could easily jot down appointments, birthdays, events, and then below that is the day of the week, the numbered day of the month and the month itself.  Like stated earlier, the cartoons are so well drawn down to the finest detail and SO funny.
1228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quality color pencils AND a nice adult coloring book for under $10? Can't beat that. Colors are bright and vivid and the book has at least a couple hours of coloring time in there. I personally prefer the more celtic style artwork, but these the images here are well illustrated with plenty of detail to keep you busy.
8590	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What Can I say? Palm products have always been of the best quality, and the Palm V Hotsync Cradle is no exception. I purchased an extra cradle for use with another desktop, so I can sync with several computers. The cradle bottom is metal, and there is enough weight that it does not move if the cord has a bit of pull on it. A must buy for palm V(x) users that need to sync with another computer, or need one at the office and at home. Whatever the case maybe, its very handy to have an extra cradle around.
I recommend this pen.
If you are interested in including more fruits and vegetables into your diet, or want to get your kids to get more fruit and veggies, this is the way to go.  Before I got this, I probably used my old blender to make smoothies once or twice a week.  Now I use it daily so I leave it sitting on the counter, and it takes no time at all to make a quick breakfast drink before I go to work or a refreshing fruit smoothie drink when I come home. I'm not one to sit around nibbling on carrots and celery, but I will put them in the Vita-Mix for a refreshing low-calorie drink.  There's a recipe in the cookbook using carrots that's truly delicious, Citrus Carrot Cocktail.  I have never craved carrots but I do crave this drink and make it a lot!
108	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous Bible cover.  I read all of the reviews and wondered if it would look cheap.  I didn't expect it to be real leather for the price.  I love it.  And it fits my NIV Bible perfectly well.  This will save wear and tear on the Bible, and that was my goal.
6441	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice product. Quick shipping.
9376	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Not so pleased with this. The wrist rest ends up being more on my lower forearm rather than my wrist and it's beginning to hurt. I'm just about to go back to the old mouse pad, coffee stains and all.
3519	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are very pretty for added embellishments on cards or tags. Since they have so many colors, they are easily matched to any cardstock you may have on hand, and the icons are very detailed and realistic. I really love Susan Winget products and these are no exception.
7633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little calculator. Wish the surface points were more evenly distributed so it wouldnt move as I single-hand type on it, but its a simple gripe.
7214	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	the product is good however my challenge with my copier was to get the copier to accept the new drum. We had to clear the copier from the record of the drum of old being beyond the number of copies that is good for. The toner Representatives were able to clear the machine, but I lost some automatic toner density control.
7503	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like that the buttons on this have some integrity to them so you know that you are pressing a button. It does seem to have a bit of lag to them though. Like if I try to type something in too fast it won't register so just be careful when you're inputting very long numbers.
4924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy notebook that gets the job done. No problems and holds together well.
7925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
8286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	USED BUT GOOD. REASONABLE PRICE.
I was, at first, extremely disappointed in the newer model.  (Why both the newer model and the older model -- which look COMPLETELY DIFFERENT -- have the VERY SAME MODEL NUMBER is completely beyond me.  I mean, people who work at Texas Instruments are supposed to be very intelligent and know what they are doing....but why they decided to give to truly different calculators the same model number is something I don't think I'll ever understand.  I mean...what kind of "genuis" makes this very simple mistake?  (one who wants to fool online and catalogue buyers, who have to trust that the packers will pack the right model, perhaps>)
- If having a colorful interior within a planner is important for you, look elsewhere. This is designed in a more minimalist manner. Everyone is different, so consider what you need for fun, space, reminding, and motivation in a day planner.


 Ballpoint, Gel and Regular Felt Tip Pens Do NOT Bleed Through to Reverse Side.
8495	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered a black one! and they sent me a blue one! hate when that happens so frustrating!!!! gosh!!! pay attention!!!
5473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the best little notebooks!
9673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable pad - the wrist rest is just the right size and has the perfect amount of hardness and fluidity. I highly recommend it!
8629	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	comfortable, works just fine
3074	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute gift for my mom for Xmas. Took a while to fill out but she loved it!
9202	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As described ... appears to be well made. Wrist support area could be a bit larger but is fine for now.
Regards,
1771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE: I just ordered one of these for my niece as a March 11th birthday gift! Now that I have started using this, I don't need to wait any longer to tell you how wonderful it is. The best feature is that this has you look forward in setting goals, then review backward to see where you stand. I am the world's top procrastinator and scatter-brain. Using this the last few days is training me how to manage time and goals. It's very motivating to look at the big picture (6 months ahead), then narrow your focus to a weekly and more specific daily agenda. I wish I had had this when I was working a hectic job. The whole general-to-specific works perfectly with the look-forward/review-backwards concept, This really is brilliant.

1642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like all of the bookmarks I buy from i-Clips, I love these as well.  I think they are probably my 2nd favorite of all the ones I have ordered.  And I have ordered a lot.
It's not as bulky or expensive as something like the TI-89 and on series of graphing calculators.
4930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect
7899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It feels a bit flimsy and like cheap plastic. I have to press buttons 2 or 3 times for it to correctly register. I was hoping the whole thing was white, but the cover was grey. Otherwise, it looks nice and I got compliments on it. I'm slowly getting use to it.
  * 52 dBA
Okay, I'm a little superficial. It's the "I was journalling before it was cool, take it on (photo) safari, write your novel in Spain between bullfights, sketch scenes in Paris from your cafe table, keep all your notes for your search for the Holy Grail" classic.
105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an Extra-Large Bible cover. It has a section inside that you can slip your bible into, and this section closes with a clasp, which is very important because that keeps your bible from getting all wrinkled and squished. But it's much larger than the size of a bible. It's so roomy that it can hold all my little notebooks and pens, and I have a alot of stationery that was making my old bible cover bulge out. I really, really love my new bible cover! One million stars.

Overall this format works better for me than other planners I have found, despite the useless page and high cost. It earned the 4stars I gave it. I will continue to use it unless I find something that meets my needs even better.
4108	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
-There are tear out checklists in the back.
1635	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these for my reading material. They tend stay in the book or magazine when you pick it up as opposed to cardboard place holders that end up falling on the floor. These make great stocking stuffers. I reordered some other styles for use as small gifts.
6200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ah, moleskines.  Ridiculously overpriced, but just enough better in quality and simplicity to get bought anyway.  I mistakenly combined them with a fisher bullet pen, and now am hopelessly addicted.  I take the time to cover mine with clear, wide, packing tape.  It vastly reduces the wear and tear since I carry mine everywhere and they go in and out of my pocket frequently. It would be nice if they made a waterproof version of this style, since mine tend to get soggy when I'm making notes in the shower.
3915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I made this purchase as a gift for my stepmother.  Well, not so much a gift but as a replacement, after I scorched one of her 3 caddies on the stove top.  She was so delighted with the new caddy that she wanted another.  So, I bought her a second one.  Not only does she really like the caddy, but she also discovered tools she had not yet collected in her 60+ years of cooking.  I am glad I made this choice.
321	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a nice little notepad, I like to keep one in my purse and this fit great. I like how the pages are blank instead of lined so I can doodle in there, too.

3110	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cause who said psychoanalyzing yourself can't be fun? But really this is a nice tool for reflection and has large area to write notes.
6896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A left-handed persons' dream come true. I have used cross pens and pencils for over 30 years now. This one is thinner than the gold ones I usually get, but it is just as as practical. The smoothness, of course, is due to the ink "tube", but it's a great combination and balance well. We left-handed persons need a writing tool that flows well, and no one makes then like Cross.
8386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm not going to bother reviewing the calculator itself as there are already 100 reviews doing just that. I'm also assuming that you are purchasing this as a mandatory requirement for a class and therefore have little choice in the matter anyway, or you are a professional in a math/science heavy field and are already aware of the differences in graphing calculators.
3250	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love writing little notes for my friends on this paper! Owls are in right now, and this definately fits the bill!
1783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good planner, high quality of paper. Easy and convenient to use. I liked the idea of separating monthly/weekly/daily. I think it's a good way to uplift the productivity
801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to buy this album for such a long time but I will be honest i haven't played it on my record player just yet because I am unsure if I want to open the seal on it. I'm debating if I want to open it or keep it as a collectable.
8563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an inexpensive calculator that does everything that my son needs.  So far, it seems well-built and reliable.  It should get him through high school calculus.

9965	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as promised
6674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great tool for anyone with a need to set goals and organize time management
8870	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've bought many of these exact gel pads over the years.  I've worn a couple out, even though that's hard to do. The wrist rest is just right, and keeps me from getting a callous on my wrist bone.  Weird but true.  I won't be without this exact mouse pad...although I bought this one for my hubby.
As an added bonus, upon taking the Fundamentals of Engineering exam, a state-issued 8 hour test, I was already fully prepared for the test limitation of "scientific calculator only," whereas many of my friends had to buy this model or similar ones and learn to use it after years of using TI-83's and 89's.  For integrations, graphs, and matrices, those larger and more powerful calculators are excellent, but for the day to day math operations I encountered in nearly every class, whether it be a math class or an engineering design class, the TI-30 was nearly legendary.
This is a lightweight map with a thin lamination on it. I used a regular stapler to tack this up on the wall.
1. Look at all of the labels first before you start putting them on. The first three sheets list the books you'd expect, so naturally I just started with sheet one. However, sheet four has a lot of "special" tags, like "Old Testament", "New Testament", "Special", etc. So for example, if you want a tab at the beginning of the New Testament that doesn't overlap Matthew, you'd have to plan ahead to put that tab first, before you put the tab for Matthew. In other words, look at all the tabs before you put any of them on, so you have a "plan" and it turns out right.
6217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Even though this is simply a journal wrapped in cardboard it seems to be almost indestructible. I put it in my pocket fully expecting these to fall apart or get bent/folded in a few days. However, to my surprise, they hold up just fine, almost no wear on the covers after wearing them in my pocket for a month. The paper is actually relatively thick and it's about the size of a US passport. I take quick notes on these and it's easier to handle than my phone. They're really convenient and I never leave home without it.

480	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Laminated it to last. It's really helped our 4 year old with his counting. Flash cards only go up so high for preschoolers. We have him counting the days he's been in preschool. The repetition, and visuals are great!
8860	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It was too small and the wrist pad was pretty not squishy. We got rid of it. On the plus side, no purchasing issues and it arrived when promised.
4227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice quality journal. If you like its looks, then buy it. I don't like the metal rings on it because I don't like putting the metal on my wooden desk surfaces (scratches). That aside, it's a good buy.
6415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bible pages are very thin and nothing worst than bleeding through the pages.
Would I buy this book for myself?  No, probably not, although I was very interested to see what it looked like.  But it would make a great gift for the wine aficionado or as a hostess gift. Perfect for someone who is really into all the nuances of wine.
6366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this cart!  I use it as a homework station, holds everything for homework, then rolls out of the way!  Very sturdy, easy to put together!  Love it!
551	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this when I taught kindergarten. This was very simple and durable, and students really liked counting how many days of school we had left.
3417	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed for our homeschool classroom.
5642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, packaged securely, I will definitely be back for more!
8811	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wrist pain elimanted in only days!!!
This is also my first thread bound notebook and I'm sold on these forever. They look much nicer than spiral bound and will actually lay flat, unlike glue bound.
3357	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	What a horrid little journal. No binding strip on the the left side, which holds the pages inside the book. For this price they'd couldn't be bothered with a strip? Pages are barely sewn in. Cheap cheap cheap.
2245	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it for school textbooks
226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This yearbook is really cool.  I bought two for each of my daughter's and it showed sneak peeks of new characters coming out and there are scenes at the bottom of the pages. It gives you a history for each character.  It is softsided though.  Might have liked it if it was hardcover.  But, art work is great.  Overall, very pleased and the price is right!!
Evernote is an excellent (free) application for web, desktop, and portable devices that allows you to create digital notebooks and sync them so you have them anywhere. I happen to be a pretty heavy user of the various incarnations of Evernote and love it, too!
81	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this organizer! I've never had one before & figured I wanted to buy newer bible study items, now that I'm getting back on track with my relationship with the Lord. This organizer comes with a lot more than I thought it would! It comes with pockets to hold your Bible, a note pad, a pen, a highlighter, & a strap if you want to wear it on your shoulder. I was expecting the bag to be bigger, but it's not & I'm glad! You can even carry it like a regular purse!
8185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This card stock makes a professional-looking greeting card.  I like it so much that I bought it again when I used up my first batch.
4210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a friend.  She loves to write and I thought this journal would give her a new space for her writing, with some great inspiration on every page.  She loves it.  And that's good enough for me!
5251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these, using them for calculus and computer science courses.
3270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use as a graphing chart in my class.  The cards that came with the product are high quality though and would be easy to write on/wipe off as needed.  The pocket at the bottom is great for holding my questions of the day.
5938	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have used Moleskines for a long time for journaling but have found, as I become more fascinated with mixed media journaling techniques, that I needed something with heavier paper. This is the answer. Beautiful, heavy weight watercolor paper that holds up to everything I have been able to throw on it!
8001	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as expected
4488	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very durable and holds at least 20 posters.
2064	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The art on the notebook is lovely as is the concept of using recycled material and no harsh chemicals to bind the pages. The pages themselves are also not too thin which is a plus for all pen users (like me) who get frustrated when the ink leaks through the paper, making it hard to read when writing on the front and back of a sheet. The one I got however, was badly glued in the front. I understand that, as I mentioned, no harsh, chemical-laden adhesive is used, but the back holds perfectly together. Only the front has a problem, leading me to assume that this notebook I received is defective. I get (and find it cute) that the brand name plays on the idea of the easy decomposition of recycled material, but I fear mine is unfortunately literally decomposing.
6190	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No words are needed for the classic and leader brand Moleskine. Efficiency and style combined.

6724	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little tabs. I actually bought these for myself . I liked the colors and the little animal image attached to each tab. They apply easily when you use the application guide provided in the package. I like that the tab is rounded on the edge, it makes it less likely to be snagged thus causing a tear in your bible page, which can happen with some of the other tabs out there with sharper squared tab edges. The colors are soft and pretty and it does what is was made to do, which is to help me get to a specific book in my bible quickly. I think these are great for kids and adults alike.
8443	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not at all happy. First bit of paint put a hole right through the paper.
4350	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to put in my girls' Bibles so they could find the verses more easily. Great idea, nice and colorful.
And that's where my problem with the notebooks lies.
1889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calendar, lots of little details to admire. I'm not going to get tired of looking at it...
5023	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little pocket notebook is the perfect match for me. The pages are blank making the world my canvas. Love it. I also like the fact that the Moleskine notebook is sturdy and priced right thanks to Amazon.
8697	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	a bit pricey for a mousepad and with as much as we use our computers they only last about 1 year but it works well until it doesn't

Also, my wrist pain went away after using this pad for a few weeks.
9655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The raised area for wrist support is wonderful and I recommend this product for anyone who spends a lot of time using a mouse.  The quality is excellent.
2324	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed and arrive very fast!
6142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my first Moleskine I have ever owned and I really like the quality.  I understand that some of the more seasoned Moleskine owners say that there is a drop in quality but I like it overall.
After the alphabet there are five blank sections with four pages each that you can label any way you want - maybe a section for books to pre-order, favorite literary magazines; websites, Facebook groups.  You may use another section for upcoming author signings and events. You decide what works for you.
5741	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
My favorite feature of this calculator is that it is battery-powered, not solar powered. In rooms where lighting is less than ideal the calculator will still work fine. To save battery life, Texas Instruments included a handy "off" button; the calculator will also shut off after a period of inactivity.
5377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a bit of a Moleskine maniac. Mine came with no defects of any kind. Highly recommended.
The only potential problem that I can see for a new user is the RPN format (By the way, RPN stands for Reverse Polish Notation.  It was invented by a Polish mathematician, Jan Lukasiewicz for symbolic logic.)  RPN is different from the traditional method on entering equations into a calculator, but is easy to learn and use...in fact, once you get used to it, the traditional way seems very clumsy.  For die-hards, the HP 12C Platinum Edition includes both traditional and RPN entry methods and is the one that should be purchased.
I take it with me when I'm going somewhere with my laptop, so it gets bent sometimes while in my bag. Indents are visible on it, but they go away after a little bit.
9710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price for business necessity. These costs a lot more elsewhere
7477	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as well as any handheld calculator. I just wish that entries placed into the memory were to disappear permanently when shutting the gadget off. After turning the calculator back on, its memory is still active from any previous calculation. Then I have to recall the contents of the memory and zero it out to empty it to zero.
7611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great value for price.
3373	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute, easy, and ready for use in your classroom or home.
6045	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	more great products from moleskin, holds up well to some abuse
1969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these.  They get my letters/proposals noticed.
Overall, this is a cool notebook. I use them a lot. And when I am looking for a cool gift for someone, but I don't know what they want, I usually get them a Moleskine, something cool to write with, and something they might like to read. I'd recommend at least trying these out to see what you think.
199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it.

2801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For business purposes, highly inappropriate, but that is what makes it funny. You really wouldn't use this notepad in those situations, but thinking about it, makes you laugh.
407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice map.
5577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great little planner. The extra months make it especially good for academic professionals.
616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made hook key chain. This product will last a good while, it is also good looking. Well done.
1337	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good on Black paper as well as white.  Kind of a bright pastel color.  Nice scents.  I have bought 4 sets of these so far.  Great for coloring.  I love the glittery look.  They will smear a little if you aren't careful.  So far the best gel pens for coloring that I have found.
9478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I almost went with something a little cheaper, but this was well worth the price. It's a nice mousepad that lays flat and works well. the gel area has a little well which means you can sit the heel of your hand in it comfortably.
Even though our house is gluten free, I use the entire pad. You can check off noodles even if you're getting yourself GF noodles, obviously. And if you specifically want avocado oil or something, you can just check off "oil" and write "avo" next to it. The blank spots are super handy too.

6450	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	They break way too easily for a book that is used often.

A great calculator for an excellent price.
The pages contain space for - Name,  Address,  Home phone number,  Mobile number,  Work/fax, and E-mail.
4867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best notebooks!  I bought these for my brother because I love them so.  They're durable, lots of pages, the paper is so nice to write on with my g2 pens.  I feel wasteful getting fancy leather moleskins for most of my writing/notetaking, like I feel guilty using pages for odd notes and calculations and lists.  But these are a good balance - look nice, but okay for class and random tasks and also nicer things like creative writing or travel writing.  They are also durable; I have some fancy composition books and the stitching does not last as long.  I will have these notebooks in my arsenal for a while to come.
9897	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good black text on clear adhesive tape.
9828	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!
8800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work great. Look professional.
4868	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine products are always top notch.
7590	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	works great
3811	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits great and comes clean easy.
6282	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Moleskine. Love the bigger size for note taking in college. The smooth paper is a pleasure to write on, but it's the size that make this specific notebook perfect. During psychology I have enough room to space out definitions, school of thoughts, and anecdotes my professor is adding.

This is the world's longest in production, best selling, and best and most robust financial calculator, and there is a reason. Look past the retro cool look and design, and don't smirk when you see this on the desk of 40, 50, and even 60 year-old finance executives: the long enduring market for this calculator is not a market anomaly. The HP 12-C is successful because it is very very good at what it does.
9389	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The keys have a pretty long stroke.  I wish they didn't have to be pushed so deliberately in a specific manner.  It makes for slower computations than I would like.
3453	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are so cute but won't be using them til Spring.  They do bring a smile when you look at them.  Great Christmas stocking stuffer for any kids or adults that love stickers.
3967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife think this a great calendar at a GREAT price. The squares are the right size for us.
OK.  August 2007 -- I spilled Diet Pepsi on it and bought another one.  I like this mouse pad!

7218	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very bright paper.  Makes colors pop
2885	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a gift for my boss and he LOVES IT! It's very clever and funny. I highly recommend it for anyone that likes to be a sass when it's needed.
8595	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This calculator seems to be a good scientific calculator.  Unfortunately, it was not what I needed.  I had a TI 30X-A that was about 20 years old.  I loved it, but alas, it died.  When I went to replace, I could see the benefits of a two line calculator.  I liked the idea of dual power.
8235	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The avery Half-Fold Greeting Cards for Inkjet Printers are great for Greeting Cards and Invitations. I have made Invitatons and Greeting Cards with ease using this kit. You can easly download Avery Templates and Software to help you make beautiful cards everyone will enjoy receiving.
2002	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Overall, I like these markers.  I got the pastel ones.  Quality may not be superb but they do the job
9835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thank you
but not the best
1873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and fun.
6538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Finally a planner with the to do list BEFORE the week grid as it should be. Plenty of places to write things whether you follow their guidelines or not, and nice smooth but sturdy paper.  It's also a nice non reflective finish which I appreciate.
7768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent calculator that has served me well over many years. My daughter needed a non-programmable calculator for exams in one of her college classes, so I gave her mine and ordered this same calculator for me. It works like a charm and does exactly what I need it to do.
6575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like it, exactly what I was looking for.
6551	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this for last year's planner, and really loved it!
8015	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I lost my original TI-89 that I came to love in college when I moved from my first engineering job.  I found this one for cheap and was a little skeptical on the quality before I received it, but figured I wouldn't be out much money-wise.  It blew my mind how good a shape this calculator was in when I got it.  The batteries must've been old because they had a leaked a little, but I cleaned it off, put in fresh batteries, and it has been working great ever since. The only thing missing is one of the rubber pieces on the case, but I don't consider it a loss at all.  I'm very happy with this purchase.  This purchase gave me confidence to consider other used purchases.
Once you get the hang of it, its very fast to calculate PV, NPV, FV, Cost of Capital, etc.
6285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I carry as my paper note book - with pencil or ballpoint, it is great.
8077	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great deal works perfect
22	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	grandkids love'em
6918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cross fountain pens have always treated me well.  Like the size, not too heavy, not too light and good balance.
I usually get the standard hard cover Moleskines, but for some projects get the Volant, which is really just a soft cover version of the same with slightly different paper. Even the Cashier Journals rock for what they are.
8046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm happy!
I am a Moleskine enthusiast and use them for art journal and writing journals.  This is an awesome use for we book lovers!
8161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for a college math class. Calculator works well and does what it is supposed to. Arrived quickly w/ no damage. (When did calculators get so expensive?) No complaints from the student using it.
  * None
I called Belkin - which was no fun, btw - and they're going to replace it ... AS LONG AS I first send them this faulty one, paying the postage. That means I'll probably have to go for a few weeks without a mouse pad. Drats!

7188	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	reordered a product I bought before
8887	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice mouse pad for the price! does what it should, and doesn't slide around like my last inexpensive mouse pad. I just use it for work, though I've done a bit of gaming on it. For gaming, I might get a different pad.
3753	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Hi - i am actually writing this review because i got back into trying to achieve the perfect shot -  i do agree that its messy - and the static - i never paid too much attention to that - but it is messy - has some static and loud -  but i do have to say that i had mines for 11 years !!  i never done anything to it - which maybe was a reason for my espresso grinds not working out correctly -  i finally opened it up - just top part - and it was full of dried up oily beans etc, -  i did a good cleaning - put it back -  and then filled the hopper with white rice - any cheap kind - will be fine -  ran it thru -  it cleaned it up nicely -  be sure to run some beans after and throw them out - some rice will be still in there -  but have to say its held up very nice - well worth the price i paid -
4483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy!!
5483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I already bought this in the past. Great notebook, I don't really use the snap function with Evernote but I still love the style of this notebook. You always distinguish yourself with this elegant notebook. Moleskine is a leader in this.
5780	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Pages are really, REALLY thin and flimsy. You will not be able to draw on the back of your pages unless you want to see the drawings from the reverse side through your new work. If you still want this sketchbook, know that you'll need to put a thicker sheet of paper under every page you work on because even medium pressure will make dents on the opposite page, rendering that one (and possibly a couple more below it) useless too. It's only good for light pencil work. If you do a lot of quick pencil sketches on the go, you might like this. But even in that case there are better small sketchbooks out there.
9633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My neighbor ordered this and he said it did a great job. He finished in the top 100 in the world in his field so I guess it did the job.


I suppose the only reason I've used so many of them was because I just wanted to a good notebook and they sure *seem* like they'd be good when you pick one up in the store.  Like Mulder on the X-Files, I really wanted to believe in Moleskine.  And I wanted to give the product an honest chance before giving up on it.  But now I'm convinced they are not worthy of my good notes.  Maybe I'll use the ones I still have for mundane stuff like shopping lists or something.  They COULD be a good notebook if Moleskine could just build a durable binding.
4731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This does not necessarily need to be used for addresses.  This just has lined pages with an alphabetical thumb index.  This is great for organizing/accessing information alphabetically.

5. Not ideal for someone who doesn't do a lot of to-do lists and delegating.
5280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this notebook.  And have since made another purchase for a smaller size, softcover.
650	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was initially drawn to the i>clicker Android app because it meant one less thing I had to carry around with me. I needed it for a few classes since it was part of my participation grade.
3507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a classically trained chef, I have an extensive collection of kitchen items not always found in a typical home. I tend to think of kitchen products from a professional point of view, although I enjoy many items made for home use. Le Creuset is uncommon in professionally kitchens; however they manufacture quality and effective products.

Seriously disappointed with Belkin over this change and not updating the product information. I would recommend you do not buy this and instead purchase a mouse pad with an actual Gel rest.
4952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was tired of writing little notes and measurements on my hand, writing shopping lists on whatever scrap of wood was laying around the job site, and trying to draw plans on napkins.  I needed something I could carry with me all the time.  Too large and I'd leave it in the truck.  Too small and I'd lose it in the laundry.  This is the perfect size for my back left pocket.  An added bonus is that it balances out my wallet and makes driving a lot more comfortable.  Within 2 days I carrying this in my pocket I stopped noticing that it was there.  Within a week I was filling up pages with everything from coworkers' lunch orders, to email addresses, lists of specialty tools needed for jobs the next day, small sketches and diagrams, and whatever else I wanted to remember.  I'm one of the last people that will eventually start using a smart phone, and this greatly helps delay the inevitable.

If you want watercolor or an art book, then get a Moleskine made for that purpose.
1065	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	My wife wanted to know more about perspective.  However, this book works if you plan to draw insides of rooms or plant a crop in a field.  My wife does landscape and cityscape paintings.  This book was not helpful.
anything Staples or other retailers were offering without delivery charges. I was so satisfied that I ordered TWO
5374	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Really small
2845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome gag gift!

5636	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This journal looks great -- black cover with authors names and titles on it in a range of language, a fabric covered rubber band to hold it closed, tabs with letters to organize the entries please an index you can create, and tri colored ribbons to mark your place in the journal.  It even includes a bookmarker in case you need one.
LOL now I have a calculator research spreadsheet and I didn't need it.  Also, buy Purina Friskies Party Mix Original Crunch, 6-Ounce (Pack of 7) on Amazon using the auto ship (pick anywhere from sending every month to every 3 months or longer).  Purina Friskies Party Mix Original Crunch, 6-Ounce (Pack of 7) are MUCH cheaper buying this way online than buying in a grocery store.
2430	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what was needed Great product
I have purchased other journals before and found them lacking in the paper quality or the overall size of the journals themselves. The Moleskine Journal by far has lived up to its heralded reputation and up to my abuse of the notebook itself. I have written in them for a number of years and will continue to purchase them. They make great daily journals or just writing down whims of fancy and prose.
3200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used it to store my many boarders that I have purchased over the years, holds a lot, more than the suggested
3224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are super easy. Just slip in a flashcard or printable and you have an easy game!
63	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this cover for my 10 year old girl.  She really liked it! Her Bible fits perfectly and we made a cute journal notebook to take with it.  Very pleased.
7459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Took my smaller one for my purse and this sits right next to me. Use it almost daily. Just the right size to fit in the palm of my hand and is even manufactured with subtle indentations to perfectly fit the hand ergonomcally (I am a medium size female).
1345	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Flows easily but gloppy, resulting in too much product. Colors are soft, bordering on dull, which was a surprise because at first I thought they were almost neon.
The strengths are that the skillet is solid and well-built. The nonstick finish is well attached, and looks like new after four months. The nonstick finish is slightly textured which helps distribute oil.
This thing is great for basic math, exponents, logs, etc.
7155	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	My Cartridge squeaked and was empty of ink. My hp4050 said after I installed it, to replace it. It was low on toner. The box was sealed completely, so it must have been a factory screw up. Now my printer is down for another 2 weeks. We had to buy a replacement printer to handle our printing needs.
RIDICULOUS!
1514	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these with my watercolor pencils (Inktense by Derwent and Aquarelle by Faber-Castell) and they are very fun. They are easy to fill up and once they are closed, they don't leak. You do have to make sure to tighten them after filling. There is a place on the barrel that says "Push" and you push gently on that area to get the water flowing. I would recommend having a separate piece of paper on the side to test that on first because it will give you a big drop of water the first time. After that, you don't have to push continually to keep the water flowing. These will give you a good amount of water so be sure to color on paper that is able to handle that or it will get wrinkled fairly quickly. The only thing I wish they had was a way to adjust how much water comes out because sometimes I only want a little bit of water. For those times, I sometimes push out a drop of water and empty the tip a bit and use that, because the brush will flow for awhile before you have to push on it again. If they could add a twist valve so you could reduce the flow of water, that would make them even better. I've seen that other people fill them with watercolor pigment, but I use them exclusively with my watercolor pencils so I only use them with plain water.
9561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I need. It's accurate and no need for recalibration.
7764	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just the one I needed for school.
Cons: The map (and lamination) is rather thin. The lamination is not heavy-duty enough to prevent tears or rips. We're protecting it further by hanging it on the wall inside a cheap poster frame.
By comparison, with a lot of cheap printers, if the yellow runs out, or the holes in the magenta printing jet plug, you need a whole new cyan-yellow-magenta ink-and-jet cartridge -- and the cartridges usually hold very little ink.
2528	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a great map with lots of detail. The details get lost when looking at Alaska, but otherwise it looks very nice. The gloss finish is also nice, though it would be better if it were laminated. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good wall map of the lower 48. Alaska would really need its own map to do the state justice.
4684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A delightful gift.
5105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these as exercise journals. Very durable design. Can't go wrong.
9782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This replaced my 30 year old unit..My son liked so he kept it...

* This is a thin, though not overly scant pad of paper (30 sheets/60 pages)
5238	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent

8085	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good buy less than office Dep.
3855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This board has wonderful, bright, true colors.  It's just the size I was looking for - most of them are about half this size.  It's a great addition to my kitchen!!
This one's my choice for everyday calculations - and I teach Stat and Operations Research :-)
4837	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Although this is large, it works as a desktop diary. Well made and bendable.  Nice paper inside and will use this as a diary/journal
3814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing.  Retains sharpness freaskishly well with annual pro sharpening.
4145	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	liked
So why the 4 stars?  Because the quality is just not quite what it was.  The newer iterations are not as robust as the earlier models.  I've met LOTS of people still using originals, but very few who keep a newer 12C going for more than a few years.  Of course, at the current price it's a throwaway anyway.  I paid the 2016 dollars equivalent of $350 for my original.
6890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful pen with a quality feel to it; super thin!
This pen bleeds through thin pages, ink splotches and gobs up at times and one of the ink's didn't even work at all.
9568	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with my purchase. The product is just what I expected and I am a happy customer.

There is space for brushes, some sculpting tools, and other supplies an artist might want to carry around.  I like that it zips completely closed so 1) none of the contents can fall out and 2) the brushes are protected from dirt, dust, rain, etc.  The spine and sides of the case are very stiff so the case can't be bent vertically or horizontally, offering further protection for brushes and other supplies in the case.  It's slim (about 1" wide zipped up) so it doesn't take much room in a backpack or supply bag.  It's 6.5" across and 16" tall.
1482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these kitchen shears because they're USA-made, but I'm so impressed with the quality! They feel substantial and are very smooth and sharp. They've been very durable and I highly recommend them!
3154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love these because I can have one big pocket chart or 3 smaller ones, depending on my needs. They're a must for any new teacher, I have had one set for many years. I bought a second set because we have so many more things to post. The first set has held up well, as I expect this to.
3141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to set up and helpful for students.
On to the more important stuff though-
  * Not available
604	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
I love the size because I find it to be more portable than most. I did purchase the larger folio ones for class notes, and they were wonderful. I'm not sure what the margin width Moleskine uses for their ruled books, but it's perfect for my tiny handwriting.
3847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Posting this review as there is some conflicting information regarding size. These cups/mugs are actually 350ml/11.5 oz capacity (NOT tiny 4 oz, or smaller 8 oz as been suggested elsewhere). It states this information on the box, you should receive these in a Roya lAlbert design box with this printed on it. MSRP is $58.00 as stated on the box.


2047	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calendar!
PROs
7164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these in my HP LaserJet for years. Performance is consistent and cost per page is low. If you are getting exactly this item, you can shop by price and convenience. However, I would accept no substitutes.
6.  To clean the brush, just run it through the dishwasher on the top tray.
6859	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is definitely worth the money and it's shiny
For example, if the tax rate is 8.33% and you enter in 150 [Tax-] it will say the pre-tax amount is 138.465. You will need to put in register 138.47. This will give you a total sale amount of 150.00

9624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I noticed my wrists were starting to hurt after a long day of typing, this helped alleviate stress on my wrists. The size is good, not too big or small.
6406	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good for Bible studying and marking places you want me I remember from the Bible
9497	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This seemed like a good buy, but the hand rest part where the palm goes has literally caved in.. It's like buying one of those never-deflate pillows and getting one that turns mushy after you use it for  a few weeks. This thing is piece of s***--period.
1114	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Original Review:  The price was right -- half as much as the lab notebook sold at the school bookstore, but this one is perforated so that the pull-out is the original. It's supposed to be the copy. I have to manually cut out the teacher's copy. The teacher laughed and said, "that's what happens when you try to go cheap."
7294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is nice, thick paper. Very professional looking. I have a canon  mg6320 inkjet and the print comes out great with this paper.
  * Copier Type
914	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The map wasn't laminated as firmly as I expected or would have liked, but nontheless is a great map to put on a wall. One of my favorite world maps.
Usually I would end up trying to cram this stuff into the margins of my old address book, which got the job done but wasn't very pretty.
331	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We love this map! It hangs in our living room and we mark on it the places we have been. It is very large so make sure you have enough space on your wall for it. We currently do not have it in a frame because it would likely be expensive to find one big enough. We love it though!
735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it

9159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.  No complaints.
4534	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very handy for my middle school classroom. No complaints.

The pages are a sexy 100gsm, really nice to write on.

1. The  choice of cases for this are kind of lousy. 2. Applications built into this  device could have been a little more intuitive.
Sarah Young and her husband are missionaries who have spent time overseas teaching others about Jesus and his love for us all. During this time, she started to journal her thoughts and words that she heard Jesus speak to her as well as Scripture verses that spoke to her. She ended up turning those writings into "Jesus Calling," a daily devotion that we can all read to feel peaceful when we need it most.
1.  Construction:  It is hard-bound and well-constructed.
9786	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've wanted a staple gun for a while but never really had a specific need for one and didn't want to spend the money on something I didn't have a project to use it on.  I probably should have chosen one that was more directed towards crafts, but this one has worked fine because it accepts the different size staples that are needed for different projects, even if they are 'heavy duty'.

9605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using mice for over 13 years now and I have to say that this is one of the best wristpad mouse pads I ever got. It doesn't look like much when you first get it but my wrists haven't strained at all while using it. I highly recommend this mousepad!
6423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	item is great. great quality, great fast service, would do business with these folks again, may order a second one as a gift.

5813	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kids love these little notebooks.  I always keep them handy with fun pens for car trips, restaurants and other times when we need activities.
I am an illustrator, so sketching is a daily need for me.  I always battled with sketchbooks because they felt as sturdy as napkins and just as useless when it comes to archiving.  Even the heavy grade more expensive ones felt either TOO thick and textured for graphite and ink or just flimsy and overpriced.  I had to use bristol board notebooks for a long time (which was expensive) because I just could not find the right balance.  All I have to say it - holy cow, this is THE BEST sketchbook I have ever owned.

1763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The calendar was very good photo of taylor
8804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it, very soft and comfortable.  Great for the wrist.
I do not like how it can separate the cover from the body though.


6970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The pen is thin and lightweight, just to my liking. It writes superb and if you ever want to convert it into a pencil, it is very simple. All around it is a great pen for a great buy.
Liked them so much, I gifted some and bought extras for future journals in case this one goes away.  It also comes with a clear cover which you can keep on or take off.  I decided to keep mine on for a little extra durability.
8005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When your TI-85 just can't handle it.
3387	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I laminated these so that they will last for several years. They are perfect and true to their color. I love how big they are. I can put them high in the room and they kids are still able to read the words for each one.
9183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Been using it for a long time - wrist pad is compressed a bit - time to get a new one.
8411	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it
8861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this one - the wrist support is great and the mouse moves very smoothly on the neoprene surface
2736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun little notepad to write some quick info down to give someone else
These cards are very classy, and would be perfect for any classy occasion (showers, weddings, etc..) or to just have on hand when you want to drop someone a thank you note.  They would be especially handy for teachers to have on hand when their students bring them gifts during the holidays or end of the school year.
Overall, I know you won't want to spend money on something you'll likely use only for class, but it does help.
Networking
3019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everybody laughs at these
2304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gift idea for those that love reading and still likes to have the actual book.
931	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
4434	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't like to take sneak peeks into upcoming months - it ruins the surprise - but so far the photos have been beautiful. Simple astronomical information is given - phases of moon, location of planets with respect to moon, meteor showers, etc. Also lists holidays and has short descriptions of the photos. Just enough room to mark your own personal upcoming occasions.
I've cooked beets, carrots, chicken Marsala, Lentils, Red Beans and Rice and countless other dishes.  Everything has been just wonderful.  I love having the larger sizes for stocks and stews and soups as well but this one is my go-to cooker, it is a kitchen essential for me.
9587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have now had this a couple months and it is holding up very well. The material doesn't get dirty like a lot of fabric mouse pads. The gel isn't too firm and actually molds to your wrist after a couple months. I have spent at least $100 looking for a comfortable mouse pad for my office and I am glad to say that this is it.
Things I DO like are that they have the arrow on the back so that you can mark where you are on the side of the page if you want. I think these would be Fantastic for textbooks and studying because you can put multiple ones in the book and it won't bulk it up.
7086	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are affordable and easy to install. They are a GREAT buy! I have had no problems with them whatsoever ~
1350	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As far as gel pens go, these are decent. The ink flows smoothly, never skips, and despite being scented, doesn't smell bad. But, they aren't spectacular. I would have been just as happy with a set of regular pastel gel pens. These ones write in just one color at a time, and when one uses enough ink to reach the point where the colors meet, the ink switches to an unpleasantly muddy color for a surprisingly long time before it completely changes to the next one.
love it!
2637	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Super handy and useful - we're big fans!
5334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have many, many Moleskine notebooks...they are perfect for my varied needs.  I really like to use these large hardbound notebooks as my Commonplace books, because they are sturdy and the perfect size for recording the various pithy comments and quotations one always comes across, and do not want to forget.  These notebooks, together with the weekly planner and assorted cahiers, fit into my fauxdori very nicely, so they are always close to hand.
It's time for me to head back to school, DeVry University's Keller Graduate School of Management that is.  This time I am in pursuit of my MBA with a concentration in Networking and Telecommunications. Why pursue a boring ole traditional MBA when new technology is to be learned?  So that means math; lots of math; loads of math in the form of algebra, calculus, and the ever dread statistics.
2033	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Recommend!
7028	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this calendar. He enjoys learning about the days of the week, month, and year. This is a fun learning tool. Magnets work and stick well. Would recommend!
Wish hanger dips were larger. Plastic  hangers tend to slide out if bumped or moved.  Top and bottom pieces fold down to make an easy to carry pole.  It has some weight to it but the legs are molded plastic. Seems as if they can break easily.  I like the height a lot and the convenience of the rotating top piece.
2355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a pretty bookmark that will last. I didn't care for the tassel, so I took it off. Otherwise, though, I really like the bookmark.
8000	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Forced to buy this because my professor doesn't allow graphing calculators. You can tell this is bottom of the barrel just to get the job done. TI-80 series are much more expensive but well worth the premium. The button feel on this calculator is gross and will slow you down, which is crucial on tests.
6015	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this as well as the thicker notebook. This product seems cheap and not as useful as the more expensive notebook which has more pages but more $$.
Great bookmarks just the same!
7460	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buttons are rubbery and the touch when pushing down on them is really nice.  Would be nice to have rubber pads on the bottom, but can't expect that at this great price.
This is for inkjet printers only and before I selected this product, I had missed that description.  I did try it in my laser printer with the duplex option set and the card stock got jammed as expected.  However, it did print the front of the card beautifully before that happened.  I then printed a saying on regular paper and glued it to the back of the card.  Obviously, if you have an inkjet printer, you won't have to do this. Instead, I had my friend use this product on her inkjet printer. Below is her review:
3058	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Kind of expensive, but fun!
8280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described.
2296	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good book mark
5549	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this book, my only issue is that the Mickey imprint isn't as apparent as i would like it to be.
1376	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My grand daughters both love these and so do I.  The scent is mild - not overwhelming.  Colors are bright and vivid.  Would buy again.
337	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome and cheap...:-)
4715	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good but expensive
Not to mention I'm a college student and honestly, it looks pretty cool on my wall.
8597	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Main Points:
9101	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good

2465	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived timely and in a nice plastic sleeve.  The tassel is actually pretty good quality.  Great for boys and girls.  Great as a gift.

2894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good humor noted yet very true :)
2201	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love to read so my bookmarks get worn out pretty fast. I bought this one and the "yin yang" and "sun" bookmarks as well. They are made of thick paper, so they might not last long if you use them a lot but they are pretty and I love the quotes and the beads! They come in a plastic cover you can leave the bookmark in there if you want it to last longer.
6452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like these.  However, I wish that I made my own application guide.  It is setup so they are as close together as possible.  However, if you make a guide that gives 10% more space, you won't run into a situation with tabs that slightly interfere.  This is important on the very closely packed books in the New Testament.
1440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very helpful for class
6631	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
109	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good product
8975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a second purchase - we love this mouse pad. It is comfortable and does not take up a huge amount of space and is affordable.
4981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very simply after a few decades of using all forms of calendar planners, I discovered this one and can't imagine going backward to Day Timers, Day Runners, Covey, Letts, etc. I have also used Moleskine's pocket size planners and journals (both black and red, both 12 and 18 month format) and their "large" planners and journals (black 12 and 18 month format.

6942	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent pens and an even better price.
2740	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	They are not sticky enough to stay in place, even temporarily.
8095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff
4818	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	While I wanted to get the bigger one, not the large but the size up from this, I still like it
8900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality, size and feel. one of the best pads i used
9649	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	bought this for my middle-aged mother and she really likes it. The rest bar is very comfortable and really helps her when she is spending long hours doing family history research.
9431	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is my first time using a mouse wrist pad and it is taking some getting use to. Sometimes I am somewhat resticted & can't move the mouse where I want to. I'm rating it a 4 because it is comfortable but I'm still adjusting to using it.
  * None
6992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You cannot find a better pen that makes a great statement and is totally functional.  The very best -- so buy it already!!
1702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calendar. I love the comics, and the puzzles and trivia on the back of each page!!
One thing that bugs me is that they say "imported from Italy", but it says on the notebook printed and bound in China, designed and assembled in Italy.  I don't care where it comes to the US from, to me that's made in China, and it should have a made in China price to go with it
8941	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap cushion in the wrist-rest wears out fast, rendering it essentially useless.
3771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The color is gorgeous, it's quite useful.
1280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and great service!
3669	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice selection of paper for journals, etc.

5533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has been a good notebook and the math doesn't hurt it at all.  3 months of evernote premium plus a notebook for under $20 is an excellent deal.  The size is a bit smaller than I expected but very usable.  I will probably buy another couple instead of just paying the evernote premium fee. So far I am happy with the evernote program as well.  I use it on iPad and iPhone.  The stickers are OK but I was hoping for maybe QR codes (reading this Evernote?)  The stickers are not important once digitized anyway.  I will update after I get fully literate in the Evernote part of this product.
3) Don't buy these cartridges in advance.  There's no point in having one "waiting in the wings", and you might not be able to take advantage of the warranty if it's defective.  You'll know when the cartridge starts to run out of ink, and even with free shipping, Amazon will deliver it to you within a week.
  * Max document size
190	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Peppa!
9011	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is something I have never had before, and it is something I need to help my productivity at my job.  It is very comfortable and it keeps my wrists at the correct angle.  For anyone who uses a computer ,I highly recommend this.

9452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
9765	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great
3061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I filled this out for my sister and she loved it. :)
8303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just as specified works great will purchase more from this seller

8821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
WTF - is wrong with you?
6744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an outstanding planner. I will be getting 16-17 version as soon as it becomes available. The only thing I would change is to make it and year round planner instead of 9 months but I've been told the new ones will include summer which will make it perfect for me. My life doesn't end when the school year does. We have a whole new set of activities.
While reading other reviews today, I found a solution to the problem that I've been having.  The tape doesn't always stay put.  B Douglas G. Huisken on May 23, 2015, shared the solution.  Essentially, he irons the tape (no steam) to get the labels to stay where they are placed.  Great!
Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. For this reason, it is recommended to use on low to medium heat. There are a few exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Otherwise, cooking with high heat may cause food to stick, discolor the enamel coating, or unevenly cook the food. Cast iron also retains heat, keeping food warm while serving.
5121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a lab notebook. It is perfect for that. I love the folder in the back.
7589	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing. So much nicer than the less expensive ones. Spend the extra $4 or $5 and get this calculator

The only inks I haven't had a problem with are very light ballpoint refills (specifically the turquoise Fisher Space Pen refills). They're light enough to not show through, and because they're ballpoints the ink isn't absorbed into the paper.
5333	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time as as expected.  Perfect for diary and record keeping. Compact for travel and easy to use with the elastic band and page place holder.  Moleskine notebooks have a great history of users ( from Van Gogh to Picasso to Hemingway and others).
8227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	7th grader likes it. It's lightweight, and definitely will do the job.
Great bookmarks just the same!
5003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these, high quality, last well.
351	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This map of the United States is printed on light-weight paper that would not withstand a lot of wear, especially if it was folded and unfolded much. However, it suits our purpose is planning a month-long auto trip starting in South Carolina going west along the south and then swinging back east along the northern states. We are placing small stickers on the map to mark out places of interest. The map is certainly worth the small Amazon price.
1049	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We all have GPS now-a-days, but there's no substitute for a highly detailed map book by Delorme.
8160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item
It's held together by the strap and the front cover has a pocket to slide receipts or anything you may need right away.
I like that each day has its own section on the page, and I can just tack it up on my bulletin board and fill it in as needed!

3175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great idea! I love this. I ordered one for my daughter as well.
4760	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I never knew using a moleskine could feel so good! I'm really happy with my purchase. It's the perfect size for me. The pages are sturdy and smooth. Ink goes on it wonderfully and sketching on it feels fantastic. I love the bookmark a lot and the band to keep it together it really nice. I will definitely keep getting moleskines in the future. I should add that in the beginning I had always been dubious about the moleskine product and I don't think I had any real expectations so I was pleasantly surprised when I got to use it!


2433	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for what I needed.  I wanted an address book that would fit in my purse without taking up a lot of space and this is perfect. I read that people complained that it was difficult to write in, which might be a bit more challenging (I certainly wouldn't say difficult) but that is to be expected with a smaller book.  The paper seems to be good quality as well.
I would like to believe that some small but extremely annoying bugs of the "original" BA2+ has been quietly fixed on the BA2+N. In particular, I wish to see the "Reset" button nuisance which clears all user input formatting on the BA2+ has been done alway with. Most users of BA2+ would know that an accident user soft reset would return to the default Number of Periods per year P/Y to 12, this would upset the results of many TVM calculations when user has set the P/Y to "1" to use the calculator in "number of periods" instead.
3312	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful presents.  Got them framed and gave them as presents.  Everyone loved them.
3891	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	These may be fine hangers but they are not what I expected. The exterior edge is sharp, rather than rounded as I thought it would be, like the others I've seen. I will use these but wish I had found something rounder so as to leave less imprint on clothing. As well, they are very flexible, seems they are good only for light things.
The stencils are categorized so that all the planes will fit on one card, flowers on another, etc.  Here are the categories included in this set:

3623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	FURBABIES LOVE THEM

9824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A spare for my labeler
6924	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for a gift for my son. I have had a similar set for years.
6320	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	At 240 pages this is just the right size to slip into purse, backpack, briefcase ...
66	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Terrific. Fits medium size Bible. Lots of pockets.
4131	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Students love them
3732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use watering cans on my patio to hold silk flowers.  This cat is the cutest watering can I have EVER seen.  It is very well made and sturdy.  The little tube coming from her mouth for the water is darling and her eyes actually sparkle.  I have no idea if she really holds water, however i have a good idea that she does.  This is a watering can that you would never want to put away, as she would look great sitting on a shelf or counter.  WELL worth the money!!!!! She is REALLY cute.
8031	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really really like this calculator for what it is, and the price was WAY right for what it does.  I gave it 5 stars because it is SO useful day to day...  except in advanced mathematics...
115	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is very nice
  * SIMM 72-pin
I would strongly recommend buying one if your looking for a place to put your thoughts, although if you journal more seriously then I do (I just like jotting down my thoughts occasionally) you may want to upgrade to the "Large" for ease of writing and to have more sheets. Journaling daily in this thing would be a pain. This is more sized for writing down thoughts as they strike you, not multi-page daily reflections. If you want to do that, get the larger size.
I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review. I gave this item a 4 out of 5 rating because of the flimsy feeling with the product. If the product breaks or holds up for an extended period I will update this review.
*Lists are fabulous if you 1. can find where you left it, 2. use it, 3. see one, see two.... This book actually is very focusing, I would 100% recommend it for anyone who needs to organize their time, focus on the goals, and make something happen....
1219	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My first impression of this coloring book was what a nice heavy duty quality the cover is and the size of the book, in dimensions.  I was very excited to try this book out, I have used others in the past and still haven't found the coloring book I just LOVE.  I used two different types of markers on the first title page to see if they would bleed through.  They bled through.  So I need to purchase some colored pencils and try this book again.  Otherwise, it is a nice book.  The coloring pages are beautiful, there is a nice variety of pictures and they are good size.  If anyone can recommend some good colored pencils to use for this, I am searching amazon now.
8323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great

8701	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	pad too short for a tall person
2080	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Ordered a few of these bookmarks and really like them. Sturdy and stylish. I read a great deal of books and unfortunately don't always finish one before moving on to the next, so I need a steady supply of bookmarks and this was a good addition to my collection.
 Labeled on Each Page for Tags and Date.
1694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calender
5815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these little books to jolt down ideas, phone numbers etc.  A great little notebook.  They are small, so I'm not sure how people use them as journals (it would be full after one entry by me LOL!).  I've used mine to keep my budget and it's small enough to carry in your handbag.  It does not have lines on the inside so is great for drawing up ideas.
The journal is bound well so that it lays flat, even from the beginning.
8915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great on my desk!
8945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work real good. Perfect height for wrist to lay on . Much better then my last one, and it's black so it doesn't show dirt!
9877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Been using Dymo for years, I have four of them and I love them. With my penmanship, it's a must.
These little monthly planners are perfect for on the go planning and note keeping.  You won't worry about synchronizing data,  a hard drive crash or losing an expense piece of technology.
If I wanted a refilled used laser toner cartridge I would have bought one and at a much lower cost than this one is selling at - hence my surprise to see I was sent a refilled cartridge.
1626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
8134	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cheaper then most stores and works great
9815	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	ok
9860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cartridges work great and best label maker I've ever purchased.
4931	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my mother, who is a singer/songwriter. It's a beautiful book. It's the perfect size to put in a purse or bag and carry with you. I love that there are staffs on one side and a blank page on the other. I think she will get a lot of use out of this. I love Moleskin products. The paper is a high quality, and I love that it has an elastic band to keep the book shut.
4625	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have several granddaughters 6-8 years old who love to do art work.  I used to have a magnetic Crayola set and was hoping these would be similar.  While they're not magnetic, they love to use them.
Weekly layout is great with the days on the left for schedule & a blank page on the right for notes, etc.
- notes about 5 pages
798	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	FINALLY RE-MASTERED with ALL of the SUBTLETIES the BEATLES Originally Intended.
6223	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I works nicely as a sketch book for Zentangle art since it has squares for laying out designs.
5565	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love the feel of this notebook. It sits flat when I'm using it and has a nice soft floppy cover. The pages are a little thinner than I'm used to though.

8875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product, fast shipping. Thanks
What I recommend this is for general daily use of a computer but not for competitive gaming. It is fairly compact (about 7" x 9"). The material is not very soft in the wrist rest section but decent enough to render some needed support.
4344	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product as described - easy instructions that guide you where to put the tabs. I also like the different colors of tabs. Good buy to clearly mark each book in the bible.
8018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter would not of passed Physics without it.
5233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I loved that these came in a set of three. I designated one for work, one for personal use, and one as backup. I carry it around in the Moleskine A4 folio and love that I can always have it with me to jot down any thoughts or notes without adding significant weight to my shoulder tote. It has a signature folder flap in the back, a feature I have come to love using Moleskine notebooks for a while. Despite the covers being made of paper, they are surprising durable and have withstood significant wear and tear from many journeys on planes and trains; even having gotten a bit wet at one point. They lay flat but can be folded like one would a spiral bound. I like that the back pages are tear-out although I didn't realize those until I neared the end of one of them. The pages tear out easily enough if needed so I'm not sure this is necessary; I might suggest that either all or none of the pages have this perforation. At any rate, they don't interfere with the user experience. I purchased the graph paper notebooks but they also have lined. (I find graph paper notebooks harder to find but seek them out because my handwriting and thought organization somehow improve.)

It is a great means for connectedness - seeing where you are in respect to everyone else in this country (and snippets of Canada and Mexico) corrects your perspective on things. It has opened my eyes. :-)
8118	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.  My daughter like it.

6009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use notebooks in three sizes.  I like the smallest notebook for carrying in my back pocket.  This notebook is handy to have in your back, as it is too large for most pockets, but it bends really well and writes well.  The cover and binding will stay intact for a long, long time making them great for recording thoughts and ideas that you may not get back to for years.  I generally record product ideas and meeting notes in these and in a cramped setting they shine the most.
9978	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are used specifically for my genealogy folders -- labeling folders for each couple.  I find the labeling tape made of plastic lasts longer than the paper labeling tape.
Just rip and go. . .
640	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased originally purchased this journal on Amazon for the purposes of keeping in my vehicle glove box as a service record. Due to its size and the elastic closure I thought it would be perfect for that, but once it arrived and I discovered how beautiful and well made it was there was absolutely no way I could fathom using it for that purpose and have adopted it as my 2016 personal journal.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Softcover-Writing-Notebook-Table-of-Contents-185-Numbered-Pages-Archival-Stickers-Premium-Ruled-Paper-5-75-34-x-8-25-34-Expandable-Interior-Pocket-Bookmark-Perfect-Bible-Journal-or-Diary/dp/0692499555/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Softcover Writing Notebook: Table of Contents, 185 Numbered Pages, Archival Stickers, Premium Ruled Paper 5.75" x 8.25", Expandable Interior Pocket, Bookmark. Perfect Bible Journal or Diary.</a>
5344	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smooth, flat pages.  The pages lie flat when you open them.  Plenty of seams with alot of stitching.  A great companion book.
* Perfect weight paper has a quality feel
1884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect
6108	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected.
3884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Six years ago I saw a blurb in the local newspaper about this nifty gadget that would pull a cork out of a wine bottle just by pushing a button.  I purchased it through Oster's online store and liked it so much I bought a couple more to give as gifts.  Alas that early model 4207 has died.  Apparently, the rechargable battery has lost its ability to hold a charge.  So while it gamely tries, it won't extracate most corks.
3804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great templates
4992	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	If you get a good copy, this is a great notebook, but there seems to be a lot of sample variation here. I've bought four of these. Of them, two have been good, the other two exhibit large levels of feathering with fountain pens. I've tried the same pen with the same ink on two of these, one feathers always, one doesn't. I've tried different pens and different inks and it's consistent.
5502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have ADD and Evernote helps me keep my life together. And I try to keep everything digital - but when one has ADD, the pinging of e-mails and banner ads can be very distracting, so notebooks are helpful. You can unplug and think a little.
This is a great little journal for recording your various journeys across Europe backpacking. Each day you can record your thoughts, sights you viewed, and names of people you've met along the way as well as record their contact information to stay in touch.
1672	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use a fountain pen and therefore bleed-through of ink is an issue with the paper I use. This is not a problem with these notebooks. The notebooks are advertised as having archival acid-free paper, and after seeing it, feeling it, and writing on it, I found it to be excellent.
9420	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've had the Fellows PS80C-2 shredder for a couple of weeks, and it's performed as advertised. It's fast and relatively quiet.
A somewhat handy pocket built into the back cover. It does cause ridges in your writing when you get close to the end of the journal though. But nice to have regardless.
549	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my classroom. Simple and easy to use.
6263	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love these things - ideal for notes on the fly or out in the shop
The back of the case indicates it takes one 76 battery ((1XA76, 1.8V, 110mah). I was hoping that the an embedded magnet in the cover might turn off the calculator if it was left on, like some tablets, but tests show it doesn't alas have this feature. However, with more testing I see that the display turns off after 5 or so of minutes of inaction, a possible annoyance. It looks like in this case the calculator has not turned off but has gone into sort of a sleep mode, when you hit the ON button the value last in the display is still there, which it is not the case in a normal power down off/on.
7448	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I had been using another type of calculator that was just a little bigger and had the screen that was on a tilt. I got to the point where I felt it was just a bit large for me (I am only 4'9"). I liked the Texas Instruments name and the price, so I ordered it. When it came, I started using it right away and really liked the design, and how easy it was to pick up and use. I do not like the fact it does not have an off button as my other one did, and sometimes I hit a button below the one I wanted to hit. On the whole, I do like it better, and am glad I had chosen it.
My only regret is not having owned one sooner!  I will never go back to other brands.  Now if only they made larger sizes... :)

6014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a project manager, and this is the very best tool that I have, save my computer. It's elegant...none of this cheapo ring binder look in a high-profile meeting, where image can be important. Plus, the gridline paper lets me take notes and make accurate drawings, either one. The place marker shows me where I am, and the elastic band keeps it from flying open. Plus the little pouch in the back gives me a place to store business cards in a pinch. What a great tool. I buy three or four at a time, lest I run out.
864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Beatles set the bar with Revolver and Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys jumped over it with Pet Sounds.  The Beatles, especially Paul McCartney, were astounded by the album and it helped spur them to their greatest musical achievement.  While alot of people don't consider Sgt. Pepper's as the band's best album, I think the White Album is their best, the ground breaking and influential nature of it can never be denied.  Up to that point, no one thought that a pop album push the boundaries and be a cultural statement.  By creating an alter ego and using a unifying concept of attending a show by the band, the album broke all the rules.  There was not a hit single from the album and the songs merged into one another without distinction.  Even the packaging of the album broke all the rules.  Usually albums were slapped together with little or no thought to the packaging.  The band spend upwards of $100,000. on the album's artwork.  The album's cover stands as pop culture icon on its own and a true piece of art.  It was also the first album ever to contain a reprint of song lyrics.  The songs themselves have almost become irrelevant to the mystique and aura of Sgt. Peppers, but "With A Little Help From Friends", "Getting Better", "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds", "Lovely Rita" and most notably "A Day In The Life" are classics.

633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These greeting free Valentine cards are lovely.  They are very old-fashioned in appearance - Victorian, and are very pretty and "old-fashioned".  I sent many with little notes to my friends all over the USA at Valentines Day, and everyone (of course my age bracket) loved the cards!  This was a happy purchase.
* Good spacing between the lines
Old HPs are slow compared to the new graphing calcs (a 39G+ runs circles around it) but the HPs are far more portable, have significantly longer battery lifetimes, and are much easier to use. I find the 32SII more useful than a grapher because of its small size and ease of use. I also believe RPN is more convenient when you're not working from pre-written equations.
Even if you are a well organized person who can get through their rough days it doesn't hurt to have a documentation of your hard work. I highly see the layout of the planner being able to apply to different areas of your life!
5766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product, quality paper and binding.

1429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This book is one of the better studies I have read.  I was hesitant to buy it because I did not have as good of an experience with the Smart Guide Book of Hebrews.  The book of John takes you verse by verse adding excellent commentary all along the way.  The authors explain a lot of confusing verses by informing you of the culture back then, Roman laws, Jewish Laws, and traditions.  These explanations paint an excellent picture that supplements the Biblical text in a very informative way.  This book also added a lot of value and discussion to our small group study.  In summary, the Book of John by Smart Guide is a great read for either someone who wants to learn in depth the Book of John, or even as part of a small group study.  I highly recommend this book.
6399	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The only thing I would suggest to Zebrite, would be to include a ruler, otherwise great set, no bleed though.
One last note - if you purchase from Amazon, they are not particularly well packed. They put them in a tube that is too large for the map so it bangs around and the ends get a bit bent up. Also they don't tape the ends of the tube so I had to have a second one sent after my first tube arrived empty and without ends on it. (It was actually the world map that was missing from the tube, but this one was packed in the same manner)

8158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These greeting cards worked great as I was able to print out my Christmas cards without any problems.  They went through my printer without any of them getting stuck.  It made the Christmas card list printing very fast.  I would recommend it for anyone who needs greeting cards for any occasion.
1995	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simple. Brilliant. I love these. It is one of those "I wish I had thought of that" type of products. I love these colors, too. They look even nicer in person. The little acrylic box they come in is great, too.
959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Although my original order was undeliverable due to damage, my contact with Amazon resulted in quick turnaround and the map arrived quickly.  The map itself is very nice although I agree with previous posts that lamination would be better but I knew what I was buying when I "carted" it.  The map is not as "old" looking as what it appears on my computer screen but is still a great item.
4774	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cool books
4368	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So great to have so many choices on the tabs.  We have 5 Bibles in our home.
7042	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Answers the calls and leaves a fairly good reproducion of the voice message. Unfortunately, it date and time stamps each message at the end, rather than the beginning of a message.


119	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift, my prayer warrior loved it!
9017	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable.  Doesn't slide around.  Nice size.
6777	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Im a fan of Cross Pens, and have several, but this particular pen is defective.  It dispenses ink inconsistently, but usually not.  Im seeing it back for repair, so with shipping, Ill have spent considerably more for the pen than I had anticipated.  Ill chalk it up to the 1% defective the makes it past QA/QC.
Everything about it works. It's a perfect size (the traditional long and narrow "reporter's note books don't fit in a pocket easily.). The hard cardboard cover makes it easier to hold and write when used handheld - nice and stable. The elastic strap keeps the cover closed so it doesn't flip open and allow your free floating pieces of paper (e.g., business cards, receipts) to fall out until you stick them in the small envelope / pouch on the back cover. Despite the small size, the paper is still the wonderful Moleskine stuff that makes writing an "experience" instead of a chore.
7041	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this machine because it has the most recording time and most mailboxes of all the consumer systems out there--I need these features for my business.  I also need the recording quality to be good, like your run-of-the-mill commercial voicemail system (or the old cassette-type machines) because I need to capture and edit these voice messages on my computer.  On the recommendation of a couple of reviewers in this forum who stated that the voice quality was great, I decided to give this model a try.
5841	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good stuff, really worth this price, I will come again if I need any more of this, Thank you.
4512	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was so happy I found this poster holder at Amazon.  I almost purchased it at another site I order from frequently & when I checked Amazon it saw it was almost $5 less.  I am making posters for my focus board at school & I use this to store them.  It is easy to use & appears to hold quite a few (mine aren't really thick).  This was exactly what I was looking for & I'm glad I found it here!
The quality is what you'd expect from Moleskine, it's well constructed and I don't foresee any issues there. I find the size convenient -- it's big enough that you don't have to write in tiny letters, but it's a good size to stick in a purse(unless you use tiny purses). It might be more annoying for men but since I carry a purse everywhere it's not really a concern for me.
* Bottle opener
1523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Christmas in a package ... use sparing ... there a little strong
I bought this calculator to use in a Corporate Finance class.  Calculating Time Value of Money problems with this was much easier than using the BA II Plus.  The inputs are easier to enter, without having to memorize long sequences of key strokes.
9258	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have gone without a mouse pad for so long that  I forgot how nice it was to have one. You don't realize how much you move your mouse around until you go back to a mouse pad and then you don't have to move it as much. Love the wrist rest.
8827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
5109	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like this. I wish there were a variety of LEGO colors to choose from. That said, this definitely has the quality that I expect from Moleskine. I can't wait to see what they come up with for next year's Limited Edition Planners.

7015	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	excellent style and quality but slippery. That is why I orderd the knurled finish as a replacement
3298	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
3065	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Short and simple. Mom enjoyed it

5256	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite notebook. Well made and a good size. I feel like the other notebooks smaller than this one are too small and hard to write in. Also, authentic and trusted!
I can't do that- I have a bad back & the sales pitch description said it "evaporated" the water out. My amcor never needed draining in the 4 years I had it & I MOSTLY used it in dehumidify! So, I'm not going to be a happy camper if I have to drain this monstrosity. The units instructions say the unit WILL shut off if the water tank is full OR if it is a humid day!!!!- it better not freakin shut off on a humid day- that's WHY I need an AC duh! I'm not paying $350.00 for a fan!


The size (LxW) is perfect because the notebook allows me to put it in my bag's sleeve pocket without really noticing it taking up too much room. Also, the size of the paper always seems to be on point on how much I need to write per entry. The thinness of the notebook also saves space in my bag and prevents it from being too bulky and noticeable as some of the other notebooks that I have used previously. Finally, I love the quality and texture of the cover and the paper. Something about them makes me feel like I am writing in one of those classic adventure notebooks when in reality I am just writing my to-do list for the day.
5259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted.

4133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i bought many of them,, my office is always different and decorated with new things.. i love them and everyone says my office is unique because of these pads and other stationaries
3446	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great calendar! Easily customizable with our own printouts too!
3801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great vintage style cow sign for dairy artifact collectors or bovine buffs!
5558	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Tee-tiny notebooks for just the right occasion! They are super small so know what you are getting, pull out that ruler. But perfect for passwords or easy notes when needed.
3178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful



2708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As shown
1622	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	AWSOME.......only down fall had couple dents in it. But you can't tell unless you hold it on a slant.
and dark dark black as it should be.
2970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a secret santa gift and the person loved it!  It is very funny!

5807	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very unusual product and I would strongly encourage anyone considering getting one to be completely aware of what it is before they purchase it.  First, if you are looking for a single travel guide to prepare you for your trip to New York (or anywhere else there is a guide for), this is very close to worthless, if not entirely worthless.  I would call one's attention to the title of the product.  It is a "Notebook."  That means that most of the pages are blank.  This literally is a book for taking notes in.

159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome product
9957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
8051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thanks so much!
2563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This fit a fancy, wide-framed cork board from Home Goods exactly.  1/4 inch border was pushed under each side of the frame, allowing another 1/4 in of white to show before the red border line.  All flags show.  The lamination will keep the map lasting for years, enabling map pins and flags to be inserted without tearing the map. My family includes many international lawyers and doctors, who work in Asia, Africa, and Europe providing humanitarian services.  One niece just moved to Singapore for business, while my sister lives currently in New Zealand.  We need lots of pins to track everyone's travels!
Clean simple design.
6592	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for the school yea;r especially working mom's who are going back to school.
Recently I began taking my knives to Sur La Table to be professionally sharpened.  Both sales reps I dealt with seemed skeptical of the LX knives at first.  But each of them found that the LX knives sharpened better than the German ones. -  They also hold a better edge over time.
7329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this globe! It reminds me of the ones we used to have in school. Very realistic and very durable, doesn't feel cheap! The base is metal but its not super heavy.
8521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed this for a class in college since graphing calculators aren't allowed. It was much cheaper ordering off Amazon then buying it at the store. It came quickly and works well. Its nice having two lines to be able to see your work. Buttons are slow to respond, but then again its a cheap calculator compared to my Ti-84
The calculator does everything I need it to and more. If you're looking for a great calculator at a great price, I highly suggest this product.
6865	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice writing product.  The refill glides over paper.
4190	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for.
9415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great price does what it should
My review is not biased in any way, though I do love kitchen gadgets and this one has a lot going for it. It's a little bigger than I expected, but that's not entirely negative given that they used a big LED for the timer. These things are really handy, I have three or four different timers like this one in the kitchen that I use all the time. Also useful for timing schoolwork, specifically reading homework in our case, and any gadget that makes getting homework done is worthwhile IMHO.
I hope this has helped you in your shopping experience on Amazon and, if it did, please mark the review as helpful.
7537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this calculator for my daughter for school.  She says it works well.
1024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have bought one of these every year for a long time.  You can use marker to create widths of columns wanted.  A Classic
4826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was thinking I'd have that prototypical 'little red journal', and that's what I ordered. You know, the one that has the nuclear launch codes, state secrets, or manifesto of a genius / whacko? I don't work for the government and I'm no genius so.... pay no nevermind. Sure, I could have gone down to the local dollar store and picked up a stack of spiral notebooks and a couple packages of Bic for the same amount of money, but it wouldn't have that condensed value per item would it?
3758	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Has a muffin pan that rusted and bought this pan. Its study, has baked plenty of muffins and expect to do many more for many more years.

3070	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little books! I filled out a bunch of these for xmas gifts for my family. They all loved it!
5217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to give as a gift. But I have bought these before. If you like to carry a notebook, this is the best, in my opinion.
However, the TI30XIIS is an excellent scientific calculator. It has most of the functions of a scientific calculator, with the scrollable screen that lets you check your numbers before multiplying, and perform many operations using the "Ans" function. As an organic chemist, it's the only calculator I need when it comes to doing simple chemistry calculations, which involve a lot of basic operations.
9833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had the same old DYMO machine from Costco for years and this tape works great.  I love that they continue to make the same product for my machine so I don't have to upgrade and I never have any problems with the super easy installation or the way the print comes out.
One word of caution: don't be surprised if your prof won't allow the use of this calculator on exams due to it's capabilities.
1835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice folders and very sturdy.  Colorful and fun!
The inner paper quality is typical of the Moleskine brand, strong, sturdy and well lined. The seam of the binding is a single sewn line down the center, effectively "halving" a larger piece of paper to make the booklet. The covers are thin, more like card stock. It stains and warps easily since the cover is basically paper, so you have to be more careful with these notebooks than others (I had to stop DH from using it as a coaster!). Instead of the hinged, folio back flap of regular, more expensive Moleskine notebooks, this is more of a half-flap, just closed along the edge and one side of the back cover. I wish a little more effort was put into that flap, but for three well-priced notebooks which are otherwise exactly what I was looking for, I can deal with it.
Update 6/16/11 - I'm hoping that I ended up with a lemon, and that this is not an indicator of TI's quality standards.  I'm dropping my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars.  The decimal button works only when pressed firmly as do several other buttons on this calculator.  When taking a timed test in a finance class, this calculator really failed me because of these issues.  Even being aware of the issues with the calculator I found myself having to redo calculations several times for most of the problems due to the calculator not taking the decimal point.  In over thirty years of using calculators I have never had one with issues like this.  At this point, I'd only recommend this calculator to my enemies, not my friends.
1527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as advertised...
8986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!!
2090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT BOOKMARK, GREAT PRICE!  THANKS!
2216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a book mark what else is there to say
397	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Wanted to show my visiting friend from overseas just how big the United States is compared to their country. This was a very helpful aid. Excellent quality and size.

4257	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have purchased many journals to give as gifts.  I decided to use this one for myself in recording my favorite memories with my grandchildren.  The cover is beautiful.  I love using this and love the size.  I would have given it a 5 but several of my pens caused the pages to bleed through to the other side of the page.  My recommendation is to use a gel pen or gel marker.  I would buy again knowing which pens to use.  Gorgeous color reminding me of the names of Jesus.
This is a great little work horse and worth the price if you have to have one.  Look at it more as an investment and the price isn't as bad as the initial shock.
8025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator was a gift from my girlfriend for Valentine's Day, and I love it. It is very nice, and is just the right size and weight. And I love the color. Also, it is very well made and attractively designed, and the buttons are just the right size and firmness. And, I love the convenient cover.
6943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	classic
I'd recommend these utensils for toddlers and preschoolers.  They can be used as their everyday set if you wish.  They do last and wouldn't be expensive to replace, if you ever need to.

8431	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well, it's paper, it's white, and it's on a roll. So as toys go, this is pretty basic, which is the charm. Bought it for the grand kids, to refill a paper dispenser I bought for a dollar at a garage sale. I am, frankly, just tired of all the injection molded plastic. The kids seem to enjoy this as much as any other toy they have, and more than most. Except maybe Legos. They love Legos. But they also like to draw, and the endless roll offers more creative possibilities than a stack of copy paper. Will be buying this again. Good stuff.
8014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Quality.

The band that wraps around the book is great too, its not too stretchy, doesn't feel like it would stretch out and fall off, yet at the same time just enough give to enclose the book. Lovely!

Duty Cycle
4261	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Small size, perfect for carrying with you to jot notes. Nice quality cover. Even came with a clear slipcase around the "leather" cover to protect it. The plastic was actually nice enough to leave on it if you wanted to. Made a very nice gift.
1841	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great color and durability. Ordering more to use on more boards in my room. Highly recommend!
6784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.  Slim. Easy to handle for men and women alike. Very nice enameled finish. Elegant and stately.

Right from the start, I knew that it was a quality item.  From the orange quasi-jacket surrounding the notebook to its elastic band to the subtle MOLESKINE stamp on the back, this beauty oozes luxury.

4570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It serves the purpose in my classroom.  I use it to place work to finish for each student.  This is the third one I second one I have purchased.
and the folders fit easily.  I may get a second one...
70	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my son's Boy Scout book with spiral binding and it fits inside just right. There is also a bit of extra room to put a small notebook/planner/phonebook type booklet inside with it. It zips shut and then on the front there are a bunch of various sized pockets to store various items. My son can keep pens, a small bottle of hand sanitize, his pocket knife, some band aides and a few other things in these pockets so that he is prepared at troop meetings. The color also blends well with his uniform and he has gotten a lot of compliments from other boys and parents. The mom bonus for me is that his book isn't all dirty and falling apart like some of the other boys books! I found out quickly that the boys bring them but often toss them around, or if they see them laying around they have no problem stepping on them while running around playing. Even the older boys that should known better. For some reason they do this will plain books but not with bags or covered books so this helps to protect the book from him and the other boys!
The purple is a great shade, not too much read or blue.  Matches my Moleskin holder perfectly!
4076	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this pack. I have several packs and use them all the time. It allows me to keep my mobile and tablet devices charged anytime...anywhere. I see folks at the airport sitting by plugs, while I sit and charge my devices and not worry about charging my battery until I get to my destination.
1428	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	interesting read
To conclude, the calendar is in almost every way horrible. I love the Dilbert strips, and the strips are the only enjoyable thing about this. I will be shopping around for another page-a-day calendar to use, and probably won't buy another Dilbert one. I think one of these days when I am bored I will go through and read all the strips in this one, and then throw it out.
5903	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Although Moleskine may charge a few bucks more then comparable watercolor journals I think its worth it. The paper is about 90lb paper. It's 25% cotton, it takes watercolor wash pretty decently, I haven't really roughed up the paper to see if repeated washes, erasures will cause it to disintegrate but its a journal..use it for what it's meant..pen, watercolor, markers...
3653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as pictured.  Generous & well made.  Will look for this brand in the future.
He has a Casio FX 260 solar and says it got him through all of his engineering
3415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this pocket chart!  Perfect!
1919	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Norman Rockwell Address Book is functional and artistic at the same time. Besides the cute cover, there are other reproductions of Rockwell's work, with commentary, throughout the book. It is permanently spiral bound, so you cannot move pages around from one letter to another should you have more "S" names than "Y", for example. That, and the fact that the pages are slick rather than absorbent (I like to use rollerball pens versus ball point) is the only reason I rated it less than five stars. There is room for the name, address, various phone and fax numbers and email addresses on each entry. I am very happy with this phone book, in spite of the fact that I'm going to have to use a different pen than I like to add names to it.
496	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THIS HAS TURNED OUT TO BE ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I EVER BOUGHT FOR MY TINY LITTLE OFFICE SPACE IN MY BEDROOM. HOLDS AS MANY AS 20-25 8 1/2 X 11" FILE FOLDERS DEPENDING ON THE AMOUNT OF CONTENTS PER FOLDER BUT IT TAKES UP NO SPACE AT ALL EXCEPT ON THE WALL, SO I DON'T KEEP BUMPING INTO IT WHERE IT STICKS OUT FROM THE WALL LIKE THE PLASTIC ONES WHICH BREAK WITH THE SLIGHEST BUMP OF MY CHAIR AND COST A WHOLE LOT MORE AND HOLD A WHOLE LOT LESS. i BOUGHT TWO OF THEM AND THEY WORK SO WELL TO ORGANIZE MY WORK FILES, THE ONES I REFER TO EVERY DAY. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE WITH SPACE ISSUES WHO WANTS THEIR WORK CLOSE BY BUT DOESN'T HAVE ROOM ON THEIR DESK OR ROOM FOR A FILE CABINET AND WHO DOESN'T MIND A LITTLE BRIGHT BLUE OR RED FILING SYSTEM! THEY WERE MEANT FOR USE IN CLASSROOMS BUT WORK REALLY WELL FOR A SMALL OFFICE SPACE. THE MANUFACTURER SHOULD DESIGN SOME FOR HOME OFFICES, NOT JUST CLASSROOMS, IN MORE CONSERVATIVE COLORS.
5812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A delight to write on.  I really enjoy the quality and attention to detail that Moleskin instils in it's notebooks.
7548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very well made product.

I expect to have this spoon for years to come.
8961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great size and quality/really helps with comfort when spending hours at the computer
3687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As pictured.  Bright colors, good quality, sharp lines.  They really helped set the mood for my 70s party.  WOOO-OOOT, WOOOO-OOOT!
8896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work perfectly w/ my canon copier
For programmers, I think this cable  is fabulous. It makes the Palm useful as a programming interface for any  serial device.
6532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this planner to help me with my online classes and work. It helps keep me organized and knowing what I need to have done by the end of the month and by the end of the week.

Want some hot tomato soup?  Fine just put the ingredients and let it whir until the soup is piping hot!  The blender is so powerful that the friction created actually heats the food.  You can shorten the cooking time by preheating any liquids that are included in your recipe.
8644	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am reading all the reviews saying this is not a gel wrist mouse pad.  It may not be.  I can see there is an indentation when I remove my wrist but it pops back up to the normal shape within a few seconds.  I got it as a warehouse deal item.  My old mouse pad kept making my mouse slip or not work and this makes it work perfectly.  Glad I did not buy a new mouse.  For the price it was worth the cost and works fine.  Someone should correct the listing on this if it is not gel so people aren't misguided on what they buy.
-Crap quality cover (I'd like to see synthetic leather, or something besides cardboard)
8202	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product

8154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used this paper many times to make cards.  Nice quality.
9005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I should have purchased this long before. It is comfortable to use and works well.

-It helped me realize what I want in a planner
7551	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	although you have to replace the battery when it runs out.  So far works great.

6130	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I typically use Moleskine pocket cahiers, which are larger than these extra small notebooks.  I tried these because I wanted something smaller I could stick in my pocket.  These plastic covers would "seem" to be so much more durable than the cardboard cahiers but they are not.  The plastic cover separates from the notebook.  It's pretty ugly.  I had to use clear tape to secure all 4 corners as all were peeling badly.  Back to the cahiers for me.  I wish Moleskine would make cahiers in this extra small size.
1960	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love to zentangle and this book provided new ways to zentangle with a circle (zendalas & shapes).  SUPER GREAT!
  * Workgroup printer Laser
2426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When my old, old, old address book was finally falling apart, and had like 50 old addresses in it that I'd crossed out because they were out of date, I went looking for a replacement address book and for some reason, office supply stores seem to think that an equivalent address book is somehow worth the price of one made from Cordovan leather and Egyptian vellum with cloth-of-gold liners and silk stitching borrowed from King Tut's shroud or some such. (Yeah I just pulled all that cynical doggerel out of my butt. Just humor me.) What I mean is, office supply stores were wildly overpriced for a simple address book so I gave up on "instant gratification" and turned to Amazon instead. To my surprise this was a Peter Pauper product identical in size, shape and cover material to the "internet password book" I already had which you can find at Barnes & Noble and Books-A-Million retail stores, so they compliment one another nicely. The elastic band to keep it closed, much like most modern day journal books, was a nice touch. For less than ten bucks you get a perfectly adequate address book (entries include space for each contact's email, cell ph#, fax#, etc. as well) that will fit nicely in a briefcase or what have you. And you won't be contributing to the apparently excessive ego of the average office supply store.
5518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I thought this was a hardcover journal when I bought it but I was wrong. Still, this is a nice journal that's easy to carry around.
6788	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I liked this pen so much I bought my wife one. It is very classy looking and comfortable when writing for long periods. The refill that it came with works well but I purchased a fine tip refill at my local office supply store.
7204	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works gine
Personally, I use this as my wallet and notepad. I keep my ID and credit cards in the back, and I use the pages for ideas, memos, or notes. The one I currently have in my pocket has held up for 15 months with a bit of tape to help it. I always get compliments and "Ooh, that's cool" comments when I take it out of my pocket. The Moleskine is not only a good notebook; it's basically a fashion or personality accessory in what it projects to others. If you're into writing, it's cool to have good supplies for it.
 - D-Ring type binder (easier to keep papers straight and tends to put less stress on the rings over time)
It will be your companion for many years to come. It really is worth the extra money you pay for it.
7455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and price.

Try it the next time you take on a project. Having your written word, photos, magazine clippings, stickers, etc. all in one place make it a welcome piece of your history to explore over and over again.
6092	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
698	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have been buying the Peanuts calendar for well over ten years, it brings joy to every day. This year however, I noticed that they removed all the Sunday comics, thereby reducing the calendar from 365 days to 313 days, obviously saving them money as they charge the same amount for a cheaper product. I wish that I had an alternative, it is so frustrating when companies think they can make more money by doing something like this. Shame on the publisher and manufacturer.
1872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gave as a gift & she loved it as she collects owls.
166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Such a cute set of small notebooks!  These are small enough to carry with you to jot down notes or whatever.  A great find!
3. The squared grid is dotted instead of solid lines.
7355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We are pleased with this world globe, which we are giving to our grandsons.  It looks exactly as described by the manufacturer, and even has raised places for mountainous regions.  One of the other reviews I read complained that the bottom screw (which fastens the circular "meridian" holder to the base) kept coming out, but ours has no problem with that. It was packed well for safe shipping and arrived quickly.
7338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A really nice globe!  I like it a lot, as do my grandkids.
401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK.
2449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Made well, beautiful picture and matches my journal.  I also have used it for several books.  Probably will buy a second!

1612	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product. I only buy Hunter fans solely because of its quality and this product is no exception. No surprises, all the parts plus, packaged well, instructions, outstanding quality fan well worth the price.
This is NOT packed in a plastic case, this is formatted in a card-board case.
Two features people tend to complain about are the cost and weight. The cost seems steep compared to common pans made from other materials. Compare to quality cookware, and the cost may seem more reasonable. When comparing to the old cast iron pans past generations have used for cornbread and camping, Le Creuset seems expensive. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of. Additionally cast iron is a heavy material. The enamel doesn't add much to the weight, when comparing to a similar cast iron product, the weight is going to be comparable.
9199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item - great price!
989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this map to track the breweries myself and my gf have gone to. I picked up a cheap frame and its going to work perfectly.
This particular Lettuce color is one of my favorites and blends well with just about any of the other colors.
2953	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Better price on Amazon than I have found in stores on this exact product. Have given this has a house warming gift as well as a Christmas present and it continues to get laughs months later. Nothing like a good bathroom joke!
6032	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Delivered as advertised.
6. NEVER have to worry about buying batteries


1089	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This item is so nifty.  It's perfect for counting down those 20 minutes of daily reading.
4660	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are aiming to remember or take note of things as they happen rather than plan ahead for events, this is the day planner you've been looking for. Keeping track of birthdays and anniversaries is easy with the individual month layout, but if there are daily or weekly events that need planning for it would be somewhat cumbersome with this set.
1501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just got this and the picture does not do it justice. It looks like a butterfly at first--but it's really a cross. When looking at the picture, the right branch of the cross is part of the flap folds over and closes with a magnetic enclosure--like the shape of Y on its side. It's a nice touch. And the last paperblank I had that was the book of kells one, did not have a solid binding. This one has a lay flat binding that has the same design on it but it's outlined in purple. The design and little stone-like objects on the front won't be coming off. It looks like it's raised with a glue to get the various "precious stone" effects--very nicely done. And the pocket i the back and the paper is the same thickness as the other paperblanks from this series. I use pilot gel ink and the colored Sarsa packs (best ever because it dries quickly). The ribbon is a bright orange, which I personally love but it might have been better suited in rich purple. Awesome and worth every bit of 20$ to enjoy writing in. You won't regret purchasing this but you gotta like "shiny, ornate" things to really enjoy writing in this journal. I hope they keep making them!

love it
* easy to set up and put away

6152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Expensive? Yes. Pretentious? I reluctantly admit it. Useful? Incredibly so. I use notebooks all the time to document thoughts, ideas, drawings, etc., and I've used any number of brands of these small, nicely bound notebooks. But, alas, none has quite compared to the Moleskine. The quality of the pages of this sketchbook is high, and the stock is thicker than the standard Moleskin notebook. Unlike many other brands of notebooks, ink generally doesn't seep through to the other side with this, and the binding is also very strong, which is always a plus. Obviously, if you carry this thing around, you may appear to be quite the smug, obnoxious pseudointellectual-- but ultimately, I find it the perfect vessel for my "stuff, " and maybe that's more important than vanity. You gotta have priorities.

225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my daughter getting honor roll the first 6 weeks at school. She loves it and takes it everywhere trying to teach me about the characters! She is 12. I actually like it myself!
4236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am enjoying the messeges  on every page,. The cover is also eye catching, it has started convertion about the messege  on it .
3274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to introduce our 6 year old to multiplication facts a little early. Good quality and very effective. With any of these, hang them up immediately so little hands don't play with them.  The back side has practice exercises. Would buy again.
PROS:
2432	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	not little
29	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for Granddaughter's Adventure Bible Christmas gift. Has several pockets & two pen/pencil loops.

3253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This bulletin set is super cute! You need to use it on a smaller bulletin board, unless you have other things to add to it, but very very cute. The quality is standard quality, it arrived with no damage to the package or product.
2152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it.

5858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for use with my Koi field watercolor set.  Both fit handily in my purse or backpack.  Stitched pages allow for extra long landscapes to be removed from book at a later time.
6374	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	was hoping they wouldn't bleed through bible pages but they do
5606	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Fast Shipping too!!

703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described A++++++
  * 5 Watt
4272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this notebook! It is fairly small, but it is okay because it fits in my purse or backpack. The cover is simply amazing! Thank you!
3335	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very nice

363	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does the map thing very well.
2317	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This arrived quickly, is very cute but the reason I am giving this 4 stars is due to the fact that it does not include a separate line for birthdays, as it is advertised. This was a feature I was hoping for and expecting, given how horrible I am at remembering dates. I will note that if your handwriting is sizable, the limited space on these pages may pose an issue. Thankfully, I have very compact and precise handwriting so this works fine for me.
Great for Anything.
For the photo where 5-6 bibles are stacked, normal orientation:

5818	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	always awesome. love these notebooks. awesome price.
- Whales
That being said, this globe is not of high quality construction. It will be durable enough for adults, but I wouldn't bring it to my classroom as I fear the stand or brace would break quickly. One thing that annoys me is there is a piece of tape that goes around the equator and the tape does not stick down all the way around. I would remove it, but I think that may be what is holding the hemispheres together.

3294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	:)
This notebook is very cute, with colorful butterflies on the front and back cover. As a added bonus, it also provides a reference guide which tells you what kind of butterflies it depicts.
4854	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
1321	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for a friends little girl, and I am going to buy me a set.  They're smooth, and the smell isn't overbearing.. I like them
This is a serious note book for serious writing. As we used to say in the '60s, write on!
473	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	LOVED this colorful map.  Wish the laminate was a little better quality..but since it will be put on cork or board to use the pins in, it will do. BUT LOVE the map otherwise.
I work outside and inside and this thing is really holding up to the grind.  I haven't lost a single page as of this post, I am extremely happy and will be buying more.
The TI-84 is like an old Sherman Tank.
4207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful journal with scriptures on the bottom of each page. I gave as gifts so I can't comment on how think the paper is in terms of the ink bleeding through to the back but the cover and binding is perfect. The gifts were well received. This will definitely become my go to gift for teachers or graduates.
In 1997 a small company based in Milan named Modo & Modo SpA decided to bring this notebook back to life, establishing the Moleskine trademark and starting production of Moleskine notebooks with 5000 pieces. In 1999, Modo & Modo SpA started distributing outside Italy, in the US and Europe. In 2004, Moleskine notebooks arrived in Japan, and from there Moleskine started distribution to the rest of Asia. Perhaps due to their link to the literary and cultural heritage of the Moleskine notebooks, bookshop retailers and design stores everywhere are the main channels for the notebook.
and I had to return it back to the store(but,it might be that the batch was out of normal

+ Bookmark ribbon is especially handy to keeping track.

79	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I should have read the dimensions. This is a lot bigger than i expected. I love all of the pockets and the fact that you can take the bible cover out and use it just like that as well.
Update: I found the letter "N" in between pages,  apparently, it just became unglued and fell off,  i have not had this problem with any other letters in this book or other Moleskin products.
I would recommend it easily to those just beginning and to
I am a merchandiser.  I carry copy of POG and pens and cutter with me.  This is great for that purpose. Much better than the cheap clipboard, because when you got alot clipped it slide out easily.  This ine, the clip is strong and big, and if too much papper it can be stored inside the box!
The to-do, delegated tasks, and projects lists are pretty useful; however, I end up using delegated for notes more often than not. So, not perfect... but, a good substitute for those looking for ways of keeping track of their to-do list in an organized fashion.
732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite of the Lang Calendars.  Fast shipping too.


Now out of school I use a calculator more then in school, with grocery and other shopping trips or online shopping. Monthly budgeting of personal and household needs.
353	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My children and I really like this map. I wish it was laminated because the paper isn't that thick and I know it will get destroyed. Think I may have to get creative and try covering it with clear shelf paper.
2808	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using it every week. Helps me remind myself of my long to-do list! Keeps me on track. Lets me do what I need to do. Will recommend to my busy friends, too. A little expensive in my opinion but I think it is worth it for super busy people like me. Arrived on time and as expected. Packaging looked okay.
3613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Stamp! Versitile!--Already made a couple of awesome cards!
1511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very well made water brushes. I was impressed with the quality of the plastic when I opened the package. They are firm, yet soft enough to be gently squeezed for water flow. The set comes with 3 long handled brushes. One 01, 02 and 03. I love the long handles for comfort while working.
3124	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a gift for my daughter, who was a fourth grade teacher, so she can work with her 4 year old son.  She specifically asked for this, so I'm assuming its a great learning tool.
1257	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The covers are colorful and sturdy.  They fit perfectly in a pocket or bag for daily lists and reminders.  The lines on the pages are a bit dark (red) and very skinny.  Otherwise, perfect for personal use or to give as student gifts.
3674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No Complaints
9867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use my Dymo Label maker in my kitchen, bath and office. We re-purpose almost all incoming glass jars, spice containers, even some plastics. We live in Los Angeles where it is summer 10 months a year and often hot - the perfect climate for people, 3 cats, ants, flies, crawling bugs, ick! I put everything in jars, zip lock bags and label them [Flour], {Ginger}, (91% Alcohol), Ground Beef 072917 in the freezer, Coffee - Costa Rica Mild 062317, etc. Result: No crawly things looking to eat in my kitchen! Occasionally, I won't label a jar and I soon forget - was it oat bran? cleaning powder? rat poison? Always label and you'll be happy!
8074	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	GOOD
2481	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected, perfect for decorating walls or boards.


9884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected.
2129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great bookmark. Nice and simple with everything I like in a bookmark. Thought provoking and empowering quote with a flap and bead to easily find your page. Beautiful design and the dimensions are perfect for a bookmark. Some are too thing for my liking, but this is pretty much perfect.

6030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Moleskine Volant large notebooks are a winning combination. With traditional Moleskine paper (doesn't bleed through with most inks), perfect size to take with you in any situation, unique colors, and the last 16 pages are perforated. I like to keep most of my notes, ideas, thoughts, in my notebooks. Occasionally there is a situation where I need or want to remove a piece of the paper and traditional Moleskine's are impossible to get the paper out neatly. That is why I love using the Volant notebooks. If I need to write a note for someone on the go I have the ability to do so and keep my notebook in perfect working order. I think these notebooks are fabulous and hopefully they meet your needs to. This blue combination is cool because you get 1 notebook in dark blue, almost a deep navy which is great for meetings without being to bright and noticeable. The other notebook is much brighter but still not obnoxious.
9072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice mouse pad and supports your wrist well! The price was right, free shipping and I received it in 3 days!
Do you have templates for envelopes?
2078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cool.
3286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this to make a batting chart for my daughter's baseball team. It was perfect! The kids were able to see their names clearly and help keep track of who needs to get ready to bat. Love it!

4051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described and quick delivery
1465	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This books is beautiful.  In fact, it is so exotic and lovely I am hesitant to put my poor hand writing in it.
  Book Size  3.5 x 5.5 inches (9 x 14 cm)
Moleskin seems to have done a great marketing job, but that's about it.  Unless you're a EV premium user and get a good deal on the book, there's no way it's worth the price they put on it.  There's no reason to buy this over a generic office supply store book.
4280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I write in several journals per year and this is one of my favorites! Not only do I love the cover but the pages are great to write in (good spacing and nice print).
4959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this for the list I compile for the Autofocus system (created by Mark Forster). It's perfect for that and very easy to carry around because of its small size.
3303	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I wound up laminating these individually, as I didn't think the peel-and would be durable for the whole year, especially since I am looking to save these to use again in future years. LOVE the pictures and overall visual aspect of the cards, but I noticed the print quality on some was noticeably grainy. Luckily, I plan to have these up high on the wall, so from a distance the graininess isn't significantly noticeable. Overall pleased with my purchase though.
Each category has stencils in all different directions.
  * Total free slots
2447	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I continually pruchase the journals...and  love love love them...when I saw the bookmarks, just had to have them. They're g o r g e o u s !!!!!

Overall, I am still happy with it. It's great for the price that I paid and seems to be lasting as long as nothing else rubs/puts too much pressure on it.
819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	CLASSIC!!!!!
9095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased a Staples brand gel mouse pad in the past (silver color) and I like this one better by far.
7516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice basic scientific calculator, with a snap on cover, at very nice price. I was upgrading from a venerable Sharp scientific that is probably 20 years old. The big improvement in the functionality is that this calculator has three memories (STO  1,2,3  and RCL 1,2,3) whereas the Sharp had just one. This upgrade does, however, require two an additional keystrokes just to save and recall one value. Values stored in the three memories are retained when the calculator is powered off.
Very smooth and thick paper. I can finally put a lot of ink over and over the same spot without making it to bleed.
7785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My old calculator of this model dies.  It was a mere 20ish years old.  I tried upgrading to TI-30XIIS with its fancy dual power and two line output.  But, in the end, I am again using a TI 30XA.  When I tell it 1+2+3+4=, it says 1+2=3+3=6+4=10, where as the new fangled 30xIIS says merely 1+2+3+4=10.  In accounting and other things, the subtotals matter too.  I hope this new one last 20 years too.
7037	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The machine was priced right which is why I chose it.  I've owned it for about a year.  This answering machine is unreliable.  I record my message and the machine drops my message and reverts to the stock message at least once a week.  It also drops the current date and time I enter.  It is frustrating and I am going to buy another answering machine that is a different brand.
1544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great little containers, perfect for freezing small quantities of things. If you want to freeze things in single serving containers, get these!
6770	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this planner although it is ridiculously expensive. I also wish it was a little bigger. I saw an academic planner in Walmart for half the price. But this planner have other features that make it unique. One it has a calendar with major and religious holidays, This planner is made by Action Day and they claim this is a tool that helps us better ourselves. With that said, the planner is comprised of two main parts. The first part deals with attitude, goals and actions and the second part is the actual planner.  The planning section is divided into four parts: a diary section which is in hour segments; the second part is for tasks at hand; the third is for goals and projects for the week; and the last part is for projects is for projects delegated to other people.  Any person who seriously committed to writing things down will greatly benefit from this planner. It's made of high quality paper, the cover is hard cardboard with a faux-leather finish. This planner only comes in black, unfortunately and it's not refillable. Otherwise, it's a great planner overall.
2545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great map!  Using it to mark my travels.  Decorative and will look nice hanging in our home!
8438	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As described.
It's about the same thickness as the same-size hardcover notebook, but it's much lighter.
9061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was feeling some wrist pain while I worked using a computer 8 hours a day, this mousepad helped to relieve that pain. I use it everyday at work and it's very comfortable. No more wrist pain.
2365	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This one I use for my permanent addresses.  Great space
none
2610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described.
9338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice pad for the money, blue is a bit darker than photo. just big enough for mouse movment.
8830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as described.
7229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was a little leery at first looking at the negative bait and switch reviews, but when I finally received it the product was in the original mfg. packaging.

The opinions found here are totally mine and were not influenced in any manner resulting from the discounted or free product.  The assertions in this review are based on the product, it quality and suitability to the task at hand, and the potential of the product to perform over its lifetime.  Why then did I provide this review?  Well, I am an avid Amazon buyer and depend greatly on the Amazon reviews provided on products that I am considering for purchase and I feel that I can provide a service back to the Amazon community by provide and unbiased review of products I purchase so as to assist others in their decision making process.
2747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great deal!
Each page is scored. Most of the left-hand side is left blank for the headings of the recipe's title, who or where's it from, and the bulk for the steps needed. On the right-hand side, narrower spaces for preparation time, settings, and ingredients can be written in.
4 - Junipero Serra
The present Moleskine notebook is specifically fashioned after Bruce Chatwin's descriptions of the notebooks he used in his travels. The name itself, "Moleskine", is a nickname that Chatwin uses in one of his most celebrated writings, The Songlines (1986). In this book, Chatwin tells the story of his original supplier of notebooks, a Paris stationer who in 1986 informed him that the last notebook manufacturer, a small family-run firm in Tours, had discontinued production that year, after the death of the owner. "Le vrai Moleskine n'est plus" ("The real Moleskine is no more") are the words Chatwin puts in the mouth of the owner of the stationery shop in Rue de l'Ancienne Comdie.[2]
The song "She's Leaving Home" is very beautiful and it has great insight into teen angst still common today. Truly, all the songs on the CD are great, including "Getting Better" and "Lovely Rita."

2143	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a bday gift for niece as she is a wolf lover and she thought this was uber cute.


7932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	its an ink cartridge, from the manufacturer, so it works just as intended.. never had a problem with these, great...
  * Max speed

4324	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This book is nicely laid out with places for all the pertinent information listed, and a lot of lined free space available for notes and commentaries

8517	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Face it, people. You are shelling out a lot of money for an outdated technology when you should be getting this:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Texas-Instruments-Nspire-CX-CAS-Graphing-Calculator-N3CAS-GC-2L1/dp/B004NBZAYS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Texas Instruments Nspire CX CAS Graphing Calculator (N3CAS/GC/2L1)</a>. The TI 83 was made in mid 90's. Time to move on, people.
6141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this thinking it was the standard paper size which is the X-Large.  Still, the leather is so supple and everything moleskin is known for.  I've since found a use for it anyway and am happy with my purchase.
6346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good study cart that moves easily around. I would recommend it.
1894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the inspirational and witty monthly words to live by and the large date boxes on each monthly calendar which give me room to scribble notes and reminders (not all of us remember to key reminders into our phones).  This is the 2nd year I bought this calendar.  It made from quality paper and hangs straight without the hole at the top tearing.
PROS
4523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love them!
9114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this pad!  In fact I purchased a second one!
1746	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The dates of the Moon Cycles are incorrect, but otherwise, I love the pictures.
5676	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This notebook is actually a pale purple, not a vibrant color like the one shown. So bummed. I love moleskines (I use them exclusively) but I am super disappointed that the color is so off
They are the same size as my smartphone so tend to live together in purse slot - a nice bit of added protection for the phone.
6234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I keep these in my scrub pockets for work notes. They are perfect sized and really durable. I love Moleskine products and this one stands up to my abuse. Very nice product.
5719	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notebook. I'm a big fan of Moleskin products and would recommend them any day of the week.
330	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I got this when it was $1.50 because my other purchases were just under $25 for free shipping.  I used it as a party gift.  Nice to keep in your purse or car for when you need to jot something down.  I would not pay $3.49 though.  You can get 3 or more little notebooks for that price at office stores.
94	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	enormous, bulky, returned it
2535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great thanks
335	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Huge map - excellent for a kid's room - its only weakness is the bizarre sizing of the states of Alaska and Hawaii that appear in the bottom left corner. I give it 5 stars because it's really a great map for your money.
7035	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are middle age, this is the best way to control your voice mail. The TAM is feature laden with excellent performance. You have 40 min. total record time and the voice quality is the best I have heard. The possibility of using 4 mailboxes is great if you want to route messages to different family members or use the same TAM for business and personal use. You do have only one password for remote retrival of messages, so expect all your messages to be heard by the entire family. The TAM is kind of quirky in the way it will only hold memory if the power goes off. Use a 9volt LITHIUM battery and be careful not to allow the power cord plug to detach. When you remove the power cord from the machine, you reset settings. This box originally sold for under a hundred bucks. Expect to pay 300.00 today if you want a nos unit.
8027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Shipping was super fast and the used Graphing Calculator was just as described.  My daughter really needed this for school and has put it to good use!
  * 600 dpi
5392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notebook, perfect size. Very well constructed. Moleskin notebooks are my favorite and they always hold up very well!
5996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will buy again for sure.
5103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great build quality but might not last depending on use and storage.
if you spend a lot of money in Jumbajuice or other juice bars, buy this without any hesitation.  It will save you money in just a couple of months and will make you healthier in no time.
255	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this in years past and remember liking it. I ordered a new one and it's exactly how I remember! I also like that you can use dry erase markers on the pages having the children "find" the letters. Nice product!
It's their best RPN-based calc.  It has many useful extras (equation solver with algebraic notation for equations, fraction mode, unit conversions) and the lack of menus is great.  Physically it has held up very well; it spent many years riding around in my backpack along with a lot of other heavy things (bike lock, tools) on a daily basis with nary a problem.
5294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It seems everyone still needs the occasional little booklet to scribe notes into, even with all the pdas and cellphones. I ordered this to use in my clinical rotations. Very handy. I'd recommend the hard bound one, just because I've read the soft bound one's pages don't like to stay in place. I got it in red to stand out from everyone else's. Pages are nice to write on.
6243	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this journal with a capital L.O.V.E. I ordered another one and I'm filling them with little sepia paintings and pens and inks and limited palette paintings.
1109	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like this notebook. Especially in the first page it has a few useful data for several organic chemicals. also good quality.
1294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality product


8434	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Meets my needs for artwork. I would buy again.
The calculators key-markings are a kind of pastel green and are difficult to see compared to white.
5352	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Papers are thinner than how they used to be.

The elastic band is a necessity to keep it closed when being dragged all over creation. The interior pocket has come in very handy too!
7076	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as expected
Revised Review:  Whoops!  It didn't know that there were actually too versions of the item. I should have ordered the one with the copy perforated for pullout.  It was a very good deal compared to the price at my college.

7766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I expected, very pleased.  Newer version of calculator I used for 20 years but which finally died. This is an excellent simple calculator with comfortable keys and screen.
4155	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delighted to find stationary with an Owl theme.
Okay, here's why we do sweet corn: I really love sugar-and-gold, but can't always get it either fresh on the cob or frozen. So, when we DO find it (usually in the spring), we cooked them up, cut them off the cob, and freeze the kernels in these little tubs. The cooking method: Put three ears of corn at a on a dish, then microwave for five minutes. When they cool off, cut off the kernels with a sharp knife. Ta-da!
There's a lot of extra stuff in the front that's highly motivating but I could honestly do without. It just takes up space in my personal opinion but it could be really inspirational to some.
4932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great, bought this for learning to take musical notation lessons, nice size great paper and size.
9432	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased it as a better option for preparation for CFA certification. One thing that is missing is solar way of charging.
2519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is beautiful!  My kids can read it as well which is nice that it can still function as a map.
9775	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works Fine
8460	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Since this is the only calculator that is allowed in most college classes it kind of ties your hands on what you can buy.  I would think after producing this calculator for 10 years the price would be better.
8122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
8195	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	When you fold the card it breaks in half. The paper is a lot thinner than at the office supply.
Cover does the job and keeps it protected while carrying in a bag of various other junk.
5562	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Little on the tiny side, but great construction and does the job.
1917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed a new address book and what better than a vintage style norman rockwell one? It's big enough to have hundred of address'! I really recommend!!
Added Note:  This would also make a useful, handy notebook for those all important PASSWORDS - small, alphabetized.  My daughter took mine to use just for that.
7159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very bright white, all colors are brilliant.
8457	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for a college algebra class I'm taking. Hasn't failed me yet, and I like the design of it. Sleek and modernized.
27	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2Y52J3IL4TVEP" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B14wfPsgOOS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81bdZgHtJ8S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;We LOVE this bible cover!  I have 2 blue ones for my son as well.  One at school and one at home!  The storage is GREAT!  Very deep pockets!  I've attached a video that shows you all the details and features.  Very durable material.  would definitely purchase again and again!  I love that it's a color and "theme" that can grow with her!

6812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite pens.  Just be careful who you hand it to.  This pen works great and looks fantastic.  It almost fills weighted.  It has a great weight and looks good when you are using it.  You also can buy different colors and different types of refills for it.
4817	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great pocket sized notebook for taking notes. I find it very useful for brainstorming and writing things down. Most of us have smartphones, but I find that it's easier to scribble into a notebook. It's a good way to track things and make calculations, and be able to keep those calculations. I do a lot of inventory work, so I'm always writing things down and crossing them out, and putting numbers next to items. It is a good quality notebook, with a rubber band to keep the book closed. Fits perfectly into my jacket pocket. It is a bit expensive though!
1328	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are okay.  Don't last too long but for the price they are worth it.

1033	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good for school supplies list. On time good quality and good price
5469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I must admit that I would prefer the Leuchtturm book over this one. But I reviewed the L books w/ 3 stars because of the price.
1. They're completely plain so you need to mark which side of the bookmark is the one you stopped at.  I used a sharpie and made a mark on one side.
- The quality control of the actual paper is woefully lacking,

3591	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Dove Body Wash, Mandarin fragrance is a great product.  The wash is soothing and comfortable on the skin, causing me no allergic reactions either.  The Mandarin fragrance is fresh smelling and light.  .
I was desperate to find a good paper for my Micron pens, and finally found it!
8139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are high quality and they hold a picture from my HP Photosmart 7525 inkjet printer very nicely. The envelops are high quality and require regular postage. Good value in my book. Would recommend.
4917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love this brand. I can always expect their products to arrive on time and be of good quality. The package arrived on time . Ordered this one because I have finished my green one. I love the pocket in the back. Would like there to be more color options.

So keep on making different styles! Thanks!!
319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really pretty notebook, seems durable.
-Page texture. I can write with any pen or pencil on the paper, and it feels great. From fountain pens to ballpoint pens, from regular #2 pencils to drawing leads.

6.  Solver, solve for any variable.
5236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a longtime fan of Moleskine. Now that my life consists of a neverending series of meetings, I was looking for something that would make it easier for me to find a particular note and keep a to-do list related to individual meetings. After using this for a few weeks, I think it's better than the plain notebooks, and I like how the individual pages are divided into three separate areas for different kinds of things. I have yet to use the tear out list pages, but I'm sure they will come in handy at soem point.
The only negative, and this is a nit, is that there's no battery hatch. You have to take the case apart to replace the coin battery. I don't know why they've done that but the batteries last so long (5 years?) this shouldn't be an issue.
1585	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice looking light. Easy to crank. Not as bright as it's Eveready counterpart. The eveready is harder to crank and requires more cranks for the same length of power time. Solar is the best part. I would hope to depend on mostly solar recharge.
These are also thicker so there's room - and a left side flap - for a notepad as well as every Scout should have.
7912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have had inkjet printers and laser printers and other kinds too.  But this is the first time I have had a printer that sports an ink cartridge that actually warns me in advance when it is getting low in ink!  The  software connected with the printer and ink cartridge will give you a  message on your screen that your ink level is low, and even shows you a  graphic picture of approximately how low it is, and tells you what will  happen when the ink totally runs out (that is, it will stop printing  altogether -- unlike other printers that continue to spit out blank pages).  The print quality is great, and the cartridge seems to last a good long  time.  It is easy to replace and install. Who could ask for more?
5646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these notebooks all the time and they hold up great and you look super smart writing in them.
1535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Shampoo and Conditioner in one from Aussie!!! Things are looking up!  I have very long, thick hair down to my waist.  I shampoo every second day and have been using Aussie for about 30 years.  While the regular shampoo and 3-Minute Miracle have always been great, I am getting a bit older and wanted one product rather than two.  VOILA!  This is a great all in one product that does the job.  Love it!
9434	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	With all the news about potential ways to have your identity stolen, I finally decided to get a shredder.  During my investigation, I realized that the only kind to buy is a cross cut.  Strip shredders simply don't seem anywhere near as secure.  The Fellowes PS60C-2 works like a charm.  I've only had it a few weeks and discovered two problems.  First, the shredder is heavy enough to be awkward removing to empty the supplied container.  It also completely covers the opening making it necessary to either purchase another can for bulkier trash and items not needing obliteration or reaching under the desk to `carefully' lift it off to gain access to the can. The instructions say the cutters should be oiled once a month.  The company could have included a small tube of oil to get started.  I am, by the way, very happy with my purchase and really do feel more comfortable when I shred old bank statements, etc. instead of tearing them into little pieces.
8141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love that you can get weird colors. I am a math teacher and got a class set of the ugly greens so that they won't be as easy/likely to get stolen.
7.  Matrices, for linear programming.
9959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite labeling tape. Works great. My label maker is over 16 years old and still works perfectly.
5451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine makes the best notebooks, and the large, ruled is my go-to version. The paper feels crisp and clean. There's a pocket in the pack for stowing photos, etc. The elastic strap ensures that the notebook stays closed. There's even a "Property of; reward if found" page inside the front cover so that if you lose your notebook when you're halfway done writing your novel, some good soul can return it to you.
7647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
  * 59 F
3371	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like how this sticker page is not your typical "graph" incentive chart.  The kids enjoy putting stickers on the lily pads.
I have both the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-32S/dp/B010L2QJ8S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP 32S</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-32Sii/dp/B00000JBMH/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP 32Sii</a>&nbsp;calculators, and they have been my every day workhorses for office and home use since I first purchased them. My HP 32S shows a date of 1987 on the serial number plate on the back of the calculator, as well as a 'Made in USA'. It may have been one of the last models to have been made here before all calculator production moved overseas. My HP 32Sii calculator also shows a date of 1987 and was made in Indonesia. I'm guessing that I purchased it a few years after getting the 32S, thinking that I would have it as a spare when the 32S finally stopped working, which is something that never came about.
I adore this planner!

7333	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it, I really like the books that came with it, but the color of the water is not blue, on mine,( like it seems to represent) it is a light green blue.
7579	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
6554	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I received it on time yes. Easier to writer info in with wider spaces. Only thing it really should have is more than 2 pages to store addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and etc.
I had patched the 2nd cell from my October 2010 purchase back in March 2014 and that cell finally gave out today. Back when I wrote my original review on this item, I gave it 3 stars because the first cell ruptured after 3 months and the 2nd one in March 2014. I was able to "patch" the leaks and used the wrist rest with less gel. Both cells ruptured again today and this time I wasn't able to patch it, so all in all I got about 6 years out of this product, not quite the 12 years I got from the previous product. Again, I was debating whether to make another purchase, when I remembered receiving a package in the mail a few days after I wrote my initial review. Today I opened that package and sure enough there was a complete replacement that someone named Dave sent to me. So I hope I can get another 3 or 6 years out of the replacement and since there is nothing else on the market that even comes close, I will order another one to have as a spare. I am revising my overall star rating for this product to a 4.
There is a removable section with tabbed pages (and sheets of assorted labels) that can be used as a telephone directory, birthday reminders, etc.
3793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Heavy, nice, elegant, expensive, and make a great gift for that person that has everything!!!!!

8333	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works real good.  It is enough for making calculations and finding angles and
4804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my custom day / week / month planner that I make.
Using this calculator in Calculus and Chemistry and it has not given me a reason to dislike my purchase.
exact same items at STAPLES, and they rushed to return the unopened items for refund. They were most pleased to re-imburse me and asked me to order other ink cartridges for different printers the business used. I was pleased to do so.
9165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product, keeps my wrist very comfortable at work all day

6537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has become absolutel indispensable to me. I don't necessarily use each part of the page as it's labelled, but there are enough different list points that I've created my own system that works so well. And the size is perfect for carrying around in my handbag, with a mechanical pencil nestled in the wire binding. This is the second year I'm using an Action Day Planner, and I'll definitely be ordering another one next year!
4506	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is ideal for a teacher! I have so many charts, and most of them fit perfectly in the storage. It is durable, and keeps your charts secure. Also, the price is reasonable and it arrived in a timely manner. I ordered two. I will definitely oder from this company again if I need more.
Because this shredder cuts in a criss- cross pattern, there is added security against theft. This is particularly important for those businesses who deal with documents that include Social Security numbers and credit card numbers on a consistent basis. The paper is cut down to pieces measuring only 1 and 3/8 by 5/32 inches. This is small enough that there should be no further worries about anyone piecing together the paper. It would be more frustrating than it's worth.
5291	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice size, quite convenient.  pretty color.  The paper is okay, but does allow for a lot of shadowing from anything heavier than a bic pen.  Definitely not very fountain pen friendly paper.  lots of feathering and shadowing.  It's okay.  Would be fine for colored pencils, but I don't recommend anything wetter than a ballpoint.
8805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very smooth surface with a nice pad to keep your wrist supported. No complaints here and I woud buy one again.
8032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was required for my 7th graders math class. It was a lot cheaper than at the local office supply store. It n is easy to use and the button so are very clear. It is solar powered on there is no batteries to replace. It is available let in a nice assortment the of colors from pink to blue to green.... what ever you choose.

May be technically slower than newer models but for practical every day use you will not notice a difference.  And, with the advantages of good key feel and RPN, you'll be way ahead of someone using a competitor's product.
THESE ARE FIVE STARS BECAUSE THEY ARE THE SAME THING BASICALLY.

While reading some of the reviews before wish listing it I saw that some feel this color is purple.. My last Texas Instruments was the purple two line model . I would have to disagree it was a rich deep royal purple. This is a true raspberry, it actually matches a raspberry coat, and top I own perfectly.
3437	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I needed a replacement for my classroom for my card chart for discipline. Looks nice, the stitching between the pockets is my only worry.
3624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product and "does the job". very well. It is used in conjunction with Consort hair sprays.
7646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality
6337	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient, but hard to put together (my son had to rescue me and put it together for me).
Overall, I think this is a perfect address book for me. AND I am happy with my purchase.
9357	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Wrist rest pad goes flat after little use... and I have petite wrists.
it. It tastes fine. It's a low acidity coffee with an adequate caffeine effect
1760	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful pictures.

900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my parents and they love it. It is a beautiful map that is easy to read.
9878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great arrived on time, no issues.

8632	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
2627	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like all the Knock Knock pads I have ordered. each one is fun and is made of good quality heavy paper.
6879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have some of the finer fountain pens, including Monte Blanc. The Cross Classic Century Fine Nib Fountain Pen is sleek and well designed. The cap screws on the top of the pen so that while writing it does not slip off. I read the reviews about it writing thicker than a fine point, but I have tried two different colors of the Cross SLIM cartridges (you will need to purchase the SLIM cartridges for this pen) with this pen and it never writes blotchy or thick. The bottom line here is, if you like slim pens, this one is great. As someone in one of the reviews said, it writes ever so slightly scratchy at times, but not enough to be a problem in anyway.
9110	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What a difference this has made!  This Belkin mouse pad is well made and seems quite durable.  The part that your wrist rests on, is very supportive, yet soft and comfortable for your hand to rest on.  I love it - use it at work every day now and it makes my wrist bones a lot less sore!!
My only complaint with this notebook is that the glue holding the bookmark in has let loose, so I have to be careful not to lose it. This may be just me, however.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00000JH4Y?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_19
3	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this book for my first grade classroom. I read the book to the students during a math lesson. The first day, I split the students into groups and had them count how many pockets they had all together. They recorded it on a chart and answered questions like: Who had the most? Who had the least? Choose two numbers and compare using <,>,=. The second day we referenced the book and compared pockets of the boys vs the girls. They again answered questions about the numbers. They loved it! Recommend!!
518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item is listed as described. Would recommend to others. Works well and would buy again. Have no complaints about it.
+ Elastic band keeps the notebook closed, and all items within the notebook secured.
1981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a teacher and this works for what I need it for to keep track of what I am doing every day.
6451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All who received them loved them
88	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Bible Book Covers make great covers for Boy Scout Handbooks.
9855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	was as promised
4504	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Before purchasing two of these I used cardboard organizers for my bulletin board materials.  Over the years they had gotten worn out and the handles were tearing up.  This made portability rather challenging.
Try Them!
5873	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	We bought these books for our daughters to journal during our recent vacation. It was nice that they had pockets in the back to store loose items until they could be taped in. They held up well and were a good size for them to carry around in their backpacks. I took off a star because the price was not super great - I saw similarly priced items locally after purchasing these.
7508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	HP calculators are the best.  I had an HP 12C when I was working and it stopped functioning several years ago.  So I use my bulkier HP41 while at home.  But recently I have needed one when I'm at a class I'm taking and wanted the slimmer 12C again.  So I bought this on Amazon and love it.
1692	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Hardcore Dilbert fans have the books, but this calendar is especially fun for the newer fan. It is a great conversation starter if left in view on cubicle desks and reception areas.
8003	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My last TI lasted me for 25+ years.  I'm expecting the same service.

2424	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Seems well made.
235	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe the difference this grass made in the classroom. It's jut fun and bright.
7038	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The standalone answering machine had its heyday in the 1990s. Digital recording, an exotic and imperfect technology, transformed it from a complicated tape-based machine into a flexible voice-mail system.

Purchased here on Amazon.com Where the whole World. Shops for Value.
Check and repeat if necessary....take it by the handle, get yourself a spoon, and enjoy right from the bowl.
1952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This just adds another level to my zentangles and is a great resource for new tangles.  Helps with practicing what you have learned.
2601	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Arrived on time.  The bottom bars fall out easily when it is moved.
1077	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Kitchen timer works better than this. It was a waste of money for us.
9263	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Our son loves this so much it is already wearing out.
5187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As i get older I have a need to write notes more that ever. This has always been a great product and this continues that tradition. I have always written myself notes (everyone forgets things particularly if they are busy) and this is a great portable size that fits well in a shirt pocket.
it is full of graph paper. The elastic keeps it closed and a ribbon keeps your place for when you return. The

1942	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely adore this notebook.  I am using it everyday to sketch and write in, and it has lasted well already over a month now and no problems at all.  I love the quality so much better than most notebooks I have seen.
9690	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Thanks to a severe flare-up of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, I found myself in a lot of pain after a day of typing.  I finally broke down and bought wrist wrests for both my keyboard and my trackball, and I'm glad I did even though both took some major getting used to.  The keyboard rest is great in most respects, but for me it has two drawbacks:  It could be a bit longer, and it pushes the top of my keybard up under my desk (I have a pull-out shelf arrangement.)  Neither is the fault of Fellowes necessarily, and I mention it only to alert anyone who has a very wide or deep keyboard to these possible (minor) problems. I do find, however, that the rest isn't quite high enough for me to avoid some stressing of my wrists.


1253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son goes through pocket journals like mad! He loves to draw on them.  These are lined, but still work well for drawing in the car, church, etc.
3100	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Lots of lines and space for writing lists, however I usually keep mine on the fridge so it would have been nice if it had a magnet on the back. I just added one to the back of mine though.
9493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, but wish there were more  instructions on how to set problems up.
2690	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Did take notice of the size. They are smaller than normal but will work for giving students positive feedback. They were a great price.
While the problems vary from ink to ink, feathering and bleed through with these notebooks is atrocious. If you're using anything but the finest nib and the driest ink you won't be able to use the backs of the pages on which you're writing. And if you're a fan of inks that shade heavily, forget about it. The paper is far too absorbent to let any shading happen.

One last note - if you purchase from Amazon, they are not particularly well packed.  They put them in a tube that is too large for the map so it bangs around and the ends get a bit bent up.  Also they don't tape the ends of the tube so I had to have a second one sent after my first tube arrived empty and without ends on it.

4508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Seems a bit lightweight so I laminated the cards and I would suggest others do so as well. But the system is great otherwise and condenses what would normally be several charts into one.

7279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So, how does this product compare against "Hammermill Inkjet Paper, 96 Brightness, 24lb, 8-1/2 x 11, White, 500 Sheets/Ream"?
3886	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love the way it looks (I chose a green one)... even the CORD is green, neat touch. The controls are a bit spread out, with a "bun warming" tray dial on one end, the actual how-dark-do-you-want-it controls on the side and the elevator lever on the other narrow end. I buy bread at the market, and it's SLIGHTLY wider than a Wonder Bread type of slice, and it's a tight fit in this thing.
800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent CD.  I grew up in this era, yet it's new to me.  Love it.  Thanks.
7348	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A few of the lines do not match up - other than that, is good - appears to be the only game in town at a reasonable price!
This calculator really helped me to learn calculus when I was in high school.  I would recommend it to anyone who uses algebra on a regular basis, and particularly to students.
This item shipped fast and I love the blue color of it.
1. At the front end, you get an extra tube sticking through the large ballpoint opening with a smaller hole for the lead to come out, which looks much less elegant than the old pencil.  Yes, it's just looks, but you are paying for that.
9523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	supports my wrist well, bought 2 more.
2451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Charming and adorable! I had one like this earlier, but needed a replacement. The item was perfect, and the company shipped it so quickly! Would purchase again.
3165	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it's a 100 number chart.  very straightforward.  i do like that there aren't many embellishments - i find that too many "learning aids" are very distracting and busy.  as a teacher, i appreciate the simplicity of this.  it's fun to use this to look for number patterns, especially ones that go diagonally!
2718	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My aunt says thi all the time "Just sayin..." so its her birthday present along with a few other things.
8464	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Butcher paper or paper on a roll is what I was looking for, and what I got with this product.  Paper is pretty good quality, we use it for day to day art projects.  Water colors, finger painting, markers , stickers etc.
2316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this little address book.  The color is perfect and the elastic strap holds it shut nicely.  It is just the right size, small enough if you carry a large purse to take it with you.  For me it was not hard to write in.  I had room to write what I needed to and I used 2 lines something and re-wrote the titles when I needed more space.  I would highly recommend this book and would buy another one.
I colored one stylized mandala design on 8.5x11 card stock using nothing but this pen, and the result was nice. I started in one corner and worked my way down and around. The design slowly changes shade as it goes down the page, and I receive a lot of compliments on that one. But I used up the started-as-blue pen, and now I don't have access to the blue ink until I use up at least one color in another pen.
1946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these along with the Original Edition, and placed them in baseball card pocket sheets for my 3-ring binder.  They're great to have as inspiration.

2189	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful book mark very attractive.
6511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is the worlds best planner.  I used it for the first time in 2017 and didn't hesitate to purchase again.
2859	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought these for a co-worker who is moving up and on. They're very cute and naughty without being naughty. :)
4495	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	OMG I laughed when I opened this up.. for the price I was so disappointed .... this is super small
1473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A nice addition to my service for 12.
Cons:  1.  When you start a program, it takes about five seconds to load.  2.  Complicated equations (probably involving integrals/derivates) take about five seconds to graph (it sometimes seems like forever when you're in a hurry). 3.  No FLASH ROM available, for those of you who are looking for "expandable" calculators.
9567	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product really works well for me.  I bought the same thing for my old office but lost it so glad I found it again.  Makes working 8 hours in the office relaxing.
4025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this little bag. It holds my bible and my notepad with extra space for pens. I have a slim bible but it has enough space for larger bibles as well. Great buy!
5440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First off, pink is my favorite color. This item is not magenta, as stated - it is a petal pink (just a couple shades lighter than rose).

4137	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected
7742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help when I turor math students at the university. One of my students had one of these, so I ordered this one from Amazon.
The dots are visible enough to guide my writing straight, yet not strong enough to make me feel constrained by the grid. I can still comfortably draw freely on it.
3281	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bigger than expected, fun to leave messages.  I am fond of penguins, so office staff recognize not is from me right away.
to this prayer,
2935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Surprised my husband with these and he can't wait to use them at work!!
7623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this at work to add up patient's costs of materials with their vision insurance. This visually attractive calculator has large numbers and a  clear display that, in my opinion, are great features so patients can see what I'm doing. I also like that this calculator is flat and lightweight without an excessive amount of buttons I definitely wouldn't use.  I would think this is an ideal and simplistic option for people with low vision difficulties.

9627	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent seller , very fast shipping , Item as described , Thanks! ~~~

6218	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS!!  Exactly what I wanted. Great quality paper  doesn't curl or bleed over.
5079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best journal ever! Perfect to write on and small, can fit anywhere

5926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these sketchbooks. The cover is study but flexible. They lay mostly flat when opened. The paper is smooth and takes the graphite from my 4B clutch pencils well.
2888	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very cute had a lot of fun with this at work
8168	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price.  I have been using this greeting card paper for years with out any porblems.  Will continue to buy more


  * Normal
3. This planner does not just assume your occupation. You can use this one for your duties whether you are a parent, student, worker-from-home or, like me, a creative person. Every other planner I've used focused on one primary area of my life - usually work. I needed something like this that takes into account that I have LOTS to track and need help focusing.
9049	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	terrible wrist rest wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
219	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute quick read for the little ones.
Great little sketchbook. I will eventually work my way up to a larger size for more detailed work, but this is great for being out and about.
4142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this non stapled full month calendar, already put it to use, , there is room to write notes on the side, I been looking for a nice one like this with plastic cover.
2349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality with a very nice graphic and tassel
8942	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this organizer. I got two and i have all the extension activities, anchor activities for students. Also, I have my "graded" papers, and "to grade" papers which makes everything easier to file and find.
5415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like everyone else, I love it.  Simple.  Effective.  Function.  Flawless.  What more could you want ?  I'm a customer for life
6249	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I tried this notebook and was very disappointed.  The paper is really thin, and buckles quite easily.  To use it effectively with watercolor paints, you have to make sure that you don't use too much water, otherwise, there will be so many buckles in the paper that keeping the notebook flat with the elastic, will not help very much.  That sort of defeats the purpose of using a Moleskine.
8635	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	this is not comfortable at all.
These are also thicker so there's room - and a left side flap - for a notepad as well as every Scout should have.
8273	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product came as advertise, and I was more than satisfied.  Price also good, thanks!
4247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful quality. The cover is a lovely red. I really do like it and was pleasantly surprised because I couldn't tell from the pictures exactly how beautiful it was going to be. I like the gold edges, it reminds me of my Bible, and I use it as a prayer journal.
728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beauty of a calendar,, I enjoy getting this brand of calendars each year, the print is darker on this one and can see that so much better...enjoy these various birds.
9928	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Thank you. Will buy again!
4815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this thinking it would be a little bigger. This is literally credit card sized. I was looking for playcard size.
5223	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a long time fan of Moleskine products. Their notebooks are the best.  Bought this is a little gift to my wife so she could record various things and she loves it

the beads are beatiful
I also used the pen with Higgins Fountain Pen India - a non-waterproof bottled ink formulated for fountain pens (you'd still NEVER want to use normal India ink - this one was made to be fountain-pen safe!). Despite what some folks say, works quite well in this pen without gumming it up (it doesn't have the shellac normally in India ink, which destroys pens. That makes it the best of both worlds)!
-----Full yearly calendar smartly designed on inside of both flaps (2015 front, 2016 back)
7952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this calculator. Not small, not big. I lost the one I had for years and I bought this one, so far, I had no any issue.
DID TEXAS INSTRUMENT KILLED SOME BUGS IN THE BA2+?
7500	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife bought this for a college class that required it. She says it worked perfectly and was a real time saver
Great set for the price.  Gives you many color options.

3748	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I primarily bought this for the eye chart but the other things are also adorable. I don't regret this set at all.
I don't know the other case though.
These worked great.

280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful little magnetic board, and very strong !!!! A wonderful value !
Renee (Rivki) Silverberg
2663	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good and simple.
Its a great calendar, lots of humor to help pass the day. Get it.
2817	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeps us on track and our to do list  right in our Face!
4474	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very colorful

4126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is cute and the owls are a nice size. I was afraid they would be too small. Cannot say how it will hold up, have not used it yet.

+ Back pocket offers another space to hold small notes and other items.

1903	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely adore this address book.  Norman Rockwell has got to be one of my all time favorite artists.  I am really satisfied with the quality of the book and am loving it.
384	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a map.  It's big.  It's folded.  Folds do not come out easily.  If this bothers you, get the more expensive rolled up version.  Happy with the purchase, and the price was right.
3965	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted! Large space for each day; paper is easy to write on with pencil or pen (matte like writing paper not shiny like photo calendars); magnets hold it firmly in place; so far, top clip for prior months works great; pocket at bottom is convenient for clipping on pens, holding postits. Will be buying next year as well!
4629	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These stencils are perfect. Bought a set for my 4 year old for Christmas. There is a nice variety and the box is great for keeping them all together.
2302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love bookmarks.  I had a hard time finding nice ones in the stores around the holidays.  I was happy to find these on Amazon.  They are sturdy and the tassel makes it easy to find where you've left off.
All in all, a good learning experience for the planned larger project, and a good map for general use as long as you're prepared for both the thinness and its annoying habit of always trying to re-roll itself.
1078	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works OK but a little hevay for in the books.
8135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I save money by making my own cards
2749	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gift
There are nice, complete sections about birth/homecoming, and fun things like a section for you to fill in "special moments" (including a checkbox for if it was the first time Baby did something), and a section for recording Baby's first foods, and how those went over.  There is a medical section that is much larger than I hope we will actually need.  There's also a recipes section, which, I don't know what sort of things would be worth recording there, but whatever, it could be fun.
7571	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
8020	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good functions and price.  Would prefer a crisper display but not bad.
4926	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskins notebooks and journals are pretty well made, with pretty good paper. I say only "pretty good paper" because Noodler's Nightshade ink in a nicely flowing fine point fountain pen bleeds or can be seen through the paper, so tiny writing on both sides can be hard to read.
The mouse surface is smooth and I haven't experienced any snags [Magic Mouse 1 and Logitech Master MX]. The surface area could be a bit bigger but that's personal preference and something I knew about going in.
8188	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this brand of card stock - nice weight; ink absorbs evenly, and the paper is scored, making folding the paper into a card easy and precise.
2800	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pad, along with several other Knock Knock Notepads for co-workers this Christmas. They are really neat and unique enough to make them smile.
7010	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This pen writes like a standard $0.10 bic pen.  It looks very nice, but the writing quality is "meh" at best.
8258	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These cards are made of pretty good card stock with nice envelopes.  The template I downloaded did not have any envelope printing option; there was only a template for the card.  Designing the card took a little bit of experimenting before I got the writing and picture to be organized correctly in the template.  There are really no guides in the template. It also took me a while to orient the paper correctly in the printer, but once that worked, the output of the picture on the card cover was rich.
This is helped even more by the fact that this paper is substantially whiter than most papers, giving both images and text more "pop" and better visibility.
8819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good pad.
4228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality journal.  Heavy pages and good graphics.  A favorite passage and perfect for my personal use. Great for a gift.
3944	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use for cell phones in my classroom and it is perfect!!
8710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	wrist saver.
3731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super quality! What else can I say.
9274	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great pad
* Small saw blade
1153	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A little goes a long way with this product. It will last you forever. It has a great smell and left my hair feeling silky. Reduced the amount of frizz and looked great after flat ironing it.
4248	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected
I finally figured out why some molskines have thick pages and some are thin. maybe this was obviously to some, but not me! this booked is called " moleskin art plus sketchbook. it has the heavy paper that is good for finished drawings. this the book for artist. the regular one,  I think it's just "moleskin notebook" it has much thinner paper that is best for writing and sketching. I like both, but I
The pad seems to work fine. There is a natural dent in the middle to conform to the base of the palm. That's different but doesn't bother me, although I think the one without the dent works equally well. Another reviewer says it's too reflective and the mouse doesn't track on it, but I haven't had that problem. My optical mouses (all cheap ones) seem to work fine on it. The reviewer also says the top doesn't lay flat. Mine seem plenty flat.
The negatives - it's not laminated, now if I was buying this for myself that would be fine, but the paper is also some strange form of paper that attracts and holds small sticky fingerprints.  Being maps, little fingers are naturally attracted like magnets.
In summary, if you like wine this is a very easy to use opener.  It also comes with a wine aerator and at a price $10 cheaper than the original I bought in 2006.  This is an early review.  I'll update if problems develop.
1 - California's Indian Nations
9762	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've used these staple guns for years and never had a problem (that I didn't cause). BUT, they are not idiot proof. Decent maintenance is a must. You will need to occasionally put a little oil or silicone spray on all the pivot points. Most of the jams I've ever had come from 2 issues: 1. not putting enough "squeeze" on the handle to completely fire a staple; 2. having less than a 1/4" staple strip in the magazine. If you have a weak grip, that is not the guns problem, that is your weakness problem. This is a spring operated gun and takes a good grip to fire it. Also, if you are firing it into hard wood or plastic, you will need more strength than if you are firing into pine.
838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This CD brought back a lot of memories since I grew up in the 60"s. I also bought their Yellow Submarine which had some songs I had not heard or forgot.
5176	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is moleskine - no more need said.

8500	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This scientific calculator has all the feature you need to do what you need for high school math classes and most college course. It is also simple enough for basic calculation.
1363	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gel pens.
8845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!
15	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent item! Lots of room, pockets etc...
I also recommend getting some sharpie pens, the fine tip ones, to sketch with in this book, they dry almost instantly, don't smear, and work hand in hand with this sketchbook to ensure a beautiful color ink comes out.
3573	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	If you have a craft project these are useful. Remember to use a small nail to make the guide hole!
8532	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Purchased this based off a recommendation from my Algebra professor. He said it would be well worth the price, and to some extent it has been. What I absolutely cannot stand is that I have to press certain buttons like I'm working out or something. It seriously takes effort to press some of these buttons as it seems the padding is not evenly distributed under the keys. Some are easier to press while others can completely ruin a formula if you don't check to see if the last input was recognized by the calculator.
3444	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this calendar! Very durable and I love the pockets for storage. I would definitely recommend this item.

8796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and excellent service
7353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my mother for her old typewriter.  Thrilled to get them since you couldn't find these anymore.  Very good.

9592	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I enjoy this product.  It's very soft and comfortable on your wrist it rests on the gel pad.  If the product is durable I think it will be a good cheap investment to help combat wrist fatigue and pain.
1305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old loves these pens. The ink is both smelly and sparkly - the best of both worlds for a little girl. The smell carries through to the paper and lasts a while. So far, they seem to be of good quality.
13	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves this for carrying his large Bible, notes and notepad. Perfect!
2771	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are cute, if you still use paper in your office!
9578	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I've also been buying these for years.  Just to confirm, they have dramatically changed the wrist pad portion of this.  It used to be a squishy but supportive gel, almost similar to the consistency of a thick dough.  Now if feels like a fairly hard foam.  It's not nearly as comfortable.  Really disappointing.
2571	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very big, nice contrast on the colors for look and viewability.  Very large, nice laminatin, best map deal around by 5 fold.
While browsing, I found the Limited Edition Moleskine. Being a Star Wars fan, I had no doubt in buying this version! It definitely adds a touch, but it's absolutely not 'heavy'. In fact only the cover, the first and last pages are 'Star Wars themed'; everything else is 'standard-Moleskine'.
6140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	...and write down my thoughts.  As long as you understand the size, its a very good little notebook.  Its small enough to fit in a shirt pocket and has a front and back cover that are a little thicker than the paper and even a bit plasticky feeling.  The pack comes with two blue  notebooks (two shades of blue) so you can have two different uses going.  The only thing is, that as small as the pages are, it won't take you long to fill up these notebooks.
8446	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this was a great buy,..will get more..there is so much that it will last a while...baby loves making long finger paint pics with it...seems much more fun than just square paper
2410	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good quality, could use a few more pages
The answer key is necessary - it's been a long time since I was in 7th grade!
1407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daryl...yummmmy!

3634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great blender bottles! Last years!

6070	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The conpany shipped out quickly.  This is also a great little address
1888	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love her art, and the calendars are nice and sturdy. They have been hanging on my wall for several years now. Love them!
4765	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine Hard Red for Art would be a decent sketchbook for those who want something that could easily fit into a satchel and has surface that is smoother and more rigid than stereotypical sketchbook paper.  It is also pretty cute.  If you are looking for something larger than pocket-sized but not as large as a letter-sized notebook, and willing to pay some extra bucks for quality, try this one.
520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just want I need in my classroom
6620	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this Planner for several years and was happy to find it on Amazon since I was unable to find it locally.
2691	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome
7001	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This pen is chinese crap thats slippery. Not what they used to be. I have a cross 3501 from 1967 and 1970 and the old ones are solid and heavy and usa made. I sent in a 1980 cross 3501 that broke and they sent me this as a replacememt and i am disappointed. Its slippery becsuse it lacks a grip engraving, the two pieces don't aline correctly and doesnt write as smooth. Go buy a vintage cross 3501 on ebay. I bought several used vintage ones on ebay because the older ones are high quality and a pleasure to write with.
5479	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Moleskines are oft regarded as THE classic premium notebook. The cover is soft, velvety almost, and the pages a pleasing muted ivory color. They come in many different varieties. They have a huge cult following of people, many who are amazing artists, more who just enjoy writing their thoughts or stories down for personal enjoyment. There are websites devoted to modifications and everyday uses for them. In short, when someone cares about what they're writing, they'll often write it in a Moleskine.
6063	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use these for keeping track of my health information and food nutritional information for Weight Watchers
4215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good looking
423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We're very pleased with the Rand McNally M-Series USA wall map (30" x 52").
3806	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These things beat the socks off plastic wrap or paper towels for topping off bowls in the microwave.
For now, for my "good notes" that are worth keeping, I'm switching over to the Leuchtturm 1917 pocket notebooks.  I'll go through a few of those and then write a review on them.  So far, they seem much more promising even though the Leuchtturms have more of a "perfect" type binding and the pages do not lay flat like on the Moleskine.  I can live with that, though.
3091	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute book that I got for my mom.  Took me a while to fill it out but it made it all that much more adorbs.  :)  Very personal, she cried. :)

9601	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this mouse pad because of the other shining reviews about it - and absolutely love it as well! Not too hard, not too soft, it holds my wrist in the perfect way and I definitely have enough room for motion of the mouse. Didn't notice any smell when it was new. I loved it so much, I got 4 more for the other employees in my office! I've used it for 5 months now and am still happy
3566	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smaller than I was thinking it was, but as advertised.  Very pretty.
How can it be better than that?

1472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We have all of the characters, and use a different one every day in our daughter's lunch kit. They're durable, useful, and fun. Highly recommended.
4129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	kindergarten teacher my granddaughter needed to brighten up her class
1034	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	USED THEM TO DECORATE ENVELOPES
101	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I recently got the Complete-Evangelical-Parallel-Bible-International, which has 4 versions of the Bible, and it fits in this case. What more can I say than that it does its job?
The kids used the Avery cards for the first time today, making some cards for a friend's birthday.  They came out looking so nice and polished.  We didn't even bother with the printer; they just drew right on them.  They will have even more fun when we've got more time to experiment, with glitter, buttons, stickers, cut outs, etc.  I'm looking forward to scanning in some of their favorite drawings and using them for cover art.  Or making a Father's Day card with a photo of the kids and their dad.  I think I'll make a birthday card for my dad from his dog, with a picture of his dog on the cover and googly eyes pasted on.
1245	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works very good with all my passcodes
9088	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	really good
2549	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great on the wall even unframed. Love the plastic coating to protect the map and reduce wrinkling. The aged look is very attractive, but easy to read.
1459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome every year.
6767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved it for school and work...highly recommend it. Just wish the pages were a little bigger, but fits perfectly in my small handbags.
8232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this Avery greeting card paper works great for me. I never had it jam up my printer maybe its because I separate all the pages first to see if any are stuck together. then re-stack how may I want to print put paper in printer and print away. my cards turn out very well I will buy this paper again.
7700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like the size of this calculator.  You can use it sitting on your desk like a ten key, but it's also small enough to throw in a tote bag.  The tax function key is very handy as well.
The Zondervan book cover is very well made.  It holds the scout handbook in either the front pocket or the inside pocket.  It looks very "scout-like" with the greenish color.  The compass is cheap but it actually works! Nice addition!
430	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good quality and size
2893	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have bought 3 of Knock Knock's paper pads and 2 of their journals and I am happy with the quality and the content of all of them.

9479	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love this wrist rest and mouse pad combo.  I need a wrist rest for my slight case of carpal tunnel, but the bead wrist rest and mouse pad I was using always seemed to want to go their separate ways.  This keeps everything together on my desk top,
2252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I know May own bunch of bookmarks, this is my favourite now.
4109	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The perfect size for my classroom!
When used with the provided Cross black ink cartridges (I bought some extras), it goes on fluid & slick, and dries quickly.
4169	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a Christmas Gift for a friend who Loves Maxine!!!
3128	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No problem with this product.

9044	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Gel mouse pad and I love it, when you are on your pc for a while  it really helps your wrist when it's against the table makes it a lot more comfortable.

118	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is very handsome and holds my Thompson Chain Reference bible, which is large, very nicely.  A super great deal.
6692	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	gave them as  gifts to my bible class
this is fine for casual card-making. despite using your printer's ink, it's still cheaper than buying greeting cards. it's a good option for a home hobbyist or for making last-minute cards if you don't feel like going to the store.
2308	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Goes perfect with the journal.  I don't like to dog ear pages of my journals and this marker is perfect.
Each journal in this pack of 3 is slim enough to ride in your pocket or any briefcase/pack/purse. The pages are just large enough and lay so flat that you don't feel like you're writing on something as annoyingly small as a post-it note. The ruled lines help keep your thoughts flowing straight across the page, but are printed lightly enough that it works passably well for brief sketches as well. The last 16 pages are perforated so you can easily tear out a sheet to leave a note, reminder, or phone number/address for someone else. The cardboard cover is slim and durable enough to protect the pages from tearing, yet flexible enough to mold to your butt or the bulges in your briefcase/pack/purse.
And in fact the RPN style of calculator probably appeals only to small a niche group of people these days, but for someone who 'grew up' with RPN it is comfortable to use and I still prefer it to the more common calculators with the '=' sign (aka 'algebraic data entry'; if you understand RPN then you know what I'm talking about). Even so, I think that HP finally acceded to the popularity of non-RPN calculators and began to release models that had both capabilities, such as their current&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-35s-Scientific-Calculator/dp/B000TDRHG8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP 35s Scientific Calculator</a>.
358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's hung in one of my daughters' rooms. It's reasonably up to date, clear, easy to read, and inexpensive. What's not to like? Well, laminated would be better to avoid sticky fingers, but that would raise the price as well.
6207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used by my son and daughter in law in their labs where they are doctors of science.
624	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Smaller than I expected, but great quality.
234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They look great around the bulletin board.
6785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cross liquid ink pen at a good price
7567	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased this twice. One for home and one for at work. The kitchen staff kept taking ours (then it disappeared). I don't get paid back for what I take to work but that's okay, I wanted a reliable calculator that works quickly when I'm counting the safe and my register. I have not been disappointed yet. Texas Instruments have always been known for the best calculators and they should be recognized as such.
Moleskine is always more expensive and I'm not justifying their prices, but I do think they are consistently good quality products that I enjoy using. Some notebooks just make you want to write in them. These do that for me.
347	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	first shipping wound up lost as it was in a much larger package which was nearly fully opened by the time It got here.  No fault of the map.  It is good color and paper.  For the price very acceptable and I am glad I have it.
9028	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These mousepads are great for preventing carpal tunnel syndrome.  I like them so much that I bought them for all my employees over the years.  Now that I'm retired I'm still using them at home.

4940	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the size and color of these little moleskins.  They are perfect for throwing in a purse, tote, or back pocket.  Recommended for everyone!
6851	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pen..brings back such wonderful memories!
8498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little calculator for the price and I like the choice of colors available. I had another one just like it and it lasted for 10 years.
3180	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	wonderful. Holds  a lot of boarders and easy to store
2998	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pad, along with several other Knock Knock Notepads for co-workers this Christmas. They are really neat and unique enough to make them smile.


I  absolutely recommend this calculator and visting their website.
8225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used these to make Christmas cards.  They worked really well.  But I forgot to give some of them out.  No one really explains to you that in life, just printing the cards isn't enough.  You actually have to give them to people.  Otherwise, it's like - hey, man - where's my card?
2861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for meal planning and planning out my workouts!
434	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Helpful.
2054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pack of items, perfect for an upper elementary classroom. They are well made, but I would laminate them for long term use. I am looking forward to putting them up in my new classroom!
4998	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Top quality paper and binding.  An art major's indulgence
My final thought is you won't go wrong. It's worth the price. I've only have it for what weeks so I can't attest to the longevity.. but if this thing disintegrates and pisses me off, I'll update the review.
I guess I wish it was 8 1/2 x 11 instead of A4, but beggers can't be choosers.

8406	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator, totally worth the buy.
3861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	didnt know if this would work in the restaurant, but its doing wonderful and i love it. its cheaper and still does the job
6037	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These fit perfectly in my Chic Sparrow pocket notebook.
938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality map with lots of details. Also nice packing in the tube.
5670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this notebook! There's even a pocket in the back I keep pictures in. I will definitely order one of these again once I'm done with this one. Looks great. Feels great.
9569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these gel mouse pads.  So comfortable to rest my wrist on this pad.  I will purchase more of them in the future.
8904	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice mouse pad, but the padding is a bit to thick for my small hand and wrist
8370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for college math and I am so grateful for it. This is the only calculator we are aloud to use and it does almost everything that it needs to do. If you are going into high school or college or know someone who is, you need to get this calculator. It will help with so much homework.
3080	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It's the size of my palm and my hand is small....Very disappointing! I can't give my mom this for Christmas. It's pitiful
6563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
4569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love!!
965	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This one went on the wall of our oldest kid. Had to put it up against his screaming "objections," as he wanted either my vintage "KISS" poster or the map of Europe (that one went to his brother). Now they (our two sons) are playing a game of who can memorize more capitals (US states vs. EU states), bodies of water, bordering states etc. These games get pretty vicious sometimes, but hey... at least they both know the capital of Kentucky and can find Monte Carlo!
4	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Having spent numerous years in an elementary school library, I can say with all honesty that the Corduroy books were great favorites for all the years I was there. A Pocket for Corduroy is a charming addition to anyone's collection. It is a very sweet story about the owner of Corduroy who leaves him in the laundry and has some difficulties retrieving him. Children can relate to that quite well. Getting him back is a good lesson in itself. Sewing the pocket on for him is delightful. It has a happy ending which is most enjoyable. Further note, when I read the Corduroy books to little people, I always tried to have an example of corduroy material with me - either on as pants, etc. Some of the children did not know what corduroy was. Five star book
4587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A little smaller than I expected but overall my 5 year old loves them. There are so many different stencils on each sheet.
5267	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great little book, and very helpful! I use Evernote for almost everything and occasionally just need to write some stuff down and save it for later. This is a well made little book and I love that the band keeps it neat and closed in my purse. The grid on it supposedly helps Evernote to read your handwriting better and digitize it.
9446	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I'm afraid I've gotten cancer just from opening this foul smelling thing.  DO NOT buy this it smells very strong of chemicals and made me sick to my stomach immediately.  I can still taste the smell in my mouth it is so bad!
8114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty much the reason I always preferred TI over HP is its simplicity.  The manual is excellently written, you can find numerous examples of each  and every funciton.
2199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a bookmark & it's classy. A little hard to use with my Ipad but when I use it in public with an actual book people are like "holy crap is that guy actually reading a book? he must be old"
6916	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The pen itself appears to be well constructed and of good quality. The opening and closing operation are very smooth, and I do not get the sense that the pen was cheaply made as is suggested in some of the other reviews. The weight, feel, and grip are all great, and it looks great. However, it fails serve its primary purpose: it does not write! I have had it only a few days, and at first it was great. After signing a few documents it began to skip, and now it is hardly writing at all. In a way, it almost feels wrong to give the pen a bad review based on its bad ink refill, but as it is the original (and included) ink tube, I can't justify a higher star rating.
Screw this mouse pad. It just arrived in the mail for me today, and I kid you not, I've already ordered a different one. As soon as it gets her, I'm throwing this piece of s*** out.
9102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the cool touch of this fabric. Good quality and good price.
1829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect- exactly what I was looking for!
5731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these to make custom journals and sketchbooks.  I wanted a blank, sturdy cover to handle not only gesso but acrylic paints, transfers, and mediums as well.  This notebook has exactly that, and this is one of the most durable non-hardback notebooks I've seen yet.  The back cover is actually a folder/flap to hold papers (which easily tear out of parts of the book).
7710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great, my kid is in 7th grade and needed it for math.
The buttons are nicely sized and sufficiently spaced, such that errors due to "fat-fingering" are minimized if not eliminated altogether.
509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I run a business out of my home and this makes it so easy to stay organized in the various stages of orders as they come in.

6978	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best pens and pencils I have ever used and now the only pens and pencils I use. I also gave a set of pen and pencil to my lover who returned to school after a 32 year absence. I love the make and feel of the barrel, the motion of the pen and pencil in my hand, the writing technique the pens and pencils are built upon, and the automation of the pens and pencils. Will continue enjoying this model for some time to come. Was doing an audit for work several years ago in another town and left the pencil there. Of course, I purchased a new Cross Classic Century 14 K Gold Filled pen and pencil set.

I tossed it after I got a replacement with pretty photos on it.
Which ever brace you choose, just make sure that you get one that keeps your wrist straight while providing enough support to prevent further compression of the problem never(s).
4941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this! It's just the right size for me to take around and practice my lettering!

2.  I like the fact a bigger percentage of space goes to goals and tasks not the 8am-11pm daily calendar
2353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great addresses book!!
9460	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it's pretty good.  a decent size, i could use it a tad bit bigger, but it's alright.
9150	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice and simple, but also the center caves in very fast. Good for the money though.
Well, this system does deliver the capacity, but I'm sorry to say that the voice quality is one of the worst I've ever heard on a digital answering machine.  It's the same problem that plagues all digital answerers: it sounds like you're hearing the message through water.  I have a puny, 4-year-old digital Radio Shack answerer at home that blows this item away in terms of voice quality.  (Unfortunately Radio Shack no longer makes answerers.)  In terms of the outgoing message, I tried recording it remotely by calling in (which results in a much better sounding announcement than doing it in the same room), but even that sounds crummy.

7760	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's the only calculator I'm allowed to use on Physics tests.  Works like a calculator should.
3950	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son looked forward to getting his stickers each day from doing his "school work". It's simple and quick to do each day so that they don't forget the basics.

  * Upgrade Type
3289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good size
Spacing of buttons is perfect. I have average sized hands, and I can't rave enough about how much I love this calculator.
6077	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been carrying a Moleskine almost daily for over a year and a half.  These set the standard for personal notebooks.
6965	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Made in China. Not the same quality as US made Cross pens. I would rather pay more, but companies are convinced they must sell for the lowest possible price. Would you pay 10 to 15% more for a relatively low priced item that was marketed as being made in the USA? I do wonder how much excessive regulation and taxation has to do with it.
1948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased most every book on Zentangle that I could find.  This one was another good one and I will keep getting them until I have them all.  What a wonderful way to "calm down".  So much less expensive than therapists.
5360	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Moleskine notebooks are my favorite journals.  I own several for different projects/subjects.
9215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great products for 'mousers' who spend a lot of time writing online. A wrist saver!
3491	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R2X197PBQ5T55A" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A15WL-yPkNS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71w7GHWcQrS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I have a few different "flameless" candles. This one has some great features and a couple of minor quirks.
905	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The colors are excellent and there are a good amount of cities listed.  I'm using it on a wall in my den to glance at if someone mentions where they live.  I'm only giving a star off because the lamination is so thin. However, maybe that's good because so far I just have it stuck up with scotch tape.
6075	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect small pocket notebooks for notes on the go. They're small, lined and flexible. Perfection!
890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to put up on our big "dream" wall in our home. This map is very detailed and the type is very small yet legible. I will be using flag stickers for our family to each mark where they have been and where they want to go.
In use, there is no smell or taste to affect the contents and no contaminants used in the manufacturing process. So it should be at least as safe as any other silicone food item. BTW...this bottle is made in China like most small gadgets and appliances these days. One of the nicest features is the carabiner clip that allows you to attach it to your belt or clip it to your golf bag, or whatever.?? The lid seems sturdy and fits nicely. The bottle overall is strong and does not leak.
I would tend to buy this as a small gift item. For something like that, this is definitely recommended.
5005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these, I am a dedicated moleskine user.  They are such a joy to write in.
2295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful book mark
Each days looks at themes and the culture encountered in the development of technical products at a large corporation. Although tongue-in-cheek, anyone ensconced in that environment will find familiar frustrations and humorous shaping of IT life. The only challenge is occasionally, after so many years, Scott Adams' Dilbert comic strip is repetitive and cliche. However, if all of Dilbert is new to you, expect to laugh often.
52	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great case for the Adventure Bible my son loves it
3867	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Finally figured that the entire banned area on top would also come off.  Did the job for what I needed it to do.
2635	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Handy.
Last tip: I wouldn't recommend this for resumes though. To me, this is more of a everyday home use. If you are trying to get a good job I would use the following:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Southworth-Exceptional-Resume-Paper-100-Cotton-32-lb-white-100-Count-RD18CF/dp/B0013CIQCI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Southworth Exceptional Resume Paper, 100% Cotton, 32 lb, white, 100 Count (RD18CF)</a>
2230	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a cool bookmark....
9288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought 2 of these for my husband to use at work, he uses a mouse in each hand with his job.  He said they worked great so far, I am hoping these help with his sore wrists, we shall see.

her birthday, and she was so thrilled.

1417	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pictures
1658	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very happy

Scott Hilburn sees the world through different eyes and for this I am thankful!  Every day I get a good laugh!  The drawings are awesome, the wit is off-the-wall, and one can certainly relate to each and every cartoon.  Some of them remind me of certain friends and family members, so I make sure to pass that specific day along to that special person.
As for the functionality, I'd say it is an excellent scientific calculator. Large number of digits and good ranges and conversions. Not bad for the price. Personally I use one that has electrical units such as inductance and capacitance, but hey, for normal scientific use (and you are not designing a space station or torsion field generation) it seems quite good. AOS, good key layout, and key relief. Rapidly entering calculations is a snap. I actually like this one better than mine though I cannot easily use it for my research I'd say it could in most cases due the job for someone into college.
8823	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	IT SURE IS COMFY!  I JUST LOVE RESTING MY HAND AGAINST THIS MOUSE PAD, BECAUSE IT'S SO DARN SOFT-THE CUSHION-Y GOODNESS OF IT JUST SURROUNDS MY FINGERTIPS IN LUXURY! THE COLOR IS SUBLIME, VERY PLEASING TO THE EYE.  I GIVE THIS MOUSE PAD A TEN OUT OF TEN!
3644	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice napkins!
1641	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These small magnetic bookmarks are perfect for inexpensive and useful gifts. Eight little magnetic clips never damage the page or fall out of the book. You'll be surprised how quickly you'll use all eight!

441	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	not thick enough. but works
5925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite notebook of all time. I use it for my bulletjournal which is a process I learned at bulletjournal.com.  Love it!
5804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i love love love moleskine notebooks and these live up to the standard i'm used to. i really like kraft paper, so i was glad to see that they were offering that as a notebook cover. i've bought these before and would definitely buy them again. i like that they come in packs of three, too.
5897	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lol solid black I thought the notebook had a yellow stripe...

1875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These folders are the cutest to keep track of what your kids are doing.  I have one for each of the grand kids.
I happen to have fallen in love with writing with fountain pens this past year and this poses the only downside to Moleskine in general. The paper does have a decent amount of show through making it either messy to use both sides of the paper or very hard to read at times. Since that is my only complaint I still think these notebooks are unparalleled in this category.
1069	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised.  Arrived on time.  It is what it is.
811	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
- Soft, smooth fabric on top, nicely sticky rubber underneath.

9430	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This mouse pad looks good, it is a nice blue color and a nice size for a small computer desk.  It provides support for my wrist, and I need it because without the support it is uncomfortable to use the mouse for more than a short period of time  (Review written by Bun's husband)


7872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received item as described, thank you!
4382	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	These are awesome tabs for your bible,  but my pack had several missing tabs.
6188	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected.

8531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It has done a great job for my statistics and algebra classes. I have passed the both of them thanks to this calculator. Thank you!
It's also hard to read it simply because the display is a crap.
  * Compatibility
These are the coloring medium that I use for testing. If there is something else you feel I should be testing, please let me know and I will see if I can add it to my growing pile:
2737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	recognize people for doing great work, and still have a laugh with them.
I've had some math weirdos make fun of my "ancient" "obsolete" calculator but it does + - * and allows me to delete one digit at a time unlike the cheapies.
My only wish was this to be solar-powered, but maybe in a future model. This a very nice simple calculator for everyday math operations. Recommended.
7321	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A Nice size detailed VERY MUCH NEEDED FOR THIS recipient.  She will like it. I have one already and she wants one.
Not worth a few dollars of problems and costly repairs. The two packs are better deals.
555	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I was looking for! Will be a great addition to my morning calendar for my kindergarten class! Product is well made, though numbers cards seem a little flimsy
1814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.
2327	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I was hoping I could finally stop looking for a small address book that had enough room to be able to write normally.  I thought I did but when I started to fill out there wasn't enough space to print.  I couldn't even read what I tried to print. It's a darling book but just now practical for me.  Can't return as I tried to write in it.
1. I often lose what I make up for on the calculator sections of tests  on the non-calculator section simply because I took less time to really review and understand the material.
8148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator and fantastic price.
9502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was the crutch I really needed in my finance class.  Made stocks and bonds so much easier! I don't think I could've passed without it!
3181	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great and colorful.  Comes with everything necessary for my class.  It took forever laminating and cutting.  It was well worth it!
6071	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I do very much like these as a daily note pad. I have attempted to use my smart phone but this works better for me.
With the art of writing thank you cards going to the wayside, being replaced to text messages and e-mails, make someone's day and send them this high quality thank you card.
5420	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will always love Moleskine planners, and this is my favorite one yet.  I'm not even particularly a fan of Minnie Mouse, but I love the black and white polka-dots, I love the red inside covers, this book just makes me happy.  As far as planners go, this one is more of a journal or diary than a planner - it has a full page for each day, with no divisions within the page (i.e., no times for appointments listed down the side of the page).  The page is lined but otherwise blank, aside from the date at the top.  I love the pocket inside the back cover, where, incidentally, I discovered some Minnie Mouse stickers... and I love the red bookmark ribbon.  Did I already say that I love this book?
7136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good quality paper, very bright,firm paper at a decent cost...best to pay a litte extra for good paper than to buy cheap garbage and regret it later.
9323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use calculator; much better than the HP ones. Used for my finance classes and worked like a charm!
5201	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fits pocket easily. Only wish it held open better.
2255	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is obsessed with wolves, so when I saw this bookmark I knew she'd love it.  She's an avid reader, so bookmarks are a must for her.  And one that is this special is fantastic.
3376	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable.
5317	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have used Moleskines for years. I love the feel of paper and take note extensively.  I used an iPad for a while but went back to my moleskine  I will order more. But...the binding on this notebook is coming apart and I am about half way through. There might be 50 Moleskins in the storage box but this my first defect. I hope they have not compromised their manufacturing.
6697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product that is available through Amazon Online.  The Bible I own is printed on very thin paper which makes it very hard to turn to the page I want sometimes.  The tabs gets met there much sooner and with far less frustration.  I would recommend this for anyone who has the same difficulty.  I will definitely check with this provider the next time I am in need of this type of product.
3467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the coffee it makes--I do use a paper filter with it.
8936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great mouse pad!
9790	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The staple gun works perfectly on the small craft and home repair jobs that I do around the house.  I had no trouble with jamming and the staple gun has enough power to penetrate deeply into wood, leaving the staple flush with the surface.
2048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	so funny!
9927	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These labels work in the new Dymo Label Maker just fine.  They are a good size for a number of different projects and not just for mailing.
2161	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice as a gift for a friend.
121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Of five Bible covers I bought, this is my second favorite.

The price is ok, as it is very nice quality, and is a perfect gift.  But for function of specific use, it's a bit misguided and irrelevant.  If they take the idea of "music" and then create journals on the many avenues of it, then they have something of great appeal other than just a gift, but a product that would be bought for ample supply at hand.
5290	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for taking notes and keeping track of stuff during a busy day
9031	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
2700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these sticky notes!
7631	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described!
3668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great fresh scent....happened across this in a local drug store...liked it but never saw it locally again. Glad I could order it.
7555	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just bought the 12C app for iPhone/iPad and one of these. I use them all, all day, every day. I'm an RPN addict and this calculator is just too cool for words. It's my little workhorse. Does it have a backspace key? No, it does not. Does it need one? It's an RPN calculator--are you joking? Is it programmable and does it do just about any financial calculation you can think of with ease? You better betcha buddy.
9796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrow T50 Heavy Duty Staple Gun is an excellent product. It is made out of metal and seems durable. The handle is comfortable in my hand and it is very easy to use. It does not fatigue my hand even with  several hours of use. The staples come out smooth and are very secure. I used it while upholstering a wicker chair. It worked fine and was not cumbersome. I would recommend you try it.

7009	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have used Cross Pens and Pencils for years.  I bought this set for a graduation gift.  The pencil does not operate like the old ones which is the only knock I have on this set, however, it is high quality and I would buy it again.

Recently, though, other companies such as Quo Vadis and Rhodia have come up with their own moleskine-style notebooks featuring high-quality paper.  They cost a bit more, but I figure this type of notebook is a premium product to begin with.  In the future I'll give Moleskine a miss and spend a little more for a better notebook.  (Being able to write with confidence on both sides of the page means I could actually come out ahead on cost too.)
3945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this because I have a major problem in my classroom.  It seems that students would rather play with their phones than listen to me, their teacher.  Who would have thought such a travesty could occur?  In all seriousness I purchased this because the teacher next door to me had a similar one that she had her students put their phones in as they walked in the door.  She said it has been a real sanity-saver for her.  I have been at my wit's end lately with trying to teach lessons and keep an eye on students at the same time.
condition.  It worked perfectly for the art project I am working on .  I am thrilled with
8623	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	just as it says
As a proven product, the HP12C "gold" works from day 1, with its form factor and sofware remaining unchanged and has not been dethroned by rivals and even its HP successors which had come and go.


I own Derwent Inktense Watercolor  pencils- awesome pencils that go on like a colored pencil but you then wet lightly for a really intense effect!
I have been using Moleskine notebooks for years and swear by them. The paper is good, acid-free, and will last a long time.
The LR44 are the most easily found in my experience. Here at Amazon I found a 10-pack of Maxell LR44s for $3.45 with free shipping. But, from what other reviewers have said, it sounds like the battery life is almost unlimited in ordinary usage.
3776	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Tried this our and I will say I really love it. Fun color but also fun features. Button for heating buns, stay warm feature.  3 main buttons light up when is use., It has a nice footprint. I toasted bread ( once thru) muffins (twice thru) and bagel (once thru) and all evenly toasted.
5264	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There's something about scribbling in a Moleskine or other similar pocket notebooks that keeps me returning to it for notetaking.  Fits in my back pocket and also slides in nicely in my briefcase.
6776	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I absolutely love this product. It's small and pretty adorable. It's great for collectors. The only thing is that mine didn't come with a certificate, so that kind of sucks, but you can't beat the price. It's in perfect condition, came in a nice display box with a label, and it looks very nice. Overall, I am very pleased with my purchase.
1614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Initally purchased the Panasonic from Amazon.  I received it damaged, so I had to send it back.  They didn't have any left in stock, so I decided to purchase a 50" plasma from a local dealer.  None of the locals had the Panasonic that I wanted, so I went with the Samsung HP-R5072.  I had the Samsung for 20 days before I returned it and purchased the Panasonic TH50PX500.
1391	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As gift for my brother.  He is a true fan.  The pictures are very colorful.  From scenes on the show.  He will enjoy this.  I always try to order the Walking Dead items from Amazon.  Pricing is comparable and I pay no shipping.
6833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the flagship of the Cross fleet.  The design has been the same for decades--my MIL bought me one when I was in college in the 60s.  One wore out, and Cross happily sent me a new one.  Then that one was stolen from my pocket one day, so I was on the hook to buy the replacement, which I did.
1462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nicely made
7482	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is, by far, one of the strongest and fastest dinancial calculators
Jim
1666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
THANKS, AMAZON.COM, and the efficient vendors I ordered from.
9330	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Only use it for one semester but I got an A for my Finance .. so.. great calculator ?! Lol it does its job and its cheaper to get it here than other places !
1480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchase a new datebook every year, usually a different style - it's the only way for me to stay on track and corral the bits of paper and receipts that come my way. Every year, the book is fine. Not lovely, not notable, just does the job and is fine.
put down the GPS and read a map, trust me you will like it.
Pros
823	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite Beatles album was and is Revolver. To me Rubber Soul was at the time just the next Beatles album. Revolver raised the bar and I could barely wait to see what was next, especially after Strawberry Fields/Penny Lane single. I bought it & prepared myself for the musical experience of my life. I found the album to be very disappointing. I tried listening g again & again under different stimulus and while liked it enough for me it wasn't the revelation Revolver was & while I love all the Beatles music this is about middle on my list of their albums. That said every Beatles album is mandatory listening &  the new analogue mono vinyl pressings along with the Mobile Fidelity versions are the absolute best out there. But you can get the entire mono catalogue for about the price of a sealed mfsl With The Beatles so this is definatly the way to go. Perfect sound & dead quiet between the tracks.
Please, stay away from the ball points.  You can buy cheap stick pens that perform better.
3971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This planner is a must buy annually.  It's small enough to throw in my purse which helps me stay organized. Definitely worth the price!

The digital read out is bright and visible.

7242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described
4828	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really nice construction in terms of the material of the paper and notebook itself. The notebook is small enough to easily fit in ones pocket (for mens jeans). Lines and very helpful with straight note-taking and the paper quality is nice (i.e. not to heavy and doesn't tear) and holds up well with several inks I have used (i.e. doesn't seem to bleed through). The bookmark is helpful in knowing where one is currently at, rather than have to bend a corner of the page. I will continue to use this until I finish, and then intend on purchasing additional ones as they make for great note-taking that is portable and non-electronic.
7990	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	bought for upcoming school year - should work fine
2119	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute, just a little smaller than I had expected but very well made
9018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for about 10 years and only bought this to update to a lighter color.
6212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my watercolor pencil sketches. While I have not taken it outside with me yet, it is small enough to fit in the pockets of a photographer's vest that I wear while on our nearby walking trails. I have not tried painting on both sides of the pages, so can't say from my own experience whether that would work or not. I am a beginner at drawing and painting, and am loving the small size of this pocket album, as it is not intimidating. I can just sketch one thing at a time carefully with a number 2 pencil or an HB, then go over it with watercolor pencils--and then "paint" with water. I really like the good quality of this album. I think Moleskine is worth the money, and not just a vanity brand.
1705	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Stephen's art is great classic humor that makes you laugh so hard you spit out water or sigh so hard at the "dad" jokes, which you gotta love Rat for.
2344	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product

1650	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like magnetic bookmarks because they don't slip out and they are nice and small so storage is easy. These are fun to look at as well.
8182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The coating on the cardstock really makes the colors look great & not faded like a lot of other cardstock... very similar to the Hallmark cardstock. =)
8191	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I was very excited to purchase these to offer my clients greeting cards. But when I received these, I opened the paper and it is not card stock. I decided to go through the design process anyway and print out my first Avery card. Fingers crossed, I waited to see the results....
7844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is probably the most useful calculator I've owned.  It gives me a big advantage over the other students in my class when we are restricted to "non-graphing" calculators on tests.  This has a bunch of nifty tools on it that any high school student could benefit from.

1689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this daily calendar, featuring easy to read daily comics.  At times, it seems that Dilbert works for my company based on all to familiar similarities, and coincidental timeliness of events.  Overall, great gift idea for the office worker.
8305	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Has all the functions needed for school!
3984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this schedule book. I can finally keep track of EVERYTHING in one place. I can put coupons in the front pocket, and the tear out shopping / to do list is so helpful. There is a line for each family member.
3108	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for any therapist (or want to be)
6763	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've always liked this system.  It's similar to the Franklin Quest / Covey system from years ago, but a bit lighter weight leaner in it's layout.  I like that it has a little pen holder and that you can basically just keep everything all together.  It's a terrific partner to a digital calendar, because you can actually see things and create a plan and block time.  It's not super fancy, but gets the job done.
2746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Knock Knock products! Great way to add some fun to work. Arrived on time and in new condition.
8864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It offers better support for my wrist, which is really nice.
2697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Cute
8091	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good buy!
7661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little calculator at a great price.
8526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say about a calculator? It works well, the buttons have a nice feel.
Linen like texture...good space and easy to record all
1915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great, old fashioned address book.  Its  large size means you are less likely to misplace it.  There is plenty of room for many entries.
3050	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Got this a few days ago and took it with me to show my co-workers. They thought it was hilarious and we've had a good time "making the list". The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the spaces are super small and it's hard to fit all your grievances in ;)
5653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Shhhh - bought this for my son for Father's Day...
3409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace my old pocket chart calendar that I had for 10 years (the plastic turned a dark color).
5123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine products, I am a complete office supply junkie and their products are simply the best. Although they are pricey they are amazing and last! I bought this notebook because I love their hardback notebooks however they only come in the small or big sizes like this, so I went to on a journey and came across this one. It's great, completely sturdy, hard cover just like I like college rule and fabulous. I love the look and I feel completely professional when I walk around with Moleskine products, I am a huge fan!

To view the tax rate that is programmed into calculator, press
8871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have rheumatoid Arthritis, and my hands aren't the best at times, this alleviates the pains associated with the wrist at an awkward angle while using a mouse over prolonged periods of time, I've used this specific one for 15 years, I'll always buy new ones.

Few notes to others: It includes only Song of Solomon, not Song of Songs.
8993	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a comfortable wrist rest.  It replaced a Fellowes pad/wrist rest that had finally worn out.
8802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it so far
A couple of things to be aware of: at 8" x 11.75" this is smaller than the standard 9"x13" Pyrex dishes that are often used for the recipes that this pan is better suited for.  Perhaps it is because Europeans generally serve smaller portion than we do in the US.  Another thing to mention is that cast iron tends to be the heaviest cookware available.  This roaster can top 13 - 15 lbs. or more when filled with dense food such as potatoes au gratin or a good sized cut of meat.
3267	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for homeschool!
- Price is a bit steep, given how few pages you get compared with other lesser notebooks.
4175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these Frozen Calendars for two young nieces as a Christmas gift.  They loved them!
I use it with my Livescribe pen and notebooks. I wish only that it had a ring for holding keys on the inside, and perhaps a place to attach a shoulder strap on the outside.
Instanatural provided this oil for my review and feedback.
9019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really comfortable gel mouse pad.  The mouse moves over it very smoothly and I really like the wrist rest.  Very comfortable.
Because you can see several lines of calculation, it is easier to figure out where you went wrong.

The new Cross pen feels a bit lighter than my old one, and the overall feel just isn't as solid.  It's hard to give a written description of a product "feel", but those who have had older versions of the Cross pen may understand.  The "feel" of the new pen is more like a high quality plastic than metal - probably, I think, due to the weight of the instrument.  Had I the older Cross pen I could give a weight in grams for both units, but unfortunately I have no idea where I may have left the older unit.
5905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Happy with purchase. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always professional and classy look and feel.  Moleskine is the best.
5329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notebooks. I am a medical student and they fit perfectly in my white coat pockets. The binding allows you to lay the book flat or even fold it backwards on any page, without the bulk of a spiral binding. I also love how thin they are, so they are very light and not bulky. Perfect for note taking, etc., on the go.
This teacher (and mom) give them an A+.
3443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super Fantastic
9678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Of the business/finance calculators out there today, I feel the BA II Plus is the has the best value.  It has it all:  TMV (Time-Value-of-Money), Random Numbers, Percent Changes, Depreciation INCLUDING declining balance with crossover to straight line (very useful for taxes), profit analysis, and bonds (just to name a few features of this wonder).  I first bought this calculator in 1990 and enjoyed its use ever since.  I just purchased the "new" BA II Plus, with sturdier keys.

514	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this item for my students and it is really very helpful. I put the students folders that they need to take home daily and their work, so it works as mail between us teachers and parents. The only thing is the after 3 days one pocket tore off for no apparent reason. But I still like it a lot and I think it helped us see who is missing what.
152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This Peppa book is great, just like an episode of the show. My 4yo LOVES this pig and enjoyed every page. Great colorful pictures.
7770	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was in need of a scientific calculator for a college class and this one is perfect.  Easy to use and is very light.
3555	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were really cute!! I bought them for a hot rod / muscle car themed party, and they were a hit.
155	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this and the learing to swim book last year.  I probably needed to raise a star on my other review, but apparently my niece would be angry and defiant after watching Pepe, they cut her off of it, and she's her cute sweet self again ( most of the time). Books are ok, I guess I don't know about the tv show though. My niece is going into princess stuff now anyway,
7887	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this calculated to use for the FE Exam.
2197	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great bookmark, it gets the job done.
5687	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great note book. Cool Evernote premium is cool as well as the integration and the stickers help with putting things where they go.  I just don't get why they're so expensive.
-----Full-week with goals, to-dos on nicely organized page that sat flat with the metal spine
6843	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have bought 3 fountain pens in the last year.  They are all in the garbage can because I have to waste 3 sheets of paper scribbling in order to get them to work.
1977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Such a good idea for teachers or soon to be teachers to prepare them for the organization being a teacher takes. Helpful


2362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought several of these two years ago. The bookmark is indeed coated and waterproof. It doesn't tear and can't be easily bent or creased. The ones I bought have lasted well, so I know they're durable. The designs in this series are typically very colorful and attractive. The tassel is a nice finishing touch.

2494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this map!!! I like it so much that I wish I got a bigger one hahaha
2542	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product, and very happy with purchase. Item is perfect and as expected. thank you

3574	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it.  Thanks
1610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these tart pans to make smaller tarts. I usually make 9-1/2 inch tarts with a pan that is 9-1/2 inch diameter. These tart pans are nonstick so you can easily lift off tart from pan without breaking tart. They have removable bottom so you can push the bottom up and easily remove the tart. Having a smaller size enables me to make smaller tarts for sale rather than selling one big one.
I transferred some of my favorite recipes to the pages, although others went right into the pockets because they were handwritten by now-deceased relatives and I didn't want to throw away my mementos.
7349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Globe was packaged very good .I could not of asked for a better product for the price of the Globe .I Love the way it has rises on some of the places .The stand is very pretty .The globe is larger then i expected. The only thing i think that would of helped with this globe is having a little more weight to it .But i would advise and one who is looking for one to get this like i said its great
7415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought a few for my students and I like that they were solar. Never new to worry about batteries.
1217	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is an enjoyable entry into the world of adult coloring . There is a useful full color tutorial  with basic information about color and pencil techniques and a full color double page  example . May of the drawings have tiny little patterns  that can get you into a kind of trance state . Some designs are busy others have room for  improvisation . Most designs  are of animals and plants  with an intense level of fanciful decorative detail  giving great potential for almost psychedelic results. On the other hand some of the designs are simpler  and rather than staying within the lines  we chose to allow the lines to define the form but not to force a multiplicity of shading and color.  O.K .  what that means is  we colored the whole deer brown  instead of going for the festive  fantasy look.  this was fun for us  ( several family members tried the book out. Tihw mage on the cover is fairly typical of the art style  so if  this style attracts you, you will probably enjoy coloring  this book.

9754	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I needed a new phone in our bedroom and figured "why not just get a fax machine combo?" since there's usually a time here or there when I need to send a fax, but don't want to run over to a service company and pay $2+ to do it.  There are a lot of extra features that I'm sure I will never use, but it came in handy and was easy to operate when I had to fax 13 pages of documents to a school.  I didn't receive a "receipt" fax from their end, but their call the next day let me know they got everything.  Saved me the cost of a priority mail envelope to them with certified receipt!  Best for lightweight faxing duties, again, perfect for a small home office.
6463	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect, has great space for projects, goals, a note section for each week, and its by day with time slots. It also has an address book in the back, calendars in the front and back, and a large section for notes in the back as well.
1159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were great. I did not have to cut them or do anything. I just stuck the on.....I did buy some eyelash glue just in case but did not need them. I put mine back in the box and will use again....
636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality notebook, very pleased.
1864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful folders and 5 star quality
7793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price compared to other stores. Really helpful during homework time. Easy to use and comes with good directions. Would highly recommend and I recommend you buy it here and safe money. I saved about $20.
6416	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a minister, I study my Bible a lot.  I have a Thomson Chain Reference Bible which has pretty thin paper, so as to get so much info into a Bible you can carry.  I use highlighters very often, and this set is the only one I have found that will not "bleed" through.  The darker colors can be seen vaguely from the other side but do not "bleed".  Therefore, I simply make a vertical line on the left edge of a passage to organize, then highlight with the yellow to emphasize.  It works perfectly for me, and I would not only recommend it, but would make it almost mandatory for one who studies the Bible extensively.
4949	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A good, all around notebook/sketchbook.  I've always preferred unruled pages for the greater sense of freedom.  There will be some bleed through, depending on what kind of pens you use.  I've found regular, old school ball point and the Pilot G-2 series of gel ink pens excellent choices for these pages.  I use the G-2 0.38 and 0.5 points for drawing, and the .7 point for general writing.  The book is well constructed and sturdy.  I've owned 10 of them so far, and there have been no quality control issues.  Not a good book if you're planning to splash on watercolors or scribble away with Sharpie markers, as there will be some buckling and bleed through, but the paper responds very well to B and 2B grade leads.  For dense ink work, two pages can be quickly pasted together using a Scotch 3M permanent glue stick or similar to create a nice thick "plate" that won't bleed thru with india inks or Copic markers.  The price is great here on Amazon, and the versatility of these books is boundless.
I bought 10. I hope to NEVER run out.
5348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use Moleskine notebooks for all my note taking  and journals. I love them.
5997	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The size and cover quality of this notebook were good for my purposes (research idea notebook). The problem I have with this notebook is that the paper bleeds through when I write with a fountain pen. It has 192 pages (counting front and back), but because the bleed-through is so bad, I can only use one side of the page, giving me only 96 usable pages.  I've tried a dozen or so types of ink. All bleed through (to varying degrees). The only ink I have that does not bleed through on this paper is Noodler's Black.
4725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	it's a moleskin,m what else needs to be said.
When it arrived, I was thrilled with the bright colors in the artwork.  Sometimes the colors depicted on the screen don't translate that well and I'm disappointed in what arrives.  That is not the case with this item.
The bright chrome with the gold appointments is beautiful.
7181	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a new genuine new HP cartridge!  Not gray market.  I'll try to upload a couple photos but my box look just like the picture on this listing.  Ordered mine through Amazon (February 2011) and was fulfilled by Adorama.  I can't speak for other vendors but maybe it's a good idea to make sure your order is from one you trust.
  This is it.
9995	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the clear labels, and they would not work with the DYMO LabelWriter.  Put in white labels and it worked fine.
5292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for bullet planner for work

CONS:
808	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Stupid me... sold the original vinyl a few year ago.  Needed this one to forget.  No problem.  Exactly what I needed, and delivered in an incredibly short time.

Things I do not like about this:
9472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item exactly as described and arrived quickly.
5872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I only buy Moleskines with the watercolor paper. Makes a great multi media sketchbook and has been perfect for my composing and drafting classes in UC Davis' Landscape Architecture program. The notebook is the perfect carry around size, the paper has a great weight and feel, and it is wonderfully bound.


6052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a writer and when I need a new notebook, I know I can never go wrong with ANY of the Moleskine notebooks. High quality, excellent bindings, easy to open when writing (some journals have harsher bindings and split or never quite open fully), beautiful paper for writings or sketching and... what can I say? I am a convert and addicted.
3314	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A couple of years ago I had the opportunity to go to an art display of Akiana's work.  This picture was displayed in a small room all by itself and I swear His eyes followed you as you moved.  I've never forgotten it.  These cards, though very small in comparison to the original, capture those amazing eyes.  I'm going to put them in shadow boxes and give them as gifts this Christmas.

3952	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful
4362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this to give as a gift along with a new bible.
8660	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised, but hurts my wrist, after using for a long period of time.
7552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a simple calculator for those times that a scientific calculator was too much.
To be brutally honest, I hate the cutesy family artwork and have even contacted More Time Moms asking for it in other designs.  Even a plain black-and-white edition or simple seasonal color schemes would be perfect!
7392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a research scientist. I started using a slide rule in high school about 1947, a computer in 1958, and scientific calculators some time in the early 1970s. Despite the power of computers I still like to have ready access to a good calculator, and my favorite brand (for versatility and ease of use) is Texas Instruments. The TI36X especially impresses me. It is a very powerful, very user-friendly scientific calculator for less than [price]. It performs virtually all scientific functions plus basic statistics and linear regressions and is light-powered in virtually any light. In my view, this is an incredible bargain. In fact, although I already have Texas Instruments calculators in my bedroom, den, living room, and at work, I couldn't resist the TI36X and bought one. It's a terrific calculator! If you don't need graphing capability, I highly recommend this powerful bargain calculator.
655	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Make sure you use the right batteries ( Energizer). The duracells are just a tad bit short.
815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great!


5321	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I became interested in the Moleskines from reading (all of) Bruce Chatwin's books.  I use the small Cahiers (pocket notes, ever-ready for jotting and aide de memoire for everything); the large, plain notebooks - the perfect journal, cannot be beaten; and the extra-large, square-ruled Cahiers for working on guitar designs, design ideas, construction ideas, floor plans, mechanism sketches, etc., etc.:  they are my design journals.
4063	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed. It isn't a blue as the photo shows. But,that's o.k. It fits the odd shaped toaster we have.
2234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So cute
2974	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This kit is too adorable. Love it!
It's a good series, presenting a lot of information and competing interests in early California in an interesting and clear way, full of excellent illustrations. I think teachers would find these easy to adapt to their own lessons and emphasis.
It's a bit beat up on the edges but for a soft cover you should expect some wear.
5353	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am quite happy with that pen because it perfectly fits with my moleskine.
3841	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am mostly very happy with this recipe keeper....it is replacing the one I had since 1981!....they thought of just about everything. But if you have enough recipes and need to put some that are less used or need to try yet into the pocket in the back, the book will not close all the way so that the magnetic strips catch each other. They just need to make the thinner one on the bottom wider and it would. But it is not a big problem. It flips easily and it was very easy to work with, well constructed. Personally, I think twenty dollars would be a better price as it is afterall just a cardboard cover but it does have all the things you need.
3889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am thrilled that someone came up with this idea ! These colorful stickers are so easy to apply to walls! They are non-permanent and they can be moved around and reapplied if you change your mind.  Great way to decorate a room without the hassle and commitment of paint or permanent borders. Genius!
9719	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know why i didn't notice that it opens from that end. Its kinda awkward when you are using it and then go to open it to get more forms. the forms fly all over the place
5125	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I kind of despise the pretentious cult that has formed around these notebooks, but I have to admit they have the high-quality paper that I'm looking for. I've used close to a dozen Moleskine notebooks in the past decade, and they've always been a good quality purchase.
6357	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this cart!  I purchased it to use as a homework station for my son...we keep it stocked with school supplies in the kitchen.  The wheels make it easy to move around, depending on where we do homework and what we might need.  It was easy to put together, and the color is nice.  The only reason for 4 stars is the price...It is an Ikea product and is available from Ikea directly for less than half of this.  If you have an Ikea near you or can wait 2+ weeks for delivery, I would suggest braving the store.  It will cost you in shopping, but it will save you a lot of money.  Whoever is selling this is making a lot of money off of those of us that can't easily get to Ikea...kudos to them for making it work, but it's kind of slimy and I am embarrassed for buying into the scheme.  That said, the cart will be used in my house for a long time and I plan to buy more!  But I'll get them from Ikea directly from now on.
1018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this, it's small, but there is still enough space for the information I need and also has a little section for keeping track of birthdays by month. Plus it looks adorable.



6038	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for a vow book! Very happy!
7968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use this as a college student studying engineering. Has all the functions I need from the graphing calculator, but without the bulk. Favorite aspect is the "pretty print" of fractions. Also the multiple lines shown on the screen

4114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy way to display daily standards.
6175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my first-time purchase of Moleskine notebook series and it is the just right size for my purse. I'm carrying this Moleskine notebook every day, everywhere I go. I am using this notebook to write down quick ideas and thoughts on the way. I love the plain paper because I feel that I can freely adjust sizes of my writing and may even draw some things. It has enough pages to collect ideas, soft covers, and detailed back pocket. It's good for everyday use for memos and ideas. I highly recommend it.
5068	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskine products are always really nice and I didn't read the description on this one close enough.  I was looking for a plain sheet, but when I got it, realized this one was graph lined.  That's fine for me, I love graph paper too.  Quality sheets that take ink or pencil nicely and don't bleed thru.
No it isn't going to drive staples into rock maple or cast iron, but that's life. I have not had a single jam or misfire yet with this new gun. I wonder if all these folks reporting jams are using the correct T50 staples? I can only guess maybe Arrow went through some period of poor quality control, made some bad products for a few years, and has now corrected that and is trying to repair the damage to their reputation by providing these staplers to us Vine reviewers for inspection. It seems unusual for Vine to offer such an old and already-much-reviewed product; we mostly get new products right at the time of introduction.
Thank you

> The pocket in the back for receipts or other small slips of paper.
It's durable, battery life isn't an issue, display is easy to read.  Recommended.
9226	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it
7312	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am very picky regarding papers, I love good paper, some people were ok with thin paper or slightly wrinkled paper which you might not notice, but a lot of thin paper wrinkled slightly. This paper is bright and white, heavy but not too heavy, the only flaw is it cannot print photos like a photo paper, it absorbs ink like other regular paper, but wonderful for office use, printing text docunments.
2564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this map to track the breweries myself and my gf have gone to. I picked up a cheap frame and its going to work perfectly.
8274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just received my ump-teenth reorder of this printable card stock. Right my printer is busy printing out the second run of the evening, and if I do have to say so myself, this year's Christmas cards look fantastic! I LOVE this matte coated stock; it's always my first choice. I've tried the "other" popular brand; but, it just doesn't compare in quality. Avery's card stock is a good and sturdy weight, and the matte coating -- combined with my OEM ink cartridges -- allows me to print out true-to-color photos and graphics that look so real you want to touch them. Another year and another series of great looking printed cards that make me proud. Thanks Avery and Amazon.com -- and, of course, my terrific Canon printer.
The cons:

3988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this for microwaving oatmeal or soups as well.  The lid securely clips onto the bowl portion and has a vent that you can open or close with a push.  Great for microwaving or storing food.

Ample time should be given to learning what the TI-83 Plus can bring to the table.  All of the nine digits are there of course, but the face of the calculator contains a whole lot more in the form of multi-colored special function buttons; and there are a lot of them!  However, the TI-83 Plus ships with very detailed, instruction manual, so I plan to carry it with me at all times.
  * Media sizes
my office comments on its beauty.  Love this border.  Latin Vibe.
The planner is a hard cover book (which is good for durability) and has pages filled with questionaires and different sections to help better completing your tasks for the day or week.
833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had this on vinyl when I was a teenager and had made a cassette recording in the early 80s.  Regretfully, I traded the album in to a record store (a bunch of them, actually) for a few new tapes.
7434	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Light and easily used... good for the money
1160	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Gifted to grandchild.
* Hammer

9562	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used for "that" exam compliance.

6747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
This daily calendar contains a couple paragraphs for each day that take about a minute to read as well as some Scripture verses at the bottom so you can read them in your Bible. Unless otherwise indicated, the verses are taken from the New International Version of the Holy Bible. This flip calendar measures about 5 1/4 inches by 4 1/4 inches by 1 1/4 inches. January 1st through June 30th are on one side of the pages (including February 29th) and July 1st through December 31st are on the backs of those pages. They are spiral-bound at the top and this calendar has an easel so it can stand on its own. The pages are made with paper much like a paperback book.
2878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect set of sticky notes to have at home :) I use them almost every day
There is a pocket in the back of the diary for holding small items, such as daily receipts for fuel, meals, etc.
8242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this cardstock to make Christmas tags for my son's preschool goodie bags and I had no problems printing them on an inkjet printer.  I also used these cards and Avery's DesignPro software to print Christmas cards and they looked like something I could have bought at the store.  I was really impressed with the papers and would definitely use them again as well as recommend them to others.
5376	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love love moleskin products, perfect paper. <3
9270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks purple in the picture but it is definitely blue.  I have gone without a mouse pad for so long that you don't realize how much you move the mouse around and you don't need to.  Very comfortable!


3923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	On my daughter's wall. she loves tem.
9483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased another mouse pad that was about 50% more expensive but it had a shiney surface and the mouse kept sliding off if I used it sitting on the couch.  Yup, I sometimes work sitting on the couch :) This one is a mat finish fabric and the mouse stays right where I put it, even if its on a slight angle. No more 'mouse on the floor' syndrome. Also both my Logitech and my Microsoft meeses, mouses, mices, mice, whatever you call more than one mouse, track really well on that mat surface.
all Organic Camano Island Coffee types.
I got my copy off of EBAY, but it is worth the full price.

3848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected.
8852	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Necessary for wrist support.  This gel mouse pad is the perfect addition to my office.
However, I will say that if you are debating buying a new one for the reliability or purchasing a used one for the savings, go for the used one! I don't like buying electronics used on ebay or craig's list because so often they are not in the condition described, are broken, or badly damaged. So I was hesitant to buy a used one on here but had little choice. I'm on a budget and my previous one was suddenly stolen, mid semester, so I needed a TI-83 NOW and for cheap. So I got the used one and I don't regret it at all! Aside from the few dings and scratches on the case, it works beautifully and comes with all the cords and accessories one would normally receive with a new one! I bought a pink silicone cover for it so it didn't look so beat up, and it works perfectly like a new one! I should also say that despite the case having its nicks and scratches, the screen is perfect and the buttons are perfect. Really, those are all that matter.

2875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are so clever and cute! I have quite a few of the different kinds. Definitely a funny way to lighten the mood and bring some laughs. My husband finds these hilarious!
9602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are preparing for the CFA examinations, you have to buy one. (Such dictatorship..)
  * Language simulation
3664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's really nice to have a set of storage containers where the lids are all interchangeable, and go on and off the containers easily and sturdily. This is my second set of this type, and I've ditched all my other mismatched and lidless containers finally!
4742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
8082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as I expected.  Very pleased
6280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think these reporter style notebooks are kind of hard to use.  I don't really want to write on both sides of one sheet because it's kind of awkward (but doable).  The quality is good and is as good as other books.  I think I just prefer the regular notebook style instead.


8319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son loved this. Great product!
9450	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This was very cheap... and it works well.. I don't spend a lot of time with my hand on the mouse.. but I do spend some.. and I found my wrist was getting tired and sore.. so I purchased this and the pain went away.. so I would highly recommend it

4211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased as a gift from my niece. She told me she loves it and is using it daily. Love the Scriptures on each page bringing hope and strength to my niece who is currently going through a difficult time health wise. I am sure I will be purchasing more for gifts and for myself as well.
2141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute bookmark.
7675	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good for my personal use -- balancing checkbook, etc. Works well and holds up. After using my first one for several years, I ordered another one for my husband.
2380	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	After reading all the reviews mostly praising this roller ball refill I purchased the pen and a package of refills.  The pen okay, nothing special but the ink was horrible.  There was no flow at all...skips constantly....I tried all of the refills just make sure I did have a lemon but they were all the same.  I very recently bought several journals from this company and found them to be the best ever so I felt confident....


The problems:
5710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, well made, and perfect for carrying in your bag or keeping on a bedside table to jot down ideas.  I embossed the cover on one and it turned well.
Don't sure if it's worth it? try it! that's the best way to know.
9679	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Gel Pad is just the right height for a comfortable wrist angle.
308	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It wasn't quite as big as I would have liked bit it was a great gift for the person I gave it to
3666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought as gift.
Knowing how the original tape master sounds the CD is a far cry away
Nicely made from tough resin, painted to a good standard and packed in a re-useable bubble pack for storage and transport to the field of honor.
8228	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	was as expected
4045	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these planners, I get them every year. There is plenty of room for all my notes and each family member has their own spot making it easy to keep up with each persons appointments and schedule. It comes with conventional stickers for everything from doctors appointments to vacations to call, even comes with to do list and shopping list which get better every year. Theres a place to hold cards, notes, keep address and phone numbers, monthly and weekly calendars and much more.

694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good looking, and perfect for inscribing in books.  I got these to cover a stamp that was in a book and they worked well.  Good range of sizes.
1353	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The Tutti Frutti Gel Pens that I received are sub-par.  They are not scented, the ink flow is horrid -- either skipping or flooding & they only work when held straight up/down.
3018	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is the size of post it notes, I had thought they were a bit larger.  bummer, a bit.  Even just an inch larger, these would be perfect
1029	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for Kid's Playroom!
9857	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved
7913	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected.
7731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works very well.  Lightweight!

Please excuse me while I place my order for four more notebooks...
5182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use it as a journal and the paper is great, the binding is holding up.  The rule is a little smaller than I was expecting, but who really cares about that?  Just an observation.
4157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice paper! Good service. Recommended.
4034	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this new paring knife. It is very sharp and exactly like the one I bought years ago at Bed, Bath and Beyond. The last one had Emeril's signature on it. This one did not; but was made by the same manufacturer (Wusthof) and otherwise looked and worked exactly the same.
7855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Required for math class, good quality.
1360	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I liked these pens, more for how they flow than for the scents. The scents don't last long on paper.
More pricy than generic stands, but are well worth the price, and match the outstanding styling of the KEF speakers.
6948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very classy and professional looking.

3727	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It shouldn't cost a premium to get lids of a different color for these common Rubbermaid containers.  But I keep getting my containers mixed up with other folks' containers at work, so for me it was worth it to get the pretty blue colored lids.  I have tried labels, but they look so awful after a couple washings I hate using them.
4158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We had a home made tree, and by winter all the leaves were removed.  each leaf had an event.  I created the tree, but it got to the point that leaves were falling before they could be taken down.  This item owl birthday chart is wonderful, cause Birthdays don't change and everyone, youngster can learn months, what month is next, who will be having a birthday.  This was purchased for out family. not a school item

9485	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you type a lot as I do, this gel mouse pad is what you want.  Very helpful in supporting my wrist.  A life saver.  Thanks.
7106	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product was better than I expected it to be. It is easy to use and has easy to use features. I definitely recommend it.
6993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My Cross Pen Model 3502 is about six years and it just broke. Cross Claims Lifetime Guarantee. I called Cross and they said I have to ship it pre-paid to RI and insure the pen and it would cost me $10.00 Paid in advance for handling. Shame on cross especially in reading a review that someone sent them a pen for repair and it was return defective. I just ordered another Cross 3502, I read another review that Cross Pens Quality has gone down the drain, they are not being manufactured in the USA and the pen or papers does not state where it was manufatured. A word of caution to Cross, this is how American Industries dissapear based on their policies and customer concern and Quality is extremely important. If I find the pen I just purchased to be defective within a short period I will look towards buying a pen from a different manufaturer and be done with Cross. I was employed by a Fortune 500 Company for 38 years that went Chapet 10 because of foriegn competition and poor product quality.
8628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gel pad for my wrist, would recommend this for everyone, takes the stress off of wrist
ordered copies of their own.  Its reasonably priced, and has a chest full of ideas to get one's creative

So, just kick back with a good sound system and enjoy it.  It doesn't pay to think too much or try to decode all the hidden messages or worry about whether or not it's better than Pet Sounds or whether it would even exist without Pet Sounds coming first.  And it also doesn't pay to worry about whether or not it's the "best" Beatles album.  It is what it is, that's all.
4545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for homeschool organization with minimal space.  Also good for little hands to reach lower pockets.
915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality map with lots of details. Also nice packing in the tube.
My default sketchbooks.
1748	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got the best reactions from the recipients.  We got one for both g'mas and my daughter-so there sharing their calendar pics, and giggles, each month!
7481	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for my statistics class.  Small enough to fit in my pocket as well.  I like it better than my clunky TI-89.
2.  It is well built.  It's not cheap, doesn't easily come apart, etc.  It is quite well constructed.
2229	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this bookmark because I loved the moon design but when I got it the image had melted off! The design was the only reason I bought thist and now I'm stuck with smudged bookmark!
4251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I hope my bf likes it.
The manual is very clear and easy to understand, and you will be up and running very quickly, even if you're math-challenged, like I am.  The sliding cover is a thing of beauty - don't lose it - it keeps your little buddy well protected in your backpack and holds it firmly in place on the table.
1724	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, as are all her calendars. I buy one every year and I am never disappointed.

554	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I laminated my numbers and words immediately with my little Scotch Laminator. Then I cut the numbers and words out with my little Martha Stewart paper cutter (from scrap booking) to make nice straight lines. The straws look just like the straws you stir coffee with- maybe slightly bigger, but if you loose straws then just buy regular or coffee straws. The pouch is smaller but holds your extra straws and numbers. The dimensions make it just right for a smaller space on the wall. Has no problem hanging with smaller thumb tacks. I might make a second set of words and numbers so people can see from across the room easier- but the size it comes with is fine too.
4908	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love writing in this Moleskine.
3179	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a perfect carrying case for border/sentence strips. The only complaint that I have is that if you pick it up while it's open from loading it lying flat, all of the contents dump out (personal experience - very frustrating).
6892	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent pen to write with.  Fits my hand well and is easy to write with. i own several .
4009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
7729	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my daughter whose going into 7th grade. It is perfect for her needs and was a good price also.
5822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love, love, love this Moleskine Watercolor sketchbook. It is really sturdy and sewn well. I often paint extended landscapes (running across two pages) and I can easily hold the book flat to work a larger area. The paper is nice quality (140 lb) and can handle being painted on both sides. I wish it were available in a white/bright white watercolor paper option (this one is more of a creamy white). I would definitely buy it again.
2568	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Terrific map for the price. Looks great on the wall. We are in the travel business and need to refer to it all the time. As world events are constantly changing it is really a necessity. We chose to put it up with white thumbtacks so it hardly shows, framing was a too expensive way to go.
5224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this for meetings. Item as described. Great Product...
1263	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are small but colorful. They were the perfect size for "care packages" I was making. The girls thought they were fun journals.
My Moleskines get damp from time to time, but they dry just fine and I've never really wanted the extra bulk and feel of any of the water resistant pads.  Being an avid hiker that really enjoys taking notes outside, I've never been let down with the Moleskines.
4603	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	More wonderful ways for my daughter to expand her creativity!  We love these and the box for storage is handy to keep them all in one place!
8265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These cards allow us to make beautiful, personalized custom cards at a fraction of what we'd pay for those overpriced, impersonal store-bought ones.  I can have 25 hand drawn Avery cards for less than the price of one fancy store-bought one, or if I print them, including ink, it would still be less than $1/card.
4399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy way to find the books.
3. Page Layout. Here again Moleskin was heavy-handed in dictating how we should use the product and organize our information. In my opinion it privileges bibliographic information over note taking. If I'm going to haul a book around that's the size of a paperback, I want it to be for notes, not a list I can easily keep on my computer or smart phone. I carry paper for its flexibility. Let it be flexible.

2243	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3331	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A really well done daily calendar.  Gave it as a gift.  It made my mother in law so happy.  Great, meaningful quick reads to start your day with the Lord.
8930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this mousepad for about 10 years. I've had it for forever. Recently my ouse stopped tracking and wouldn't register well when I glided over the mousepad. I thought it was something blocking the optical laser of the mouse and I completely cleaned it.

- Adequately firm gel wrist rest.
3280	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this thinking it would be nicer than it is.  I mean this is a scratch-pad for eight dollars and  some change.  Something you would find at the dollar store.  On top of all-it is a present!
8041	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Having been in engineering classes when the first HP calculator came out that was heavy as a brick and had no "memory", this is an amazing calculator and exactly what my son needed for school.  As a matter of fact, he had the choice of renting one for a semester and loved it so much that I got him one for his birthday!  He is thrilled.
2290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased several of these and plan to put them in with St Patricks day cards for my Irish friends but what I also did is get some extras that I am giving as gifts tucked in with a book.  there is beading and it comes in a plastic case a wonderful deal cause if you purchase four from amazon you even get one for free
Have not bought these for quite a while.  Only recently got my 20 year old LaserJet running again.  The old printer is still better than the new ones--which broke down.
6626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good
7947	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice size, feels sturdy, basic and easy to use
5426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love moleskin, so I'm biased. In my opinion its the only way to go.
9482	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It helps my wrist when typing so much, and it allows me to type longer with the wrist support - definitely a good buy.
9583	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Picked this up as a requirement for a commercial financial class.  Really handy for figuring out the formulas.  Not great for daily calculations as there is a set number of positions after the decimal that the calculator requires.

7398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as well as any calculator would, no complaints.
Our middle grandson (affectionately referred to as the Master of Disaster) is going to have a tough time destroying this nifty stencils, with each measuring @ 5-3/4"L, 4-1/8"H... they'll be so much easier to maneuver around than those big 8-1/2 x 11 paper ones we had - and these are translucent rather than opaque, which is a very nice feature (each INDIVIDUAL object even has its name imprinted in small letters next to it!)  The lid snaps shut securely, and there's also a neat little handle included that hooks onto the sides.  These were just PERFECT for us!

8829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Belkin is always know for its quality and practicality.  I purchase 3 of these as an add on and am quite pleased with the rest and support the Gel Mouse Pad offers.  Thanks, Belkin
9342	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It's a fair price, but the mouse roller face is starting to delaminate already and I've only used it for a few weeks now. I won't be buying another. There are too many on the market to try that might be higher quality. Mouse pads are "dime a dozen".
7023	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Before you buy, be sure to check where the pen was made. I have a number of older Cross pens that say "USA" near the top, and they are great pens. However, I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made, and they are of inferior quality. The top and bottom halves are loose, and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap. The first one I got, I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their "lifetime guarantee," only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a "handling fee" attached.
6960	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A gift for my husband who is a New Orleans Saints fan, as well as a fan of Cross pens.  The black matte finish is stately and the gold plating is beautiful!  Oh, and it writes smoothly and performs well.
2061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy and beautiful artful cover!
6636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rainbow Bible Indexing Tabs Old & New...
9937	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	After being married for 6 years (and 2 moves) I some how stumbled upon a label maker I forgot my husband had. It's a dual printer, so I think I associated it with business stuff- address labels etc.- not obsessive labeling.  I decided to look at what labels were available.  When I came across these clear ones I knew I was in business.  I labeled all my husband's spice jars, and everything in my tool closet. Talk about a kid in a candy store!

7583	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What a math genius.
5553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband is a Search and Rescue volunteer. This is the perfect pocket size notebook. It holds together for several months use.
4163	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Functional
  * 1 250 sheets A4 (8.25 in x 11.7 in) Autoload, 1 100 sheets A4 (8.25 in x 11.7 in) Autoload
5 stars, this is the one calculator that is a must have.
- On the Flaska website, one of its selling points is "water restructuring" which is not scientifically sound.

2170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	worked well
134	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent working like new still from the day it was purchase up on till now.. recommend to others.
9341	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a mouse pad.
4881	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Cheap looking. I wanted a high-quality look when taking notes in front of a client. These soft covers were not it. Spend a little more for the hard cover versions.
5688	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have always wanted a Moleskine.  I finally decided to purchase this set of three journals for writing lesson plans in.  I bought a journal for each grade that I teach.  The lines are extremely thin, which I love!  I have small writing, and I prefer college ruled paper.  These lines are even thinner than college ruled.  The journals are also heavier than most.  I plan to purchase more.  Each notebook has several sheets of paper.  You can definitely fit a lot of writing in here!
4486	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I needed something to put all my posters in. However, I overstuffed it and some of the fabric ripped. I thought it would be a little sturdier.
[...]
5053	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great product, I like that there is a folder in back where I can keep receipts.  The size is perfect for meetings with clients as it is not intimidating to them and lets me take my notes.
4743	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a little sketch book. I love the paper and I always have time for a little drawing.
http://www.tvmcalcs.com/index.php/calculators/baiiplus/baiiplus_page1
8882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	does what you'd expect
6377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
Considering what you are getting in this beautiful book, the pricing - in my humble opinion is fair. My family and I will certainly be getting more of these books in the range, both for our coloring-in pleasure as well as sending them out as presents, over the festive season.
2271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE these things.  They stay put no matter what I do.  I can stuff my book in my purse and pull it out knowing that my bookmark will still be where I put it.  They even stay put when I drop my book on the floor which happens more than I like.
7826	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great calculator easy to use.
8272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice card making kit.  The card stock is very heavy and a nice texture. It's easy to format and includes envelopes.  I do think the large envelopes would need extra postage if you are mailing them.
9439	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This paper shredder from the folks at Fellowes is a compact shredder designed for smaller business offices and home- based businesses. The motor on this unit is powerful and it only needs occasional lubricating. The blades can cut through paper, credit cards, paper clips, and staples.
2764	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So far, so hilarious. Great for little squabbles. Hubby woyld like an area for recepient to either accept or decline said apology. Also, would be better if they were sticky notes.... at least as an option. Will buy again

I wish I could purchase more of these. Very sad they are out of stock.

We ended up purchasing more, because more students came than expected.  Some even asked if they could buy extras from us because they wanted some for their friends at school.
At work I refer to it as my PDA and while it doesn't require batteries it only suffers from memory limitations.
6105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been looking a long time for a 3x5 address book like the one I have.  But they all has such small lines and made it difficult to write by their preprinted categories.  THIS ONE IS GREAT.  It has just lines so you can write as big or small as ou want.  So much easier to add B-days and other info on the page across.  It took me over a year . . .but I found the perfect adddress book for my needs.  Also good quality!!!!
p.s. Oh god, is this a humblebrag review?  I assure you that was not the intent.  I usually do my bragging without any semblance of humility.
The right size.  Fits in a shirt pocket or those little pockets in your brief case or backpack.
9750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

1703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love this calendar; I had a digital, kindle one, last year ... couldn't find on this year.

6753	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like it, exactly what I was looking for.

757	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good product...
4850	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good size, nice cover, and nice paper weight. Very durable, but 4 stars because I don't feel they're quite worth the price. You can get an equivalent hard copy style for less, although I do like the elastic closure.
6616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works awesome for someone with ADHD if you remember to use it
- It's not a rigid base, so as it drapes over the seam in my workspace there's a little ridge.  You probably have a flat desk, so this probably doesn't apply to you either.

4732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

1196	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD QUALITY!
7307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this paper.  It gives everything I print look first class.  Great quality, never jams and prints colors that will knock you eye out.
7511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cool easy to use
4122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good color, good weight, very satisfied.
There's a little paper pocket in the back cover that's handy for stashing a note or something else relatively thin but none of the fun charts and tables you find in their day planners. Overall pretty great, wish they made a slightly larger one but that's probably due to my bad handwriting.
The utensils are made of a very strong and durable plastic that washes easily in the dishwasher.  We've had ours for at least a couple of years and they still last, at least the ones my daughter hasn't lost at school.  I don't think I've ever had one break.
2513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is exactly what I was looking for. It is big enough to be able to identify and mark individual countries and major cities, but does not take up he whole wall. It came rolled up and had no creases in it. I am glad I paid a little extra to get the laminated version. If you are looking for a classy map on which to mark your travels, I would look no further.
Page numbers and Table of Contents

Besides the marvelous music, there is of course the artwork for the album/CD. According to the liner notes by Peter Blake, he asked the Beatles for a list of people they would want at an imaginary concert. John initially wanted to include Jesus, Ghandi and Hitler but eventually left all three off the list because of the controversy in the U. S. over his recent comment about Jesus. Some of the people who made the list were Marlene Dietrich, Shirley Temple, Marlon Brando, Bob Dylan, Dylan Thomas, Edgar Allen Poe, Tony Curtis, William Burroughs, Karl Marx, Oscar Wilde, Johnny Weismuller, Stephen Crane, Albert Einstein, and Mae West (who refused at first but eventually agreed to be included in the life-size collage.)
7230	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GOOD ITEM FOR THE PRICE
8973	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	the gel felt like gel for about 15 minutes and then sagged and started making a crunchy sound in the middle. Arguably it is a very low cost product, but I expected more with the Belkin name on it based on past experiences.
9556	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
2313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it
8440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	worked perfect for a birthday banner.
5430	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Retains ink well from really any pens. The hardcover is a very nice touch, and I'm glad I went for that option. Great notebook- probably the best you can buy for the money.
2264	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Ordered a few of these bookmarks and really like them. Sturdy and stylish. I read a great deal of books and unfortunately don't always finish one before moving on to the next, so I need a steady supply of bookmarks and this was a good addition to my collection.
Power
251	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Don't waste your money, you can find a similar set at the dollar tree...for ONE DOLLAR.
2279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was an excellent product that I purchased for myself and also for various family members.  The message on this bookmark is very special and inspirational.
2621	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great gift for anyone you know who has difficulty making decisions. Got a laugh!
3329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A great gift for anyone! And it ships fast too.
3305	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	They are very flimsy and cheaply made.  Alai you can not peel and re-adhere then to other surfaces.
9304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this! The gel really helps position your wrist just right. I especially appreciate it as I get carpel tunnel from time to time. I had another mouse pad and switched to this (along with using SoftFlex computer gloves) really helped me work painlessly.  My carpel tunnel is gone, but I still use this. I hope it helps to keep my wrist at the right angle so it never comes back again!
So last year, I bought a little red hardcover 12-month Moleskine, and it has been wonderful.  Sure, I could put appointments in it (and I do record travel dates and such) but mostly I record the day's events.  If I feel sick or well, how much I write, my weight, how much I exercise, and so on.  I even put stickers on days with special accomplishments.  It's inspiring and fun.
5898	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Slightly small than 8.5 x 11 inch paper, but if you don't need to stash 8.5 x 11 inch looseleaf inside, it is more than enough room to write on.
They measure the standard A4 (European) size, come with the ubiquitous strand to keep it shut, bookmark ribbon, and back inside pocket.  The paper quality is the same, and it's a charm to write on during class!
9048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great price! good product!
-Microwave safe
3056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super cute book!!! My daughter is giving it as a gift to my fiance. The pages are about as thick as card stock with a matte finish- but a regular sharpie does bleed through. The thin sharpies and felt tip pens work better for her to write with in it.

3431	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best purchases I have made for my classroom! I absolutely love how easy this calendar is to maintain. The pockets make it easy to add your own events or schedules.
2297	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great place holders.
5412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love all Moleskine journals.  I totally never knew I could be a notebook snob like that but I totally love these.  I usually get the weekly one, but I kind of nerded out on the polka dots for this.  It's a lot thicker than I had thought it would be but I'm not taking a star away for my assumption, I still think it's a great notebook, how the heck could you get all days for a year into a tiny planner?  I will probably buy the weekly one next time, I simply bought this one to try it out, but the weekly one is better for me overall.  I'll still use it, and again, I'm not taking away a star for preference, I really do think the quality and usefulness of this deserves 5 stars.
The pages are just large enough to give you good room yet small enough so the book is portable.  The book bends far enough past the first 2 pages so you can actually draw across the pages.  I use my book front to back not leaving one sheet uncovered and can draw horizontal landscapes thanks to the ability to use 2 pages at once.  There is a small pocket on the back to store small sheets of paper and random things you might find while wandering the streets looking for inspiration.  The hard cover is very thick and sturdy plus it has so many pages for this low low price.  You can't beat it.
62	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is PERFECT for my son's Boy Scout handbook. Holds pencil/pens and small notepad-great!
36	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We've had these for about 6 months now and they work great, no tears or problems. We use them with the adventure bible and it has a great fit.
6053	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift, got great reviews from recipient
5644	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy these notebooks somewhat regularly since I carry one and use it daily at work. These things are rugged! As long as you aren't actually trying to tear it to prove a point, they'll last daily use for months. It's a little worse for the wear, but that's just a sign of character.
I love these books.
89	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big enough and sturdy enough for my ESV study Bible. I like it!
It seems that the color of the notebook is the only way to sort out where they are made.. The red covers.. like these are made in Turkey.. So are the Tan covers.
6987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have RA and not easy to hold on to anything,but  a CROSS PEN makes it easier to write and hold on to...
9340	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The wrist part is nice.  The base pad is too small and slows down my mouse's tracking.
The right combination of functions in a small elegant package make the 12c irreplaceable.  My 12c is 25 years old and still going strong and I don't see that I will be replacing it any time soon.
2540	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good

9949	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised
2340	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5 stars
Because of the bright red color I interact with the sketchbook more.  I write more entries, sketch more ideas, just all around chronicle my thoughts.  I truly believe that sketchbooks are important part of problem solving.

9640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this new mouse pad. I like the shape (that is flared at the opposite end) for freer movement of the mouse. It fits my wrist just right---plus I love the bright blue color. Dresses up my  computer desk and matches my mouse.
8429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
1322	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	They don't have a scent and the ink didn't come out very well.
2552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We wanted a map to pin locations we visited. This works fine mounted on a board. You can see enough detail to pin  locations.
5062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You can buy other notebooks, but the Moleskine is in a class by itself.  The refinements are small, but you miss them when you pick up another brand.  This was a gift for a good friend, and I wanted the best.
So many of our stories are contained in what we eat: my family's lemon-cake pie recipe is not that hard to follow, resulting in a slightly tangy lemon custard resting on a flaky light layer of cake. Delicious! And it was served at the wedding reception of my great-grandparents in 1892. Or the even older Christmas steamed pudding recipe, which had to be re-constructed because the original cooks didn't write anything down. And every Valentine's day, I make strawberry-custard tarts for my husband, using a recipe my mom clipped from the Chicago Tribune in 1957.

4425	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	returned it.
7472	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Had display issues within 2 months of light use.
On top of this, the map was shipped in a HUGE rectangular box.  Again and again amazon customers complain about Amazon's horrible packing methods... yet they continue to do this!  Not only THAT, but I also ordered two boxes of tacks at the exact same time.  ALL THREE arrived in separate (HUGE) boxes!!!
2314	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good size. I like it.
531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the blank schedule cards that allowed me to write my own lessons on them!
Now I am no professional chef nor am I what you could classify a knife expert in that I do not know all the technical terms, technical data and all that sort of thing and can hardly pontificate over such matters.  No, I am down deep rather a simple person whose main focus is on the bottom line; the end results, if you will.
3564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The only brand that doesn't split when I use it. It's great for crafts or repairs or anything you need it for.
3.  It comes in a nice pouch for storage and transport.
76	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I loved this bag; it fits my phone, bible, notebook, pen, highlighters, Apocrypha
I have learnt if you ask the question correctly the answer will always be correct
9593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	class required type. also for cfa test.
10/10/14 update: i'm now changing my review from 3 stars to 4, with the emphasis that the actual cards are less than 4x6, and the envelopes are also less than 4x6.  the dimensions of the cards should be stated clearly in the descriptions and not just the dimension of of the box they come in.  having said that, the box they come in being 6 inches should have told me that the cards would HAVE to be less than six inches.  i didn't notice that the height was almost an inch, which meant they were describing the box and not the cards in it.
687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas list for a fellow Dachshund lover and she and I.  We love it.

Finally, the binder with elegant William Morris wallpaper as its design motif graces the outside as well as the eight internal headings. It has four conversion charts, too. The combination of presentation and practicality should make this a welcome addition to any cook's kitchen shelf.
3186	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like these a lot  but it would be nice if it came with everything I need to put it together like velcro dots or a pin for the arrows.
9468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
6321	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A little obnoxious to install, but hangs my power bricks (I have a TON) below my desk greatly. Wish I'd bought them sooner.
Nevertheless, I can always have a couple cartridges around, if I need them in a pinch.
9677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have owned two TI Business Analyst calculators in the past. One finally broke after many years and I replaced it with this one.
=========Further complaints about Amazon (so not necessarily complaints about the product)
6612	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the second year that I've used this planner.  I started with the larger size, then last year downsized to the 6x8 and reduce weight in my briefcase.  Being smaller didn't mean tiny lines to write on, the spaces are large enough to write normally.
6506	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this last year and really love it. The weekly lay out gives me different sections to write to-dos, appointments and project goals for the week. It has kept my calendar much neater and really helps to clarify my schedule and tasks. I was nervous because some of the recent reviews cited lower quality, but my 2018 journal is the same high quality as before.
7811	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Real hard to learn.
6728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these!

2625	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	After spending a couple hours looking for a shopping list template, I saw this pad. It's good size with a strong magnet to hang it on the fridge. It has many of the items that are on my average list, with even a few blanks lines to add your own needs wants and desires if needed.
2573	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm adding my 5 stars to the rest of the reviews. I searched many places to find the right large scale world map and found many that were much more expensive than this one. But this map is truly wall covering size, has a quality laminated cover, and all for a very low price. Some have commented on the color scheme (on the several similar versions on Amazon), but this is definitely not the bright colored map that would be suitable for a child's room. The actual colors are a little different than the picture, but as I sit here and look at my wall I see rich, muted browns and greens and tans. It fits well with the dark, woody, den type atmosphere I am trying to make. This is a great buy.
9992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These do a great job, print clear and stick on well.
2288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love
5373	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Seemed cool when I bought it, but I never use it.  It's also plastic, so I'm wary of throwing it in my pocket or stuffing it somewhere in briefcase where it could break.
6106	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	It seems that Moleskine quality is hit and miss these days. I ordered 2 of these notebooks and unfortunately they were both duds. The paper quality is REALLY BAD. It's rough and thin and cheap. Moleskine paper is supposed to be a bit thicker and smooth and silky. It seems the only reliable Moleskine products are there planners. The paper in those always seems to be excellent. (See my review of the softcover ruled pocket size for more details of my bad experiences.) I've given both of these large notebooks to my husband to use since he could care less about what kind of paper he writes on. I'll never buy a regular Moleskine notebook ever again.
  * A4 (8.25 in x 11.7 in), A5 (5.83 in x 8.25 in), Legal (8.5 in x 14 in), Executive (7.25 in x 10.5 in), Letter A Size (8.5 in x 11 in)
9141	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	horrible, makes your wrist sweat awful
6001	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  The leather really is amazing and I just love the pocket in the back.  It's extremely durable and very high quality.  I accidentally purchased the "Large" thinking it was the standard notebook paper size but that was my fault not looking at the dimensions.  Still, I've found a use for that size.  My only input would be a page in the front with a table of contents like the Kikkerland LBM11 Leuchtturm Master Ruled Notebook, 8.75 x 12.5 Inch which is also offered on Amazon.  I might have to purchase one just to compare.
 Handy Accordion Pocket in the back made from nice and thick card stock.
5915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite journals for writing or drawing. If you are into art journaling with watercolor, other water based paints, or collage, I suggest that you gesso the page first, as the page with buckle. I've also had a problem with pens bleeding through as well. Still, I love them and purchase them in various forms and colors at Amazon.com.
4396	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like Majestic tabs.
This album CHALLENGES YOU to elevate your awareness....not nessacarily with drugs, but with a bigger picture of HOW IT ALL GOES TOGETHER.  Anyone of us, can elevate ourselves like the Beatles did, when they put on the costumes of a typical "psychedelic San Fransesco hippie Band", grew out their hair, and studied eastern spirituality, as a way to see that the world is SO MUCH MORE than daily awareness lets us know about. This "awareness" was long the priviledge of the artists, but by 1967 EVERYBODY could join the party. Once you joined the "SGT PEPPER LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND", and reinvented yourself, you could GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP OF YOUR FRIENDS. (Join a commune, or a meditation group.) ANd, you could see new visions, like LUCY IN THE SKY WITH DIAMONDS. (A childLIKE vision, based on Jesus' saying that no one enters Heaven, unless they become LIKE CHILDREN.)  That is the REAL idea here. Lennon based the song on a child's world, his 7 year old son's drawing of a woman in the stars. Then, once you did this, life would start GETTING BETTER.  If something was raining on your world, making life a drag, instead of complaining, you just go up on the roof, and start FIXING A HOLE. Then, you remove yourself from the world of dull, backward looking people. SHE"S LEAVING HOME was the parents perspective, of a daughter doing just that....leaving behind parents that controlled her thru guilt (We gave her most of our lives....SURE mom and dad, SURE you did.) THEN, the woman joins the band, and marches right into what Herman Hesse called "The Circus of the Mind". And tonight the Circus is FOR THE BENEFIT OF MISTER KITE, as we fly HIGHER and HIGHER into a phasmagorical dreamland, shooting stars twirling into colorful sparks, that you may NEVER want to leave. What does the "experience" Teach? George Harrison thought that life always keeps going on, WITHIN YOU AND WITHOUT YOU. (The squares laugh at the end of this song, all about eastern spirituality, complete with sitars, tablas, and the first real visions of GLOBALIZATION applied to a new sound: World music.)  If the album ONLY had George's magnum opus on it, it would STILL be one of the greatest rock songs ever. After you get your head together, with a little help of the CIRCUS of the MIND, and some Transcendental Meditation/eastern Mystisicm, you still had to wonder about what life would be like, in 40 years. Would the lover you have in your youth, love you for MORE than your beauty? Will I be loved WHEN I"M SIXTY FOUR? Sure, even those people who tried to BE HERE NOW, thought of the future.  Even if you were hip, you STILL had to work, just like LOVELY RITA the Meter maid. (Another strike at the military industrial complex, cos RITA looked a little like a MILITARY MAN.) SURE, you may become aware of the TRUTH,  but you STILL have to get up  tomorrow, and face another day, pour your cornflakes and milk, and say GOODMORNING GOODMORNING to the blahs of the working week. BUT WAIT!! THe circle is always coming around again, as the time comes to meet up with your friends who help you get high, and see the VISIONS again, and again, and again....each day become another DAY IN THE LIFE, until all the days are past, and we DIE. BUT, before we die without knowing that another way of seeing the world exists out there, the Beatles want to do something for you, they would LOVE TO TURN YOU ON!  Oh yes, yes they would, and they STILL  want to do that.  Fourty years later, and i cant think of a SINGLE album that sums up the world, and life, and death, and all the circles within circles we pass thru,  all the stages of life, all the joys, and sorrows, all the boredoms and ecstacies, the way SGT PEPPER does. Is it the BEST music, that the Beatle's recorded? Well, song by song, maybe not. I still like the WHITE ALBUM a bit better, just cos the songs were a bit more centered.  But if ART REFLECTS LIFE, and if LIFE is about the BEAUTIFUL and the DULL, the YIN AND YANG, being BORN again (as a new BAND, or persona), and DYING (to the self, or to the world), then this "Sgt. Pepper" world recreats what other poets couldn't achieve thru PAGES and PAGES of obtuse poems meant for the educated, privledged few. NOW, this is a TRUE ART, produced for ALL PEOPLE...and like all TRUE ART, it isn't about the PAST. It's about NOW. BECAUSE THE HUMAN CONDISTION IS ALWAYS THE SAME. WE might decorate our lives a bit differently. Maybe telephones are smaller, or you can watch a million different movies on your BIG SCREEN TV, but its the SAME LIFE, the same people living it.  ONE THING IS FOR SURE....if you think that this was your PARENTS/GRANDPARENTS music, or whatever, then you might as well never listen to MOZART, cos it was your GREAT GREAT GREATx3 GRANDPARENTS MUSIC, or not listen to the sitar, because its music for somebody else's ancestors. If we have REALLY come to the point, where we cant find TRUTH, BEAUTY and ENLIGHTENMENT unless it comes packaged as a BRAND NEW VIDEO GAME, which needs a $300 new control unit, and a $75 program, and a $800 HI DEF TV screen, then I really feel sorry for the world today, and the kids coming up. BECAUSE, for the price of a MOVIE, this album gives you MORE ENTERTAINMENT, than a hundred video games, which grow old, as soon as the next version comes out in a couple of years, or a new RAP star, who also becomes old, as soon as the newer face comes on the scene. SGT PEPPER has a message. Yes, we are ALL UNITED, by our COMMUNAL LIFE DRAMAS, DISAPPOINTMENTS, DREAMS, and VISIONS.  It is the voice of the ETERNAL SHAMAN, and if we no longer listen to THAT voice, then life IS A DRAG.
6735	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Disappointed to receive one with a misaligned binding.
7138	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This paper is all it claims to be. It is a little more money but it is also better quality.
9162	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pad
4364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I need to buy more. I love it.
3817	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My friend moved to farm country from NY. I wanted her to fit in. Bought her this great Tervis Tumbler. Cannot go wrong.
4083	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this light as a replacement for a 70 watt High Pressure Sodium light.  While the light pattern does not throw quite as far as the old HPS light, the quality of the light is far superior.  It was a direct replacement for the original light so I didn't have to drill any new holes, wired in using the existing wire nuts and functioned the same (save for the lack of a warm up time for the LED light).  I'll save about 70% in powering this light, so it was a win all the way around.  If you need a good yard light, while the initial price is a bit high, this product should be given serious consideration.
3783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sits on my desk everyday to enjoy.  Absolutely love the pictures.  Wish there were more of the dogs without the ears cropped.

9193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use this brand and have for years. Love the wrist support
1574	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i'm not a pro like some of the other guys who are writing reviews.  This is my first time using this kind of tool, on an old cast iron dewalt radial arm saw.  this thing is incredible.  When the motor is started ,  there is a a sound like a powerful fan running but no vibration.  On a RAS, you need a shaper guard- found one on ebay fairly reasonable.  Set up  some hold-downs & hold in with feather boards- and  wow, suddenly a glass smooth milled edge on your board, no sweat.  Very impressive- expensive, but worth it.
1. Blue case to protect it when stored in desk.  The hard plastic blue front case cover easily attaches to the back of the calculator when using the calculator so the cover cannot get loat. not The cover stays in place also.  The blue case cover is narrower than the white calculator so it doesn't make it wider when holder the calculator in your hands.
I do agree that the waste basket SEEMS a little flimsy, but it's actually pretty sturdy, made of very strong plastic. I'm not worried about breaking it. Use of plastic liners might be a good idea, both for convenience and to protect the plastic receptacle.
167	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	arrived on time-kids loved it
6666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The only issue I have had with these tabs is being careful not to let them tear when removing from the paper.  The guide helps tremendously in the correct spacing.  I have purchase these for several Bibles and have been very pleased each time.  I can highly recommend these tabs.
The level of detail is very nice. I've lived in a few very small towns and most of them are actually listed on this map! The font choice is excellent as well.
2902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable -- for my 13-year old daughter who loves them!  Hopefully, they inspire her to get organized.
9940	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. Working well with my DYMO Label Maker 160. Will buy again.
8149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is just what my teen needed for school this year at a fraction of the stores costs!
9939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for making labels with. Good price.
5043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for daily journaling, notes, hipsters.
I LOVE this set, and any other Moleskein product I've ever purchased, but how popular this item will be depends on indiviual needs.
The paper is of decent quality, but bleeds through pretty easily and frays at the edges.
5776	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's so pretty! haha! You feel like a real artist sketching in this book! I have been "saving" it to paint when I am in the great outdoors!  I did one tester sheet and the paper feels very good to touch and watercolors look good on them.  Hope this review was helpful!
6954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
2804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everyone in the office gets a kick out these; it's always cool to see someone's reaction when I give them a note on one of these for the first time.
This is a neat and powerful little problem solver.
9490	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised.
1762	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice pictures
1112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I first ordered one for each of my boys currently in high school science classes, but after seeing the tables and information in the books, sent for a third one just to keep on-hand in case one got lost.  Both boys are acing their classes, and I know this book has helped.
7324	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A globe is a globe is a globe, isn't it? This one is large enough, attractive, and contemporary. It will be a handy accessory as my wife and I follow the international news.

6129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These EXTRA-SMALL, RULED MOLESKIN VOLANT NOTEBOOKS are absolutely perfect for keeping my To-Do lists.  At 2-1/2 by 4 inches, with just 28 pages, each notebook is small enough and thin enough to slip comfortably into the undersized pockets found in women's clothing.  If I carry one of these with me, I can jot down all those odd tasks that come to mind when I'm busy doing something else.

6527	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I thought it was bigger. Boxes too small to write in. Would not recommend buying this
I will be buying more of these book in the near future!

-Nice size
Consider adding the Tovolo ice pop molds as an accessory item to enjoy your favorite juice drink as an icy treat!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tovolo-Green-Shooting-Star-Pop-Molds/dp/B000G34F2U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tovolo Green Shooting Star Pop Molds</a>

8527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We needed a backup calculator and it's hard to find a better quality calculator than this one, especially at the price.
With respect to the capabilities of these calculators, they satisfy all of the basic engineering and scientific needs, and the 32Sii model has considerably more capabilities with built-in conversions and various math and scientific functions. These days, I doubt that many people will purchase or use one of these calculators for any very sophisticated calculations, although they are still quite usable in that way. I personally use mine for basic desktop calculations. It's interesting to see them still available here on Amazon, even a few 'new' ones apparently still available, likely of interest mainly to collectors and to those who still prefer this style of calculator.
1220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice adult coloring book.  The drawings have enough detail to make me happy, but the lines are thick enough so I don't go crazy.  I color with Copic markers so I always want a book with thick paper and bold graphics.  This works well.  However, the images are printed on both sides of the page and the markers do bleed through.  With coloring pencils you should have no problems.  I also do not really care for the activity pages such as "complete the maze", "seek and find these objects" and  "draw a hat on this creature".  That's not what I color for.  There are a few pages like that in the book, but still enough strictly coloring pages to keep me occupied.
1393	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A great gift to give.
~The Rebecca Review
6118	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Of all the many, many journals I've tried over the years, these Moleskine Cahier Journals are as good as it gets. You can find fancier journals with hard, leather-wrapped covers, gilded pages, and embedded illustrations or decorative scrollwork. You can find cheaper journals (like a spiral notebook). What you won't find is a more pocket- and travel-friendly journal than this.
9735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	with this you will be very organized when you go to anyone's home to write up a invoice or any paperwork
So far so good, My kids are happy, all in high school and this is doing the job.  None are complaining it doesnt have all the bells and whistles... All is quiet on the western front and that is a good thing.

2277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good bookmark, not sure I will get another with a tassel.
6058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased my first Moleskine Journal (ruled/large) after getting tired of writing on index cards stuck inside of the book I was reading. The cards would fall out; I'd need several, and now I just carry this soft, durable, easy to take along journal.

5871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my first moleskin. I switched to this after my watercolor pencil sketches bled through the pages of my Canon sketchbook. This book is a great size for travel and the watercolor pencils don't bleed through at all. Neither does my Micron pens.
Something I find myself doing, by the way, is holding the pen between my fingers - opened and posted - while reading magazines. If I want to mark something, I use it... and it feels great in between the fingers. =:o)
8951	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works as intended for cost. very comfortable!
1448	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	We liked these books for the most part. Having been born and raised in CA, I have learned all about these subjects, as have all of my older children. We thought that these books would be good for our younger children to read before we go back to visit, as we could visit some of the relevant sites with our younger children and expound on what they read about in these and other books. This is a nice addition to our other child friendly books on the subjects. We can use them as a springboard for further discussion and education.

3144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality! Arrived with no damage. Great poster for my homeschooled 5 and 7 yr old kids.
813	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Its more decorative than a vinyl to actually be listened to. I bought this as a present for a friend who is obsessed with the beatles and has her entire room decked out. She loved it and literally teared up. I think its a success for anyone who wants to own a nice novelty vinyl.
9549	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works the way it says it does,but...it is what it is.  I find all of the financial calculators confusing.  I hope I never have to buy another one but if I do it will probably be a TI.
paen to friendship & weed, hallmarks of the '60s. ringo gives this his everyman's vocal. lucy rips the listener into the stratosphere of
5508	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very nice notebook. like the soft cover and it's much lighter weight than hardcover or Lechturrm but some ghosting on pages
With new users reluctant to try RPN and old users like me deserting, HP will be forced to discontinue this product line. I hope someone in the company pays attention to these reviews and acts to save them.
4965	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a plain black notebook. The pages are pretty thin, but I love the look and how convenient it is.
6173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best medium-sized notebook on the market. Love the squared/graphed pages over blank or lined - they help keep writing neater and free-drawing diagrams are easier to keep correct/to a consistent scale. I wish they had an option in this size with more pages (thicker).
Definitely go for used over new if you are on a budget and on the fence about the decision.


737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this lovely calendar for my husband. He was very pleased.  The art work is gorgeous and the quality of the calendar is superb.  We have been buying these calenders for about 27 years.  Never been disappointed.  They make wonderful gifts for people with a discerning eye for beauty and a love of nature. Very practical too.

759	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am using these passages for 5th and 6th grade students, and they are enjoying the material.  I like to find varied short pieces to expose them to since they often stick with just one Genre of their "free choice" reading material.  This book has a nice amount of variety in it and the questions are good at guiding the students back through the writing to find the information.  Clearly presented with easy-to-read font, this has been a great addition to my classroom.
9586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfy mouse pad.  Bought this to use every day at work and have like it.  Does seems to collect the dust but if you use a lint roller is comes right off.  Would recommend to others!
but it is a no brainer arrangement. It takes 1 second to learn them by position and
9805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A staple gun is a straightforward device: you insert a row of staples and you proceed to staple materials usually heavier than a office stapler would be able to handle.  The Arrow T50 arrived with a box of 1250 8mm staples and the stapler itself is clad in a heavy, shiny stainless and fits my large hands perfectly.  The stapler is nicely weighted and the handle requires some effort to depress; someone with smaller, weaker hands will likely have some trouble operating this unit smoothly and effectively.
25	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is made out of polyster material so it can be cleaned easily. My kid loves it that it can also hold her awana workbook in the front pocket.

I checked the quality of the paper. It's perfect nice and white and thick, I like my paper to be thicker, sometimes I print on both sides, which looks perfectly acceptable, sometimes I see a bit of a shaddow if I printed a picture on the under side.
Size aside, I love the smooth, slightly dappled texture of the highly sized (a coating used to smooth, stiffen and prevent excessive, splotchy absorption of ink or watercolour paint) faintly blonde and very heavy paper (200 gsm, copy paper is typically around 70 gsm). I like the weight of the paper, but I am slightly fearful as to its stiffness, worrying that it might unexpectedly crease or even crack. The binding is superb. It appears to be Smyth sewn with very small signatures, meaning a strong, durable book that will lay flat when opened. The boards are covered in leatherette, a fact appreciated by this vegetarian. They are flat now, but are a bit thin: Thin enough that as I live in a clime with ferocious summer humidity, I worry a bit about future warpage.

9221	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good Mouse Pads
4132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute!
If you want to do custom moldings or profiles, you need this tool.
One tip - adjust your chair height and the level of your elbow, relative to the height as the surface the mouse is on.  See if it changes the amount of weight you put on your wrist, and where the pressure point is - it may be more comfortable.  For me, I like to have my elbow as high as the desktop that the mouse is on.
7101	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good Product.  Great Price.
7688	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buy this version of TI30Xa as you can see the decimal point better.  The decimal point in the older versions is mostly for people with 20/20 vision.
8432	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very powerful for the price. The only reservation is the smallness of the keys.
1207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for me. Simple. One goal a day at its core, supplemented by second tier goals. Grows on you. Thgrows just enough theory of getting your priorities right to get the ball rolling. No endless videos to watch or stuff to read, no superlative-laced platitudes on the greatest achievement ever, every day..
I enjoyed the information, examples, and the tutorial in the front of the book.  I didn't so much care for the interactive pages of finishing your own drawings, mazes, or the object searches.  I believe that some of the searches are incorrect as I couldn't find all of the objects in the tadpole/frog search, and I looked and counted numerous times.  Fortunately, there aren't that many of these distractions, and you can color the page, finished or not.

Anthony Trendl
2993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had to have this when I saw it! I got it for my older brother as a Christmas present. He tends to have a lot of gatherings and game nights at his place and this is going to make a perfect addition to his bathroom! Everyone I've showed it to so far has gone out and gotten a copy of their own. I cannot wait to see his reaction (and even better, the contributions of his bathroom guests)
4345	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thhey are easy to apply and to read.
1606	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It works great and will come in handy for power outages. This is the best!
2074	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an attractive bookmark for a horse lover.  The bookmark arrived in good shape; it is gift quality and should suit the gift recipient well.
9622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My fiance has this and has used it for years.  He loves it.  I am ordering a new one because he spilled coffee on his old one.  The coffee didn't even ruin it, but now it has a stain on it.  It's durable and comfortable.
2837	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gag gift for a sassy friend, he actually uses them too.
7679	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!
7412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works really well for classes (especially exams, when graphing calculators are not allowed), would highly recommend
9453	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good
5531	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is not a bad pocket journal, and it has very good paper quality, suitable for use with good fountain pens.  However, it is marketed as doing something very specific with Evernote: allowing handwriting recognition and seamless integration of notes written in this product with other device-generated notes.  In this, it is little better than any other small notebook costing a quarter as much.  Being a small, tightly bound book, the pages do not lay flat for photographing with the device's camera, which is the means of importing into Evernote.  You must use some weight or other method for getting in-focus pictures of your pages.  This interferes with the auto-cropping and distortion-correcting function in Evernote.  Furthermore, I have been unable to detect any enhanced recognition ability referable to the use of this notebook.  The little tag stickers only work most, but not all of the time, and the page-defining ribbon does not lay flat or straight either.
576	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice product.  Love it in my classroom!
6491	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Excellent planner for organizational purposes. Gets the job done and keeps things nice and organized. Would recommend to anyone looking for a journal.

7177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this paper , good for printers & the proper thickness & clarity

810	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	no mp3 download with it
The product isn't all bad, of course. This is Moleskin, so the journal is of very high production quality (e.g., great paper, nice binding, ribbon dividers, etc.). I just wish Moleskin would have scaled back the features by about 80% to make the book more flexible. I'd love the top 1/4 of the page given over to bibliographic data, the remaining 3/4s for notes, and flexible divider tabs that can be attached anywhere in the book with blank stickers for labeling them.
464	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for grade schooler

1398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	she loved it, it great item
This is a NEW one, as it says, and it works perfectly.  One might shop around the sites for a slightly less expensive one, just read each offer carefully to make sure you get exactly what you want.  This one was delivered fast in it's sealed container.
Some folks have complained that they can't tell which page they are on because the bookmarks have pictures on both sides.  Well, these have a skull on one side and an arrow in the other side so there is no confusion.
8267	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The kids and I had a blast making cards last month for Christmas and Thank You's. The cards printed out beautifully and saved us a trip to the card shop (and some big $$$ spent there usually). I am going to keep these in stock at home for our card needs. A+
9281	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the wrist rest; comfortable for long periods of time on the computer.
8745	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Feels great under my wrist. Works great with my mouse.
4905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very small, pocket size. Great for artists, excellent quality paper. Very comfortable for writing and drawing on both sides of each page.
1810	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy folders and pretty colors. Great price.

5861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my husband who's a writer. I love Moleskine journals...they just feel great to write in. The quality of this journal is good, and the size is great for traveling with. No complaints!
This calculator is AWESOME. I wished I had bought this during high school/college.
1900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely thrilled to find this address book,and it even has different sections for birthdays and anniversaries. Gave it to a dear elderly friend for
307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super cute! and super small. No lines on the pages and I think any young girl would be pleased to carry this in her purse. Must find a good pen to complete this ensemble.

The stencils are of high quality and I'm happy to keep them until baby is big enough to do her own craft projects and drawing.  Comes in a nice box to store them in as well.
8702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those amazing add on deals. Grab these before they are gone. Gives your forearms the much-needed keyboarding break...
5785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The paper is the prefect size for the Koi Field watercolor set.
1308	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The ink skipped too much for it to be usable. I tried every pen in the pack to check if it was just 1 dud pen. Unfortunately not, so I ended up returning it. I don't recall the pens having distinguishable smells. They smelled pleasant to me in general though.

4585	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good
7246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT
6073	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not impressed with the quality. Which I thought was supposed to be guaranteed. I cannot return , so I lost the money.
3640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A little team spirit!
Buy them and see for yourself....You'll love them to !!
5268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great add-on to Evernote!!
Why have all those choices when they don't make any difference? Unfortunately, I cut into the package before discovering my mistake or I would return it.
The pages are all of a heavy white stock and are printed on both sides.  Most all of the drawings are made up of small spaces that are best colored with pencils.  I also purchased some sets of Prismacolor pencils when I ordered this book.  They work quite well but are expensive compared to standard brands of color pencils.  I am happy with both book and pencils but fight the thought that I'm "wasting time" while feeling rather unproductive coloring.  I do have a sense of satisfaction when I see the finished pictures, or even the colored individual parts, as it takes a lot of time to finish an entire page!


1041	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I received this book of file folder games and it looks like the back cover and several file game pages have been sliced through and ruined with a knife or another type of cutting device.  Sad cause three of the 20 games are ruined.
6385	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for nearly twenty years and have highlighted at least a half dozen Bibles with these. Never bleeds through. I've probably bought at least 6 of these packs only because I lose them ;). I have had a few run out of ink but never too soon. Highly recommend and the only ones I use. I tried the dry pens but could never quite get used to them because they would grab the page and crinkle it up.
  * Operational power consumption (standby)
247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great attention getters. Perfect for younger students
4410	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Helps a lot with finding sections needed
3020	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great post it notes! Makes writing notes FUN!
5239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Expensive but attractive and good for long term storage of notes . I use these because they are more durable than traditional throw away cheap notebooks . They also feel great to write on.

Maybe it seems weird to go on this much about a calculator, but as a math nerd, professional project manager, and meticulous budget-er, I hold my calculators to a high standard.
2226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loved it, and that is all that matters.
3247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was a cute little owl notepad, gave them to my mother, she love them and has used them all.
5021	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I picked this up for keeping track of tasks at work and in my personal life.  This little guy fits demurely in any briefcase and can really take a beating without showing any wear.  I'm looking forward to how it will look after all 18 months of use.  My guess is untarnished.
256	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this with my Kindergarteners as we learn the letters of the alphabet.  Oh how they love these songs!  I love how the flip chart is glossy and allows them to circle letters and after I can easily wipe it off.  The pictures are a great add to the songs.  Great purchase!
525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it daily
My trip to the store can't be any easier!

242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife bought this for her Kindergarten class.
They have a single layer though, so don't expect them to keep anything warm or cool
2) I like the glass lids on the Calphalons, because I can then look inside without having to open the lid.


8655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRICE - SHIPPED FAST
856	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One of the greatest albums I ever heard. Unbelievable songwriting. Instead of ripping off American R&B and Rock artists they truly have their own sound with this album. Even though this wasn't the first concept album, this is the blueprint for all concept albums to follow.
- Numbers (1-10 with plus, minus, multiply and division symbols)
1150	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It leaves my hair soft
Disclaimer: I DID NOT receive this product at a discounted price or free in exchange for an honest review. Being someone who uses customer reviews to extensively guide my own amazon purchases, I review products honestly without being influence by discounts or price. My rating and review of this product would be what the current price listed and not at the discounted price that I was given. As a reviewer, I will happily answer any questions presented to me about this product.
7652	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Did exactly what it was supposed to for physics, calculus, etc. Not what I'd use at work (Go TI36X Pro) but this is the only thing I can use on exams. The TI36X Pro can do definite integrals, vectors, matrices, etc.
5506	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love everything about this notebook! It is the perfect size for keeping in a school bag, the color is wonderful, and the grid is much more functional than regular lined notebooks.
3151	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I was looking for. It's bright and easy to track. My son can work across the room and clearly read the numbers when he is stuck. It has also made counting in 2,4,6,8,10's very simple.

6581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is a busy college student who uses this to organize her life - social,  school and work.  She keeps track of her goals, can look at them when she needs that extra encouragement but also has one place for everything.  She really likes this organizer a lot.
2085	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love it! Looks just as pictured. The tassel has fallen apart but it's fine.
6713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This planner is exactly what I was looking for. I like the size, texture of the notebook and how it categorizes tasks. In the beginning of the planner it even explains the layout and how to prioritize, which I'm hoping will help me this year.
4413	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product that was purchased through Amazon Online.  It is a wonderful supplement to the new Bible I recently purchased and makes the Bible search tasks much much easier.
9986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price and came with extra cartridges.  So really good bargain!
7684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price quick delivery everything I want in a basic function calculator, sturdy work fine after a few months
1090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great for keeping track of reading time.  Kids love them.
578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were just what I needed. They matched perfectly with the blue dates I had from another set.
I just love the way it writes.  The barrel is thin, so if you prefer a larger barrel, then don't buy it.  But a lot of people, myself included, find that the pen writes very smoothly, and it's a joy to use.  And it's beautiful.
1400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very nice calendar with excellent photography. It made a TWD fan very happy.
4004	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave it for gifts and the response was great...they loved the wording on the front and will buy more
8278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculates numbers with the best of em :) It does it's job and is well made. Nothing extravagant or special about it, and am satisfied with the purchase and the price.
4862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All Moleskins are great for sketchbooks.  What else can I say?
9848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use these to label a family members clothing that is in a nursing home, the font is easy to read and holds up well through multiple washings, so far so good.
This notebook has no lines. The quality of the paper is OK. There is some bleed thru depending on what pen you are using. I use a extra-fine fountain pen so there isn't that much ink that goes through.
1999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great for marking my place, or important sections in my textbooks and cookbooks.
3749	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It did its job sufficiently allowing me more free time to complete other tasks. It will serve its purpose well.
5035	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these - they fit in the pocket of my cargo pants and are great for taking notes. Its hardbound so it can take some abuse and will not fall apart.
2185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've always loved this quote. The quality of the bookmark is worth the price.
Does not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavors
9130	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just like the coordinating keyboard wrist rest, this works well to give your wrist some support.  I work at my PC 8 hours/5days.  Keeps its shape, doesn't get spongy or deformed.  Cloth cover is not sticky.  Glad I bought it.
My son uses the Medium - perfect size for even the ring bound version of the handbook (highly recommend the ring bound over the perfect bound for handbooks - spend the extra dollar or two) - and far preferable (to us) to the velcro closure BSA one (that doesn't have room for much else either).
6559	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The hourly spaces are a little smaller than I would have liked in order to make room for everything else on the page. Overall it will do a great job at keeping everything organized.
I will buy again for the price and my in-laws love the photos...
9926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use these all the time and works great with my Dymo printer.  This was my third order for them.
5679	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pretty cheaply made, the notebook has 3 sets of folded papers that are sewn in and held a bit poorly. It's a bit hard to open at first when breaking it in, but after a few days of use I'm able to hold it open comfortably. Overall, I'd rather purchase a larger moleskine with a better made spine for that price.
6453	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are dainty and perfect!  I love them for my very girly bible!  ha  They have held up since 2011
4259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	gift
7761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Its works like it is supposed to work.
9167	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have used this for 6 months and it still looks new. Very comfortable to use. Recommended.
3882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gave these Owl-Themed Salt and Pepper Shakers to a friend who collects Owl-Themed merchandise. She loved them. They are cute and functional. The shipping was prompt. I would purchase from this merchant again.
9444	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	only thing i didn't really like was the shape where the mouse goes i am use to using round one this one narrows my mouse movement since i have a triple screen display i need a more mouse padding but able to adjust to this pad and im loving the cushing is nice and not to bulky  no more wrist pain
7133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One Look At The Palm V Handheld And You'll Know It's Something  Special...Its Sleek Design And Anodized Aluminum Case Appeal To Your Sense  Of Style...Weighing Just 4 Ounces, This Handheld Gives You Room For  Everything In Your Busy Life...The Advanced LCD Screen Is Razor Sharp And  You Can Recharge The Lithium Ion Batteries In The HotSync Cradle In Minutes  A Day - A Full Charge Lasts For Up To A Month...Date Book Application  Access Up To 5 Years Of Appointments...  Address Book Application Holds  Thousands Of Addresses That Are At Your Fingertips...To Do List Application  Keeps Thousand Of To-Do Items Close At Hand...Memo Pad Application Lets You  Jot Down Notes, Compose E-Mail, And More...Download E-Mail From Your  Desktop And Save It There...Expense Application Tracks All Your Expenses In  One Convenient Place...Find Application Lets You Easily Find Names, Dates,  And Places Fast...Palm Desktop Software Allows Use Of Your Palm  Applications Right At Your Desktop...HotSync Cradle Synchronizes All Your  Information With Your Desktop PC At The Touch Of A Button... Memory - 2  MB...Addresses - 6,000...Appointments - 5 Yrs...Memos - 1,500...E-mails -  200...Battery Type - Rechargable Lithium Ion...Battery Life (Based On  Normal Use) - 2+ Weeks Add-Ons Via Derial Port...Integrated Wireless  Internet Access...Display Backlit...
3109	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Really great sense of humor!
9163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Came in as promised. Works very well.

I was required to have these notebooks for an art class, but I will never purchase them again.
Being an Industrial Design major, I wanted something sexy and sleekfor my calculator. Because honestly, good design can be everywhere, and I was sure someone made a sexy calculator. This is that calculator.
I also can vouch for the long battery life. I have used mine a lot over 10+ years and the battery is still chugging!!
-Dishwasher safe
8886	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great quality product. for its price it's even sweeter
2381	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good quality
I bought a metal Zebra pen from Amazon and have been far happier.
7982	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Never seen this much power packed into a scientific calculator before I bought this one.
I used Caran D'Ache Neocolor 2 water soluble wax pastels to test the brush's functionality in the field. I love the convenience of the brush carrying its own water! I tried two methods of painting with these, first drawing with the pastel and going over it with the brush, which worked but was too wet for my liking. Better was picking up the color from the end of the pastel with the brush. This allowed me to have both the color intensity I desired and to dilute as needed. To clean the brush when changing colors was super easy; just squeeze a bit of water through the tip a couple of times and you're good to go. The caps snap on tight and stay put, no concerns about leaking. They come in clear plastic case for transport and storage. I highly recommend these brushes.
3209	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have mine so full that I can't lift it. Best organizational tool I have.

  * 1
8580	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Ordered this calculator expecting there to be flowers on the calculator and instead it was pink and white. Returning it most likely
5576	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this, I keep a slender pen inside and it works great for jotting down ideas and planning my day. It fits easily in my back pocket, I take it everywhere. Highly recommend this calendar.
4218	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality! Beautiful cover. I love this journal!

726	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This item gets better each year.
3311	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Akiana's artwork is beyond compare!
1075	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, no more "mom am I done with my 15 min?". She sets the timer and it goes off when her time is up. Great invention.
6304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	~


2370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great.  Made by (or for) Peter Pauper so they fit my PP pen.  Why is Peter Pauper selling them for 50% more plus S/H?
5706	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	They're gorgeous and light and I'm very happy with my purchase. In fact, I bought these in red and I'm looking forward to them. However, these did arrive bent on one corner which was rather disappointing.
So far, I'm pretty happy in the Moleskine. The quality and the texture of the paper isn't particularly excellent for the price though; production in China is not up to par there.  If you pay a premium price for a Notebook, you should expect premium paper, so look for these on sale.

9.  METAL SPINE: Pages lay perfectly flat and normal sized-pen is easily insertable.
Water, Pelargonium Graveolens (Rose Geranium) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract*, Salvia Sclarea (Clary) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract*, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, PEG-120 Methyl Glucose Dioleate, Decyl Glucoside, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Extract*, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract*, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Extract, Vaccinium Macrocarpon (Cranberry) Fruit Extract*, Punica Granatum (Pomegranate) Fruit Extract*, Euterpe Oleracea (Acai) Fruit Oil*, Actinid
These cards are high quality and look expensive, so they would be great for any classy occasion. These Thank You Cards would be great for anyone to have on hand for when they want to drop someone a thank you note.  They would also be perfect for wedding showers, baby showers, weddings, teachers or businesses.
We recommend using Avery Address Labels to give your cards a professional touch. The entire line of Avery Address Labels is available at www. Avery.com/Labels. Browse through them to find the appropriate address label for your project.
4053	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a solid little multi-tool.  It doesn't have everything, but you don't really need everything.  Definitely a good compromise of size/weight and available tools.

3838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful way to serve olives Mediterranean style - pits in. The little side section is perfect to catch those olive pits.
6079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits my purse, and very convenient to have on hand.
5323	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Ink easily bleeds through paper- wouldn't expect that for the price.

The material is really really durable. And its also a real cute thing to gift.

9933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good product love it
12	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful
8482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son needed this calculator for school and it is working great and is just what he needed!  Thanks so much!
872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am totally addicted to anything Downton Abbey and so I was extremely happy to receive my 2016 Downton Abbey calendar. I haven't opened it yet. I don't want to spoil watching season 6. I don't want any spoilers.
6870	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love cross pens, when I lost my original pen I had to replace it. Love the feel of the pen in my hand and it writes well.
9736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed to carry a sign in sheet and name tags to our dance class.  This case gives me what I needed to keep everything handy in one case along with a spot for a pen.  Everything handy in one spot.
They are also hard to press.
9994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
7033	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I should have listened to the other reviews. This calendar is cheap junk. It is made of card stock just glued together with a thin magnetic layer inside. Mine arrived with the entire left side separated, which meant that no magnets would stick at all to the left side of the calendar. After gluing it closed, there was still a section in which magnets would not stick and would slide to the bottom. It's just pure garbage. I returned it and bought a pocket calendar by patch products which will last for years!
6741	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I used this for my first year of law school. It didn't quite give me enough space to write my homework and work/school hours in for one week. I made it work though.  Next year I will get a larger one.
5517	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always been a fan of Moleskine notebooks, but this team up with Evernote was a no-brainer. Been waiting for this to come out for months and finally got one. I use it almost everyday.
The paper is very thin and asborbs liquid, so ink will feather and bleed.  It is also poor for artwork, except for maybe sketching.
3998	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Five stars for the concept. I hope I never have to find out if they work. I gave one to my son and kept one for myself, which I keep in my car.
PROS:

a very comfortable sketchbook.
So, batteries. NO, it does not explain how to change them in EVERY manual. At least it does not in this one. It only says that the batteries should last a lifetime. Okay, to change the batteries you need to remove all 6 very small Philips-head screws from the back of the case,(I recommend a set of jeweler's screw drivers) and pry it open. The two button cells are located between the display and what would be the "top" of the case as you would hold it to operate it. In this case they were GPA76. I substituted LR44 (laser pointer batteries) because they are basically the same battery, though some may argue the LR44 has marginally higher capacity due to it's marginal increase in thickness. I found the batteries here died due to shelf life. (After three years, alkaline batteries tend to die and or leak. A single lithium button cell such as the high-capacity CR2032 is a good idea due to the 10 year shelf life.) One was still usable but I replaced both of them. One had corroded, causing the lack of current flow, so I had to scrape the corrosion off the one contact - look out for that and you should probably test the unit before closing the case.
2743	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a lot smaller than I thought they would be, but they are cute and I like the color.

Great for writing with fountain pen.
4755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice like you would expect from Moleskin. They are small, nice for tucking in your purse.
Thanks, Amazon, for the variety of kitchenware you have available, and the 4-3 and free super-saver shipping offers!
9890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love these for making labels but clear is not too good as it's hard to see on dark items

It is definitely worth the price
6721	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this twice, once from a Christian bookstore locally and this last time when I bought my son his Bible.  My kids love these tabs.  They are easy to put on and cute.  Though, if the pages are thin, you may have to reinforce the pages with tape.
880	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map proved to be perfect for our needs.  It shows all the Interstate Highways.  It shows all the National Parks.  It shows US highways.  It shows state capitals.  It has shading to show mountains.  All the features like parks and roads are shown in good logical colors (not all white like some other maps).  Excellent balance of as much detail as possible, without being cluttered.
8462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves the paper! She uses on her easel for coloring, markers, paints, stickers- all kinds of fun stuff!
4501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this very high quality and holds alot!
If you are looking for a good notebook, one which will serve you well for a long time, there is no need to look any further than Moleskine!
(Engineering major)

I really like the size of the tabs, as I'm using on a very large bible, but they don't extend past the cover length.  Be careful that you don't tape two pages together.  I did that 3 times and had to gently peal them back.  This works if you are careful.
3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to do single labels without printing an entire page of the same label);
6957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave these to the male Grads this year. A great tool for upcoming college classes. The gift was well received by all. Stylish and mature looking.
6464	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great planner, all the information tracking I was looking for.
2636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this thing every day for work. Even though the columns are a little narrow - it's great for tracking tasks and writing notes. The humor is great too.
1989	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	work great for me to keep chapters in my school books separated.
9253	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love this mouse pad. i've been using the same one for years. I seek out this exact same one every time I need to replace a mouse pad.
They do take a while to do well... it took me an hour and a half to get all the tabs placed properly,
2325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great price and super fast delivery

1080	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect gift for any age group

6090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter bought this to make a doodle-kind of journal.  She loves it.
5509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Write and follow the lines. Thanks to the book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Revenge-of-Analog-Real-Things-and-Why-They-Matter/dp/1610395719/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Revenge of Analog: Real Things and Why They Matter</a>
2276	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5 stars
9318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	easy to learn. great youtube videos out there to help
1025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a middle school special ed teacher.  This planner works well for our 7 period day and afterschool meetings.  It has plenty of room for me to record the big concepts as well as notes about various students throughout the day,  The lines keep everything neat and the ability to create my own size columns is a plus too.  This will be my 2nd year using this lesson planner.
We need all the light we can get when the power goes out.
9466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this so much, I bought 2! It saves my wrist and really helps with using a mouse. Great product!

2539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everyone who walks into my home comments on this map I have hanging on the wall. The colors are great and the size is great, makes quite a statement in addition to being easy to read and find things. I'm very happy with it.

7039	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I cannot understand why some customers are complaining about this product  costing less than twenty bucks!
8207	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is the only brand I use.  Avery has a web site also where you can print cards. I like all other Avery products also as their number system corresponds with my Print Explosion software.
Overall, I'm well-pleased with this.  Those of you with average-sized hands and with an ordinarily flat workspace will be very happy indeed.
1667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very useful small magnetic bookmarks.  I thought I would like the longer ones, but these work much better for paperbacks or any book that has thinner pages.  You don't have to worry about them tearing the page.
  * Envelope sizes
Provides excellent wrist support
*hint* get the hot mess citations as the counterparts...
4847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed a lab book for my Modern Physics class, and had used this crappy spiral bound notebook I got from the bookstore on campus for a whopping 20$ in my previous Experimental class. (I had forgotten to buy it and needed it that day.) This thing is 100% superior in every way!
9027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This gel mouse pad does what it says it does which is reduce the pains of resting my wrist on my table. It's comfy but sometimes I find the resting gel pad thing to get in the way of my mouse but it takes time to get use to. It doesn't limit the range like I originally thought and so, that is the great thing about it all.
7055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome, lasts forever!
6875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great pen

7746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First off, let me say that many of the reviews that compare the present-day models to the original models falsely portray today's 12c as flimsy and ready to fall apart at the slightest brush of a finger.  The fact of the matter is that in spite of the redesign to reduce costs and moves to Malaysia and China, today's 12c is still far sturdier than most other calculators on the market.  The keys, even with painted-on characters, are made of tough plastic and feel rock-solid, which is more than can be said for nearly all other calculators.  Truly, the only recent calculators I consider to be better built are the higher-end Texas Instruments graphing scientific calculators like the TI86 and other renowned HP calculators like the 17BII.
3567	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
2620	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun an useful gift!
4180	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and functional!
1264	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big hit with the kids! The back of the notebook is super cute, as well.
5215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the similar to Moleskine, yet less costly, Piccadilly journals for a few years and just got 128 Moleskines in various sizes. I thought I was moving to a higher quality brand since the cover is made out of premium Mole testicle hide. Piccadilly journals are quite adequate and very affordable.
1525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They do what they are supposed to do. And much cheaper than at Lowes!
7220	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good product. Would get it again. Priced well and a lot cheaper than office supply stores. Product shipped fast and would get again.
4. Keep my grocery buy list inside the cover. (I write small and use both sides of paper and use 4 pieces of paper)  I NEVER lose my lists now.
Easy to clean when not abused or misused
And it was.  Many thought it was the first album with a theme (although Brian Wilson's "Pet Sounds" beat the Beatles to that punch). And "the boys" continued to show influences as far flung as British music-hall and Indian classical music.  Put together, it was nothing less than delightful.  And just think, it was sixty years ago today, or something like that....
4821	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	We recently found out I'm pregnant, and I bought this journal because I love regular moleskine journals so I thought it would be fun.  And it does say it's for during pregnancy too, so it seemed appropriate.
9759	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace an identical stapler that was misplaced. This one is as good as the last.
779	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is a Game of Thrones fan.  She loves it.
7509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this as an incentive in my seventh grade math class. You can't imagine how hard they worked for a chance to own their own calculator! This model is approved for use in our state tests.
421	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was stunned to see the prices of larger maps when I needed additional classroom maps.  I looked around and found these and took a chance, buying two. I could not be more pleased.  One hangs out in the corridor and we pin postcards to it as a part of a year-long project, the other is on a pull-down screen in my room. Can't beat the price.
4618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Tons of stencils! My 5 year old loves these and is always tracing something new!

7233	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this printer toner at a discount thinking I would save some money.  Much to my dismay this cartridge leaves blotches, splotches and random dots of toner on all my documents to the point of being useless.  I now know to ask in advance of any purchase when is the cartridge's date of manufacture.  All the HP discounted cartridges I have bought on Amazon have been defective and old merchandise.
3844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I desperately needed this as my other mat was really cut bad.  None of my local stores carry this so once again, I could depend on Amazon to have it!!!

4186	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice, also sturdy. There seven pages in the back for writing notes, Quite handy.
6131	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bullet Journal, perfection.
9529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Has eased the stress on my wrist, has proven itself to be very durable, is the perfect size and is a great value. I have tried others, but this is the best one for me!
9743	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	this clipboard works great. i work in a poultry production plant and use this clipboard to hold my various spreadsheets and forms. the little compartment in the front works great for my sharpies, highlighters and pens.
9137	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My typing teacher would slap my wrists for not having them elevated, not resting on the keyboard or mouse. Well if you're a bad student as well, you will love this mouse pad!  Let's your wrist sit at the perfect angle to maneuver your mouse.

7765	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great calculator overall. It is good for simple problems and equations and also for more complex problems. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a good functioning calculator.
3511	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use the timer to alert me when something is done cooking. I use the other to remind me towel around every 1/2 hr. when reading or watching TV.
9486	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this thing I use it every day for hours on end !! It hasn't lost its gel feel yet  its perfect for daily use !! comforms perfectly to my wrist and its nice and soft. I will definitely buy again IF it wears out. I think that's gunna be a while though :)
Life is all about "Impressions that count"
3681	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought these as kitchen shears and they work great for kitchen use. Even cutting chicken bones! Then we laid vinyl floor tiles and needed something to trim them. Since these weren't expensive I thought what the heck, let's try them. We ended up using them to complete the whole flooring job, and they even cleaned up well and retained enough sharpness to return to kitchen use. I've since bought my hubs a pair for his toolbox and second kitchen pair to have on hand. Can't beat them for the price!
783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift so I can't go into detail, but it was well received, so, 5 stars.
6215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These have been my travel pocket notebooks for decades.  Brown cover, stitching binding, and paper pages are the highest quality.  I use them for all my foreign trips to pre recording references like exchange rates, climate date, metric and centigrade conversions, language tips, "identify the body" tips, insurance info, and quick glance itinerary.  Then during the trip I record favorite places to sleep, dine,etc.  Nice little pocket in the back of the journal for business cards.  Quicker for on the run reference than my phone, and doesn't have be recharged every night!
Great quality, though, as always.

5438	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this particular planner for years. It has a weekly planner on the left page and lined pages on the right. The planner page has ample room to make note of appointments, kids' practices, or whatever fantastic plans you need to track. The lined pages on the right are perfect for jotting down notes, lists, thoughts...doodles.

7258	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Paper

6566	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is helping my high schooler keep himself organized.  He was looking for a lot of daily writing space, and lines are a must.  This was the only one that fit the bill, and he's very happy with it!
7600	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I paid for!
6210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second waercolor book and I am really happy with anything Moleskine
4875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What's not to love about Moleskine? I love the smoothness of the paper. Fountain pen ink and gel pens bleed through, but since I now journal with a pencil, this paper is perfect. I've tried other journals, but I keep coming back to Moleskin. You get what you paid for, as the saying goes!
4848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful notebook

6855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great fountain pen!
348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is vividly colored, is made of fairly good quality paper (though is still easy to tear), and is much larger than I anticipated when I impulsively bought it on here. I find it very useful and highly recommend owning this map, especially if you live in this country!
4600	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I liked this set because you got a wide variety of stencils. The handle on the box broke within a month of use. Otherwise, this is a good set for a classroom or family.
*****
3192	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	works as promised
7958	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was able to find the calculator that the math teacher wanted the daughter to have for HS math. Even better it is in pink.

3410	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect classroom addition!
- Summer
When I looked at a Linda Eastman McCartney photo of the Beatles that hangs in the shop where I get my hair cut, it struck me that two of the four are now gone. How sad that is. How wonderful to have this cd to enjoy their music. I love this album.
Below I list details of this addressbook:
7852	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described, and exactly what I needed.  Thanks!
4444	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Excited to use these this year. Only real down side is that it doesn't come with pre cut slits for putting it on. Instead you'll need to staple the ends together to form the crown.
1454	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these for my notes and journaling
Con:
5634	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Being a Gen Xer, I straddle the divide between the total luddites who distrust digital information and the younger generation that's probably comfortable with never turning pages.  I like the feel of paper books, but I also see the value in digital technology.
2992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pad is really a hoot. The pad is 4 x 5.2 x .2 inches, so a little smaller than you might expect. However the fun you will have with it is great!


6982	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The pencil didn't work, and my husband decided he wanted me to return the set.  Since this was a present, I was late returning the set and got only a partial refund.  My fault for not thinking ahead about the return policy, but a big disappointment.  It made a special time a big let down.
One star is deducted because of the missing protective bag or case but the remaining 4 stars are well earned for a thing of exquisite beauty.
2842	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Knock knock pads are my life! They are made of sturdy and bright paper and are perfect for everyday organizing!
7004	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have had this pencil since 1992 when I was in middle school.  I used it during all of my college time and beyond.  It still works like new nearly 20 years later.  The surface does get scratches on it over time but that is to be expected.  I would suggest buying a separate eraser and not using the built in one simply because it is cheaper to buy erasers than refill erasers for the pencil.  You can buy 3rd party lead refills and load them into the pencil from the front.
5971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these to make custom journals and sketchbooks. I wanted a blank, sturdy cover to handle not only gesso but acrylic paints, transfers, and mediums as well. This notebook has exactly that, and this is one of the most durable non-hardback notebooks I've seen yet. The back cover is actually a folder/flap to hold papers (which easily tear out of parts of the book).
3242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pouch is very convenient and will help to keep my posters and bulletin board materials organized. Durable as well.
7620	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good handheld calculator for the price.  Even though I do like this product and the price, I should have ordered the next model up which is solar powered for a little more cost.  However, I an still very satisfied with this calculator.
6709	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A week into the new year, and I like this so far. I have a lot of work appointments and a busy family to manage, and the various lists and hour-by-hour daily calendar seem to be a great method. I intended to go through the first 15-or-so pages, but ran out of steam. There's a bit of self-help workbook stuff there, and it guides you through assessment and goal-setting. I'm going to try to go back and work through that because I think anything that helps me focus and work/live better is worth a shot.
9489	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	One star is for how well my laser mouse tracks and how smooth it is for my pinkie sliding on it.

5146	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	My last three Moleskines all had manufacturing quality issues. My new one, less than a day in use, just came apart at the binding. On my previous one, the ribbon came out about half way through, and the quality of the outer material was noticeably lower than on previous books. I'm getting the distinct impression that with the rise in popularity the quality is taking a nose-dive, and that what I'm getting now when ordering a Moleskine is no longer worth the price. Based on my recent experience, I was already weary before placing this order, and I'm pretty disappointed by what's happened to what used to be an exceptional item. Time to look elsewhere for high-quality notebooks.

1664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good price for basic handy little sketch books
5406	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	a moleskine is a moleskine. this special edition is nice but it doesn't really separate it from any other moleskins out there.

4802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	these things are awesome. the paper is nice, the cover is nice. it's an unusual size for american sizes..A4 a u.k.and a european size.

7879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fits in unit very well same as original works almost as well as my ink jet printer.
1123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Put to the use.
With the construction and quality put into this bookmark you are definitely getting your money's worth here. A bookmark like this would make an excellent gift, or even be great for a collection.
903	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We've traveled a lot, and wanted a large map to remind us where we've been. This one is not too big, but big enough to be easy to use for this purpose. Plus, it's beautiful, hanging on the wall.
9559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For reference my keyboard and mouse rest directly on my desk top (not in a tray), so I wanted something to lift my wrist above the wooden edge of the desk. Although I use my computer for hours every day I no longer have a mouse callus and my desk, now almost two years old, has no wear spots from my mouse where my old one did.

2139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice bookmark with quotes of wisdom
6850	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Looks good but a little expensive!
9616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had this for 10 years and it help up great before getting a little too soft. They changed the new model slightly with the material used but I like it better. Its important to have proper support when doing such unnatural work. This does the job.
7022	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Before you buy, be sure to check where the pen was made. I have a number of older Cross pens that say "USA" near the top, and they are great pens. However, I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made, and they are of inferior quality. The top and bottom halves are loose, and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap. The first one I got, I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their "lifetime guarantee," only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a "handling fee" attached.
9641	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	After 3 years in the CFA program, I finally passed the third test to receive the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2011.  I will give both of my TIBA2P's a combined 5% of the credit.  For those of you familiar with the test, that is equal to the topic weight of Portfolio and Wealth Management on Level 1.  Is that relevant to this review?  Not really.
The only negative I have to say is that this packet used to come with 25 cards and envelopes (my old box reads: "5 more cards! Now with 25 cards."). I really wish Avery had kept the pack at a larger size and not taken it back down to 20. The actual product is great, though, and something I use frequently.
While I consider this album to be the number one album of all time, it is hopelessly mired in that alternative consciousness of the '60s.  It has not aged as well as the White Album, Abbey Road or even the Phil Spectorized "Let it Be."  Still, it is great listening.  I just hope they release it soon on SACD or DVD-Audio.

4823	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this, very durable and well made. Also the paper quality is great. When this one fills up i will buy another.

E.g.: 110 [Tax+]
I'm really happy with this wrist/mouse pad.  I spend a lot of time on the computers at home and at work.  I had a frozen right shoulder from not having good wrist support and from working with the mouse in the wrong position.  I was in screaming pain about about a year.  This mousepad helped by providing good wrist support which lowered the stress on my shoulder.  I wore out the first Belkin gel pad, and am now on my second.
3822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Perfect for my perfectly orange interview outfit, which includes my orange briefcase and orange example portfolios!
8012	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	School
Cons: Heavy paper, hard cover, and the perfect size to fit in my back pocket.
3792	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice easy to hold water bottle

2275	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The celtic knots lettering and beadwork are awesome. Must have for those with Celtic Pride!
2409	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	smaller then i expect, but it's a good quality book

1424	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a Christmas gift for a friend
9346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used this same product for several years, and was looking to replace it.  Glad they still make it, and I bought several to have available for different locations without having to move it from place to place.  The gel portion is VERY comfortable, and supports the wrist very well.  I highly recommend it.  The Logitech "mouses" I use on it work well.

7380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this Texas Instruments Standard calculator.  I had another one that I used for about 25 years and it died.  I wonder why?  lol  Anyway, I needed a simple, everyday calculator, so I bit the dust and bought this one.  I love the spacing of the keys.  I'm elderly and my fingers and eyes don't work as well as they used to.  I can see the numerals and find the keys, and the answers are right!!  I highly recommend it if you want a simple, basic calculator.
The chevron pattern is fun and the color sophisticated.
5087	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is simply the best!
2486	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace a blank cookbook gifted to me. It's so much better, it lays flat which makes it easier to write recipes in. There's plenty of space for notes (I tend to tweak my recipes as I go). And I love the plastic cover and back, makes me worry less about it in the kitchen.
  * Expansion slot(s) total (free)
901	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	NOT LAMINATED!! Multiple reviews state that this map is laminated but it is NOT laminated. Otherwise it is a great and very detailed map.
2858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeps Me Organized!
i usually find i have to keep mines on the lowest grind setting which is 0 - to get a fine enough grind - some machines - may choke on a very fine grind -  but if i go less fine -  the shot will not come out as good - too weak for my taste -  beans also make a difference - some need it finer - some maybe you can back off a bit -
5266	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great
2634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There's a Knock Knock pad for just about any occasion, any need and anyone if - like me - who still opt for paper over electronics even in this digital age. I can't sing the praises of these assorted notepads enough because, while some of them don't appeal to be because of the language or use, the overall product is nothing short of fabulous. Whether you keep it on the fridge for daily use or elsewhere - depending on which one(s) you've got - these notepads are absolutely awesome. I personally have a bunch of them for various needs, ranging from the basic to do through packing lists, and they've never let me down. The colors are vibrant, the paper is excellent quality and all I can say is that I hope they never change their product line except to add more styles!
5849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I guess Bezos, or Moleskine were guilted into cutting the price for Christmas...anyway, I love these for all sorts of writing so I'll use them as long as I can afford to
6611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the one! If you like GTD or just like to be organized and have lots of small tasks this is the one you have been looking for! I just purchased a new moleskine 2015 planner for 50% more & then this but when I saw this I knew or was what I ALWAYS have been looking for! So pleased!
1297	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife likes these pens
8735	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	It is ok in comfort - but stinks of rubber/foam/plastic???

6228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These have been my work journals for more than ten years.  Worth the cost to work with something of quality all day long.
8216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All the functions and the options to perform fractions and the quadratic and cubic solvers are wonderful.  I bet there are many more functions I haven't yet unlocked that could be very helpful in my studies!
6302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a long time Moleskine user. This notebook is perfect to carry in your back pocket and make notes into as you work. The pages are easily flipped and the backing is tough enough to support your writing while holding it in your hand. All types of writing pens will work well except a permanent marker like a Sharpie (which will bleed through the page). I also like the notebook because it will not easily fall apart like spiral bound notebooks.
Some have complain about an order of operations error. I've been able to deliberately replicate it, but I've otherwise never had an issue while using it.
6740	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	perfect
8838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding!
7635	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This does its job and it works extremely well for a ninth grader taking algebra

3737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased thus box of 2 replacement heads when I  purchased the brush about a year ago. I just changed the head for the second time in the past year, so that's about 3 brush heads a year (since it came with one). I think that this is a pretty good deal, as I hate throwing away perfectly good brushes when really the head just needs replacing.
5623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift.  My daughter likes this one in particular because it also has space for notes.
Great for Contracts.
6913	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good writing instrument, nice balance and the ink flows smoothly. My pen has a slight aberration at the joint where you twist the barrel, perhaps a manufacturing defect, hardly noticeable. I like the black color and the textured finish gives a better grip than the shiny chrome version.
My next pocket notebook will be&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scout-Books-DIY-Lined-Notebook-12-Pack-3-5-x-5/dp/1937852377/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scout Books DIY Lined Notebook 12 Pack (3.5" x 5")</a>&nbsp;with the dot-grid pages. I hear their paper is quite good. Slightly cheaper, too, if you buy them by the dozen.
CONCLUSION
2819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Knock Knock products in general, but this is a great pad.  I use it weekly at work to organize my tasks.
7763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a teacher and I buy scientific calculators for my classes' use. This one has always been a favorite of mine. It is sturdy so many hyperactive fingers trying to pry off calculator buttons are not usually enough to mar it. The buttons also do not wear so ten years later, after many button presses, you can still read the button. The one con is that with the cover, it is too thick to fit in my caddy which holds sets of ten calculators each. But 30 years ago I used this calculator (or the one that is similar with a slightly different model number) and not only is it great still, but it has many features that others don't have. It has three memories, a stat feature which allows you to enter a list of numbers and get the mean, median, mode, standard deviation and other stuff.  Not quite enough for an AP Stat course but enough for a nice basic course which includes stats.  It has the usual trig and log functions, and they are entered "backwards" as many are, as sin30 is entered 30sin. This is a nice and relatively inexpensive and STURDY calculator.
4923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't write in anything else.  I actually hand write at the top of each page the day & date for it is my daily log

1882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
5060	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected.
902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous! Love it!
8224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, as expected.

662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So pretty!  I am giving this as a bridal shower gift.  Love the recipe cards that come with it.
2315	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice address book.
I'm packed and ready to go in seconds.
Some things to know about this brush and the replacement heads:
THE top notch flip top pocket note pad for people who really care about their notes. Great size, construction and usability, high quality paper and cover-board, dandy elastic to keep it all civilized. If you just need a throw away pad for notes you will dispose of quickly, this is probably more than you need. Get a $.50 model and be on your way.  BUT ... if you want a great note book for those notes you intend to keep around for a long while, this is the class act of the pocket pad, flip top market.
On to Sgt Pepper-- This is a real fine copy, and the sound is rich, warm and full. What really pops out at you is the quality of the bass response. Plentiful, not muddy sounding and tight. It truly make the experience complete.
4663	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for a friend and they loved it.  I've purchased other Moleskine products in the past and have been very satisfied with their products.
1573	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Splendid.

2579	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like the ideas presented in this magazine. I find it inspirational
6786	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Given as a gift for St Valentine's Day. My girlfriend was just over the moon upon seeing it! She's still in love with it, years later.
6069	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used these for years. Great for writing down thoughts that just come to you out of no where.
1088	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Too much trouble.
This product was provided to me in promotion for my honest and unbiased review.
7822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Get them while they last.  The Canon BJC series printers just keep on working.

6268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used these in a leather cover to make myself a Bullet Journal. Nice, quality paper. Holds up well to wear and tear, and I can use nearly any pen.
4764	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Super small books, but great for little notes when at work.
5824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These books are small, handy and fit in your pocket. I used them to create some artwork in the front and the material is great.
7418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son loves the bright blue color and I love the price!  Great buy!
There also doesn't actually seem to be any gel in the wrist rest - just hard foam rubber. On the old one, you could feel the gel squishing around in the wrist rest.
2368	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good value.
8653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Still good.
 GED test, algebra, geometry, trigonometry, algebra II, calculus, physics, and chemistry.
9631	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This mouse pad was exactly what I'd expected.  I like that the wrist support is attached to the mouse pad and the type of material that is used on the surface.  I would recommend this and would buy it again.
4011	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to my art supplies
9057	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this along with the Keyboard wrist pad. Absolutely love it. Helps prop your wrist up at the right spot and makes using a mouse so much more comfortable.
8399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got for my son for advanced math.  The instructor did not want them using their TI - 89 so he recommended this one.  Great price and was received in just a few days.  Don't spend your time going to the stores...just get this one!
4668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was thrilled to receive this box set of Moleskein Daily Planners. Each month is a different colour, and they are a great size for ease of use. Here is a little info about the set:
9666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was having wrist problems, so I got this mousepad.  It supports my wrist as I use the mouse.  It is comfortable.  It did take me about an hour to get used to it.  Now I have used it for several days and my wrist feels much better.  It's a keeper for me.
1936	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	While these notebooks are pricier than I would prefer, I still like them to use at work. For the most part they are pretty sturdy. This is the third one I have purchased. The first one I bought lasted a little over a year until I dropped it and the binding in the back tore. The second one I purchased lasted for for over a year until I filled out every page. I particularly like the graph paper versions. My job requires the occasional construction sketch. If you like keeping a dedicated work notebook then these are an excellent choice. If the price was a little cheaper I would have no problem giving them a 5 out of 5.
6060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite sketch book, will handle acrylic, light washes of water, any dry medium.  Love it!
6114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was getting sick of writing stuff down on random pieces of paper, to be later forgotton about or scattered in a pile in my desk or buried in my daytimers style wallet. So I'm slowly training myself to jot down all notes on the go with this book. It is solidly made and if you write small it will last a long time!  haha  Have you ever tried giving yourself a voice memo or your phone or whatever? Big hassle most times just to punch the right buttons. Obviously nicer is you are on the road in a car and unable to write, but for walking about... if you get an idea or want to remind yourself of something - or if you are say listening to a podcast while walking the dogs and you hear about something you want to look into further - a movie, a comedy show, a musician, a website, a book, a .... (OK I'll stop -you get the idea) this comes in real handy.  The come in a package of 2 and I (perhaps dumbly) am using both in two different contexts/scenarios. Still "in training" but am not writing stuff down on random pieces of paper as much as I used to ! Yeah!

9355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works wonderful!
3499	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great on my color treated hair. Cleans without stripping out the color. Effective and gentle. Very happy with this shampoo and conditioner.
2207	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This bookmark is beautifully printed.  The design is crisp and very detailed!  The tassel is a nice touch and matches the colors of the print well.  I use this while reading survival adventure novels and it only feels right, but I wish it were a bit thicker.  Being careful and using the protective sleeve, this bookmark should last good a long time.  I also wish that the print were on both sides.. but still not bad for a unique inexpensive bookmark..

1019	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The inside is kind of cute, but had I seen it before I ordered it, I would have skipped it.
Seems like the more technologically advanced we get the shorter the appliances last-
The wheel is simple too, yet look how useful it is.  This is a wise investment.

4831	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this notebook for jotting down ideas and other notes. This is a high-quality notebook, would recommend.
5302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best hard bound notebook around.


3875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this paper for everything...

4212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use these daily so I often order several to have on hand. I love the fact that they lay flat and have GREAT scripture references at the bottom of each page. They often BLESS me and seem to be just what I need for that day! I am a daily prayer journaler so I go through a lot of them.
4878	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I plan to use this to make watercolor sketches as I travel to distant places where I can not bring all my other material with me.
6663	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are perfect and I don't know how I managed so long without them. Will buy again. thanks!

Pros for this product:

This is like a real version of Goodreads, and it is a great way to keep track of your readings. TRY IT!
I am very particular about my organizer and this one fits the bill.
7363	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this because I was under the impression that the TI-92 would be more advanced than the TI-89.  Nope.
8123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like to make cards on the computer with a "certain card manufactuer" program. These work well and are less expensive than the other brand.
4839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's the best idea for a baby journal from Moleskine. You can have all the information for you're kid. All in one place, feeding, doctor appoim, weight, special momments. I love it!! Highly recommend for first time's parents!

7752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the top Financial Calculator going.  The last of a series of calculators introduced in the 80's that included the 10c, 11c 12c, 15c and 16c.
216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We love Peppa Pig!
  * 3, 1
3734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best eye shades I've found - Bucky products are great!
2361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very attractive yet durable product that is extremely useful.  I have also purchased this item and other bookmarks of this type as gifts for family members, and they too love this product!!!!!
2596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was trying to choose between a few books - all looked good but just had money for one right now!  I am glad I chose this one - I love the simplicity in the way she presents information and the way lessons build.  Sure, anything goes, and I've done some fun pages but this takes it a step further and painlessly instructs as to why and when to use techniques.  Great inspiration!  Can't wait to start working through it again with an open journal and my tools at the ready!
3799	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my master's thesis and it worked well.  This paper is the same type as the "thesis" paper also sold, but there are twice as many pieces of paper in this box than the thesis box.  So for the money, get this.  I was able to print out four copies in this one box, rather than buy multiple  boxes with fewer sheets (that cost more).

6577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best planner I have ever had. As an online homeschooled student on two sports teams and taking dual enrollment courses as well as my high school courses, the hourly planning layout is awesome. I am super type a and love to do lists, and the one along the edge of the left page is super helpful. it also has a monthly calendar in the beginning of the planner, and this is great for an overview of your schedule's big events. overall, if you are as type A as I am, this is a good planner
Conclusion:
8953	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it works
8982	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it, little harder then I expected but not enough to turn it back. Does help keeping my hand level.
The quality of the paper does seem to be slightly inconsistent within a single page--sometimes the bottom of the page will feel a little bit rougher than the top. However, I can still write just fine on all parts of it, so this is only a minor issue, and it only shows in a few places.
747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calendar. The boxes are big enough to write notes and the pocket for each month is so helpful- this way you don't have to clutter up the fridge with notes. I like the primitive pics and buy a new one every year.
8412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
3904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This thing is big, holds a spiral bound notebook or a regular 8.5x11 pad, with enough pockets for ID badges, business cards, magazines, etc. There is one 'gadget pocket' for a cell phone or MP3 player or small camera; it closes with a velcro flap. One other pocket has a zipper; I use that one for secure ID tags and the like. The portfolio is big enough to replace my briefcase. but small enough to fit into a computer bag. It's very well made and the outer zipper makes it much more secure than a normal padfolio.
2524	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice map.  We wanted it to decide on a trip and it is working really well.  I like it.
Cons: These are extremely subjective to my personal use, so take them with a grain of salt!
8470	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a good run of the mill scientific calculator. It's a pretty standard calculator for any education level as far as academic use goes. The Lime Green finish is nice too.

I checked out Knock Knocks website and it has some fun items.
648	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As described, Fast shipment. thank you
7456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calculator, I had to buy it for my state exam.  It comes with a detailed manual which helped me for the exam.  Trust this HP brand, it's well worth the money spent.
3686	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Smaller that I had expected, but my own fault for not reading the description. A great gift for you girl friends or yourself, all scents are great without being overpowering.
682	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Here's details on what's inside this attractive binder. Eight tabs for Fruits/Vegetables; Breads/Pasta; Eggs/Dairy; Soup/Salad; Meats/Poultry; Fish/Seafood; Desserts, and Beverages subdivide the contents. 8.5 x 11 inch paper, with double-sides printed, allows 120 recipes. (A PDF site enables one to print out more than this if needed).
- Family
- Fall
P.S. I ALSO OWN THE 6X8!!!
971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is beautiful!  My kids can read it as well which is nice that it can still function as a map.
3003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was delighted when I happened across this product.  I plan to use it to send to my daughter in letters and packages to give her self-doubt a little boost when she is feeling down.  I may even have to use on on myself every once in a while!
3942	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I read my students the Bucket Filling Book and used this to have my students collect their tickets for weekly prize drawings for bucket filling rewards. I used tape over the buckets to write their names so that I could use it again in the future though I think if I could have laminated them that would have worked better. Mine did not come with the top label part but I was able to find something easily to make and slide into the top. Great buy for any classroom!
* Overall construction and quality- Excellent. The cover us a hard cover that has a slightly textured material (washable with damp cloth). The cover is hard and sturdy with an elastic closure.
As for the pocket, I'd have been happier (so happy I wouldn't carp at the price) if it had been a spine pocket with a small flanged pencil in it, like diaries of my childhood used to have, so that when the urge or need to write came upon me I wouldn't have to look for something to write *with* as well as something to write on.
I used this calculator for over 10 years before it finally stopped working, and I treated it fairly roughly (e.g.,coffe spills).  I think others here have attested to the functionality of the TI-30, so I just want to emphasize that it's a tough little gadget as well. Yes, the buttons are on the small side and there is a bit of play, but this was never a major problem (although at times it slows down data entry). You can go to [...] for a good overview of TI calculators, and you can scope out one of TI's major competitors at [...]

6467	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I thought this offered both daily and monthly views, but it only offers a "weekly" view, which I thought should have been made more clear in the product description.  The only thing I had to go on was the .jpg images of the pages which were too tiny to fully see, they looked like my old Franklin Covey daily pages so I 'assumed' (my bad, I should have asked first) that what I was seeing were daily page views, nope, just weekly.  On the other hand, because this is spiral bound, the book would be pretty heavy to carry around if the entire year were in there with daily page views.  For $20 its the best I could find.  On the plus side, there is a column for appointments, and a column for "to do" lists, easy enough to carry around, good size, quality covers and binding considering its spiral bound.  Down side, no daily view pages, can't remove or insert new pages due to lack of ring type binding, monthly view pages are too tiny to be useful at all and pages are very thin/see-through (ie. can't use dark ink on these pages).  Forget about the goal planning pages, worthless.

4196	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute
4640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have two pre school grandchildren who love to draw and paint,this will be great for them to use the stencils to make designs,they are plastic and washable so they will last awhile.
9579	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Gel Wrist pad keeps your wrist comfortable. Usually my wrist will hurt after using the mouse for awhile but this eliminated that.
7292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT, GREAT PRICE GO AHEAD AND BUY THIS PAPER IT HAS GOOD QUALITY AND GREAT COLOR BACKGROUND FOR GREAT APPEARANCE
8418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All one needs.
5077	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have been using Moleskines for years to write and draw in. They've become some of my favorite sketchbooks! My art is mostly alcohol marker-based, and while the markers do bleed through the fairly thin pages, I'm used to it. I simply put a piece of scrap paper behind my work, and don't have to worry about ruining the next page. I've just filled yet another Moleskine and will be repurchasing very soon, perhaps the larger size this time around! Great notebooks. I do wish the covers were a little more sticker-friendly, though :-)
5625	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Book Journal one of the first days it was out.  I already have three books cataloged in it that I'm reading.  I love to jot down quotes or other interesting facts from the books I read, and Moleskine delivers spaces for those notes.  You can write down all the information on the book, as well as where you place it in your library.
> Softer, more comfortable pad
The feel, the sense of perfection, the knowledge of picking up and using the PERFECT TOOL for the job are intangibles that quietly enrich life.  (Not to mention the feeling of touching history.)  It's like the the perfect chef's knife in the kitchen or a perfectly-balanced razor-sharp chisel effortlessly peeling away wood.  They are beautifully, simply elegant in their perfection.
9513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a 21 yr old college student so between being at my internship and at home constantly typing up papers and clicking around my wrist has started to hurt. The belkin gel mouse pad has helped alleviate some of the stress put on my wrist. Its soft but has firmness to it. I'd recommend it to anyone that spends half their day using a mouse!
4661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Let's face it.  Even with all the latest technology, sometimes a pen and paper is still the best tool for recording thoughts.  It's portable,  permanent and doesn't need any batteries.
2785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun little item.  Bought it for my wife's administrative assistant.  She loves it.
5833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quality paper. Beautiful cover.
4074	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First of all, I loved the Divergent books and the movie and hope for more movies to boot. Four was probably my favorite character and so these pillowcases were right for me and I have them on the pillows now. Comfortable and very nice.
Overall perceptions:
3036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I work in an open floor plan office and these things are awesome for telling people they are talking too loud, clicking too much, not pulling their weight or otherwise being irritating.
9320	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great rest at a great price. The gel is nice and when it gets too dirty it can actually be washed.  We use it at a station with multiple people using the computer and everyone takes advantage.  I've definitely had ergo mouse pads before that I moved aside.

5298	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I rely on these notebooks when traveling, to save space and weight.  The blue cover is attractive.  It has a foldover in the back to hold papers.
1604	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a good pot: heavy enough, heats evenly, and made in the U.S.A., which is a nice plus. One mark against it is the lid has a seal between the steel and glass components that allows water to get in. I happened to discover this when some water dripped from this space into some hot oil. It was a bit of a nuisance. On the whole I liked it enough to later pick up the 12" saute pan too.
2599	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a decent product, but a little bulky and sometimes the pieces get loose.
7985	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for school


- If your schedule runs before 7 am or after 8 pm (and mine currently does), then the lack of a 24-hour listing could annoy you over time, and/or cause you to forget appointments.
Why buy anything else?
3531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wow, these are absolutely gorgeous!  They are slightly dome shaped and prettier in real life than depicted online. They will beautify and add a classy touch wherever they are placed!
1273	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good value. Some pages messed up / cut poorly, but okay.
1436	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A good reference guide
Another good thing about this book is that it gives the reading level of each passage, ranging from levels 2-4. The passages are also interesting. Some are excerpts from well-known childrens' books.
It records my outgoing message fairly clearly. Previous comments seem to claim that incoming and outgoing messages are distorted or unintelligible. This was not the case in my machine.
1074	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great stocking-stuffers!

5836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I originally had intended to buy the normal size version of these journals and unknowingly bought the pocket size, but realized how great they were for taking notes in a pinch and decided to keep them! They have a great build and I love the material, my friend referred them to me for drawing! I Will definitely buy Moleskine brand again, just be a bit more cautious of sizes! Thanks!

2456	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Sturdy bookmark. My niece will love it as she likes owls.
5032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice notebook. What I particularly like about it is that the paper does not bleed through when I write with a fountain pen. I'm not nearly as pleased with my other Moleskines--the standard ones with the black covers, which have a bleed-through problem.
2419	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The wife loves it
2957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	About 50 pages. Fun and cute for the office.

Inside is basic, room for addresses, phone numbers and birthdays.  I am really pleased with this and enjoy the art and detail of a normally boring item.

389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice, colorful world map.  Great value here on Amazon.  I wish it was laminated but for the price I'll just laminate it myself.  Great purchase.
4785	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am someone who loves to travel and I was happy to purchase the travel moleskine notebook when I saw it. The notebook is not so much a travel journal as it is a travel planner notebook. Its usage is meant to help you as your planning a trip, as well as to give a short description of memorable experiences during your travel. I am someone who likes to write  A LOT, especially about my travels to remember every moment. At most you get half a page to a full page to note your travel experience, and notebook is not the largest, but travel size. Travel expeditions are further limited in the book to sections depending on the duration of your trip, whether, you had a weekend, short, or long trip. I felt it was limiting for me since I would rather write my experience for it's full duration instead of jumping all over the place. I really like the book because I love moleskine journals, it's leather feel of the cover, its compact size. However, if I knew the limitation I would have to put on writing my experiences in the travel journal, I don't know it I would purchase it again. Maybe it's for someone else.
4147	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My 4-year-old daughter loves this.
3300	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the kindergarten classroom setting.  Excellent visuals.
6171	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great price.
6401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome highlighters! Whoever says they bleed through Bible pages is PRESSING TOO HARD!
9565	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have a wooden desk made from plywood, so I needed something soft to rest my hand on, and it came in the form of a mousepad, but I saw purple, and didn't read. I don't care, I like it even still.
202	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	grandson loves it.

48	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable bag for my sons bible.
The mouse pad may fray in the future but for the price I'd buy it again.
265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was the product I was looking for to use in my small groups. It is big enough to see but small enough to be portable.
7901	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The TI calculators are heavily dated tech - they are not worth the cost. If your school is requiring you to purchase it - boycott the purchase and use your laptop / phone / tablet. Stop letting companies like Texas Instruments have a monopoly over the education market, especially when there's free open source alternatives.
8911	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	really nice. Cushions my wrist; looks nice

7411	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter love it.
I would purchase it again.

3646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	worked perfectly.  I laid about 500sqft of Tavertine on the floor and about 150sqft of marble for a shower and bath enclosure.  I guess this is a simple tool and it would be hard to go too wrong, but it was comfortable in my hand and didn't cause any fatigue issues.
3198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were exactly what I wanted for the classroom.
8354	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great tool if you are learning algebra!
5680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Picked this up for a gift for artist daughter, and she loves it. She works with pens, pencils, and watercolors, and she uses them all on these pages. She likes that the texture promotes a fine line. Will definitely be buying this again for her.
I looked into this and the TI recommended batteries are the A76. Two of them.
4422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazing books, very entertaining and right on target with the DVD and workbooks
7914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Extremely satisfied with the product and the seller.
7682	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Clearly this item was stored someplace in a closet for a long time. The included batteries had expiration dates on them for March 2013. They had corroded/degraded so much that there was a white powder throughout the packaging - see photos.
Lovely, lovely calendar! Please never stop making them!
2372	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!

7815	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered the green one for a college math course. Feels incredibly cheap and flimsy. The buttons are loose and crooked. Wondering if this isn't a knock-off. Having said that, at least it works.

5781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These sketchbooks are wonderful, the paper is smooth and thin and the book itself is flexible in a wonderful, portable way. It is
1406	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Calendar to cool. Bought it for myself.
205	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it, 3 yrs old
2983	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	fun

The extra little features are great: a ruler, moon phases, overviews of the year, conversions, etc..
1816	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described. Quick shipping!
4746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not much I can add to what I have said about moleskine in the past. A fine product.
It is well made though.  Very much a high end book.  I bought if for myself a few years ago, and I remember I liked the band that keeps it closed and the flap at the end to hold receipts or money in.
5658	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Moleskine products. I'm in sales and this weekly planner is fantastic for tracking sales activities. The left of the page is your calendar with adequate spaces to keep track of meetings and conference calls. The the right side is ruled to jot down your activities and to-do's. Very pleased.
9977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE these! Makes organizing so easy! Great price and arrived promptly! A++++++
187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves Peppa Pig. This story is cute, not a fantastic story like the classics but hey, it's a good bed time story. The language is written a little different than what I'm used to (it's British of course) but I have fun reading it in an accent for her!
Expansion / Connectivity
I also wanted something that was physically a bit larger.  My old one was 3"x6", which was considered "medium" size when I bought it, and certainly it was too big to fit in a pocket, but I don't carry it with me so that's not a problem.  I decided I wanted something that would allow me to really stretch out and include all the information I want and need, without having to cram it into the constraints that most address books force you to use for each entry.  That's one of the beautiful things about Moleskine address books: there are no constraints.  The pages are like the pages of a notebook.  An address entry can be as long or as short as you want it to be, and can include as many different types of data as you can throw at it.  At the same time, it's superior to using a plain notebook because the pages have alphabet tabs, allowing you to quickly find the section of the alphabet you're looking for.
5142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my sister who needed a calendar that she could not only plan out her day but could also have room to write notes as well.  This is a great analog backup in case anything digital crashes.  For the same reason I'll be ordering one as well so I can track my diet and exercise info as well.
8974	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.

2769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were a gift for a co-worker.  She love them!

The slightly larger, Cannon LS 85H calculator, being reviewed here, is almost as perfect a general-purpose calculator as one can find these days!  A handy size, which is at home either on desk-top or pocket/purse.
3378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent working like new still from the day it was purchase up on till now.. recommend to others.
3506	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the knife that you will find yourself reaching for most often as you prepare your meals. Be careful!! When it says it's sharp, it is. It has good quality steel and takes and holds a keen edge. Take care of it and it will serve you well for ever. I use mine for just about everything from chopping up vegetables to slicing bread to cutting chicken up to fry to slicing a roast for serving. I have numerous other knives in my knife drawer but this one just seems to fit better in my hand and do whatever I need done with no muss or fuss. It's balanced just right and a joy to use.
1976	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like the layout of the book and appreciate the large size. It is difficult to find plan books with more than six periods. I wish the record book didn't need to be purchased separately. I don't know a teacher who wants separate books, so combining them is preferable. I hate that plan books contain a bunch of extra, useless pages that no one ever uses. It's wasteful. This could ne improved by adding a thicker cover and lowing the dorky design. I like the spiral binding.
5237	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have used three separate Moleskine journals for light daily use.  I typically jot notes to myself, including shopping lists, phone numbers, and other items.  They are stored in my pocket or on a nightstand.  In spite of light use, each of these journals has suffered from a split in the binding from the cover to the pages themselves.  For the price you pay for these jorunals, they should last longer than a few months of light use.  To be fair, I've not had much luck with other similar journals of the same size, although they have been three or four dollars cheaper.  I'd love to see one of these with a more flexible and durable cover and binding.

3594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my emergency kit. But just to test them out I used one on my little sister around 3 am. She woke right up. So I'd give'em a 10/10.
However, for the purposes of this book, a good quality colored pencil set  with nice pigment and color selection or a varied set of gel pens would work fine here. NOTE: Gel pens are different from magic markers/markers. Markers will bleed.
I'm not likely to ever need new ones again, because these pots are so well made.  My older ones would develop hot spots and tend to scorch unless you were glued to the pot while cooking.
3. There is not a monthly view integrated within the weekly calendar. You have to turn back to the beginning of the book for that.
It's got a folder in the back, which is nice, and an elastic closure that keeps everything inside, perfect for a personal journal. Nice size, fits in most purses and bags, I love it. I keep ordering Moleskines for my journal :)
2843	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great.

6109	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have them on my night stand just in case I need to write down something while I'm already in bed and it's a perfect size
 Look - The product came in a very nice, heavy duty cardboard storage box.  Inside the box was two color fans, one "Solid Coated" and one "Solid Uncoated".  They were wrapped in clear plastic to protect them.  Upon handling them, you notice that the paper they are printed on is pretty thin.  You have to be a little careful handling them because they could easily get wrinkled.  This is probably due to the huge number of colors that are included.  Heavier paper would make the fans much less portable, so you have a little trade-off between more colors or heavier paper.  Overall, it was a nice looking set with a lot of color variety.
448	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very large,I mark it every time I fly internationally and state wide, have it on my wall, its durable and cleanable
8.33 [Rate] [Tax+]
5481	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This notebook just oozes quality just by looking at it. The acid free pages are thick and luscious and the binding is extremely strong.
 Double-Sided, Lined Pages.
7864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this exact model for 4 years in college now and have only had to replace the batteries once. Very pretty and high quality.
8810	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product & price, great quality! beat prices at ALL our local stores
Additionally, if I had read the reviews - which I normally do, but in this case I thought "how bad can it be? It's paper with dates and boxes on it, right?" I would have noted that it is indeed an anti-American piece of....work. As the daughter of a recently deceased veteran I am insulted by the absence of a Memorial Day sticker. Cinco De Mayo is here, all right, along with Labor Day and Earth Day, Grandparent's Day and Ramadan - not to mention TWO each of Thanksgiving, Halloween, Columbus Day, Christmas, New Years Eve, Kwanzaa and "Hannukah begins" (because Hannukah starts twice?). But no Memorial Day? Really?? Not acceptable.
Note that this calendar uses extra space for recipes, activity suggestions, etc..  To some this may be a nice touch, but for my purposes it's just extra clutter.  There are a zillion stickers on a page in the back;  we use the birthdays (there aren't enough) and end up throwing the rest away.  The calendar runs September through December, so it's nice for those who might like to go by school year (except that so many schools start in August).
5874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, exactly what I wanted.
2906	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, exceeded expectations.
1252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These pocket pal journals are a big hit for my friends who want to keep daily gratitude journals in their purses.  They have motivational messages on the front, they are small enough to be tucked virtually anywhere and they have a space on the front cover for a name, etc. if someone misplaces one and wants it returned.  I only wish it were college ruled vs. regular ruling but, hey for the price these are great little giveaways!  Highly recommend.
5853	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use these things for taking notes at work. They are small enough to fit in your pocket and be out of the way all while being big enough to take the notes I need to take and draw illustrations I need to share.
9975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	quality product, rapid delivery
7984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
3579	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!!
4154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT

4310	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The product itself is amazing. I love the HWT program and believe it helps children tremendously. The price is higher then it should be as on the HWT website each book is less then $10.00 and I paid double that. The seller is unfair in his pricing however the books are worth every penny I overpaid.
I don't remember the older model having a "tax+" or "tax-" or "rate" key, nor do I remember it having a battery backup, as the newer model does.
The extras are great as well. You won't forget where you were writing: a cloth ribbon marks your place. An external elastic band keeps the book closed in all conditions, so you can stuff in loose stuff without losing it. An affixed paper envelope in the back holds stamps, pictures, and whatnot.
8220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
4900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love this book for sketching ideas for embroidery designs.  The pages are thick and smooth and accept colored pencil drawings quite nicely.  Also thick enough to handle many erasings and do-overs.  Handy size too.
8342	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for math class. Taking calc, trig, statistics.
828	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Beatles grabbed the consciousness of a generation and played a near shaman's role in moving that generation toward maturity.
* The paper quality is actually better than I expected--smooth, bright white, ~25lb; it stands up quite well to repeated erasures without degrading; handles oil and gel ink relatively well (though liquid ink will feather and bleed); and can be torn away from the spine with relative ease
5299	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For years, I have carried a small stack of 3 x 5 index cards in my shirt pocket for quick note taking. From time to time, I would experiment with using  various notebooks, but never found one that quite fit my needs - until the Mokeskine.
I would recommend it.  $2.95 plus free Prime shipping.  Very nice.
9286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT !!!

9748	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice and compact...an every home accessory need

8791	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great mouse pad. Could be a little bit softer. I used it everyday, not only for my mouse, but also on my keyboards 10 key. Highly recommended

holds up very well. I usually go through one a year. I keep wondering when evernote and my iPad are going to replace my moleskin but there isn't quite anything like a moleskin out there. I keep a stockpile fo these for new employees in the office.


to sharpen most of my kitchen knives.  I have a couple that take a little more work but in the end it gets them sharp two
To get the most out of this blender, make sure you read the instructions in the owner's manual and use the recipes in the cookbook until you get comfortable with using it.  It's not complicated to use but it's extremly powerful and it's easy to over process your food items.  For instance, if you're making a smoothie, the longer the machine runs, the hotter the ingredients will get and you could wind up with a lukewarm smoothie.
7969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product came exactly as described, works great, perfect for my general chemistry courses in college that require a more basic calculator, but this can still perform a good deal of functions out of the four main operators!
It is hard to do justice to this album in words; as important and influential as it is enjoyable to listen to over and over again, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band represents The Beatles at its very best, and this CD really should find a home somewhere in the collections of music lovers everywhere.
5572	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful notebook that is a pleasure to write in
5410	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm currently a college student. I've recently switched over from taking notes on the laptop to handwriting notes [since I've also recently gotten into the fountain pen hobby]. The feeling of a fountain pen gliding over the pristine pages is one that I wish I could feel forever, always.
5527	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this moleskine journal at Barnes and Noble but unfortunately I can't take it back. Every pen I have bleeds through! I even users like 5 different brands and types of ink. ALL bled through. The paper is practically transparent. If you look at my photos, one of them you can see a 2016 written. That's on the next page, not even on the back side. I could not write on the back pages and I would still see through the pages. I'm severely upset that I paid $20 for a journal that has paper worse that a $1 comp book at Walgreens. Whoever is in charge of Moleskines quality control needs to go. Quality is getting horrible.
but I'm a little anal-retentive and made extra sure everything was lined up just right. They do come with
8530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter's 8th grade requirement, so far, it has worked very well, I have no complaints.  It is a nice caluclator
Been using moleskines for about 8+ years,  they aren't overpriced but built to last.

9428	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a classic financial calculator and while I am still learning to use it, I can say it does have a great feel in the hand. Cover fits over the front to protect the keys when not in use and fits on the back when using the calculator. It is one of the two calculators recommended by my MBA program and I can see why they recommend it.
1851	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely broader
3149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for homeschool room
3043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	comes in very handy to keep beside my desktop!!!  Keep me up to speed on everything I need to do.
4877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works so well but then, of course, it is one of the larger watercolor notebooks from the famous Moleskine offerings:. Buy some :-D
4833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice produce. Will definitely order again.
9461	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this gel mouse pad to replace my previous Belkin Gel Mouse pad that finally gave out after 10 years of service. My old one lasted 10 years, at which point it got a whole on the wrist-rest and that was the beginning of the end for it.  The wrist-rest on this particular mouse pad is high enough that my hand is at a comfortable position. I got the blue one, which is like a pantone blue. Very nice.
7447	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item as described. Arrived quickly. Great for the price.
4481	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for the poster boards
1156	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smells great

5429	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for a journal and am not disappointed. High quality cover and paper. A great size for what I am using it for. I usually would not pay this much for a notebook but this is worth it.
1776	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An absolutely amazing planner - high quality cover and paper for notes. I like the pages' design. I wish it has a calendar inside, but on the other hand it would limit the scope of use. So, I do recommend this planner to those who like me tend to keep notes on paper not in phone.
560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for the classroom
7066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great cartridge for HP laser printers.  Save lots of money with this one.  No luck with compatible cartridges on the HP so went back to the OEM.
3701	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is very pretty and looks great in my kitchen. The quality is very nice. And the colors are vivid.
6224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really love this for quick sketches with water soluble graphite (Derwent) and then add color with Koi watercolor set. Keep in my backpack at all times when I feel inspired or have brief periods of time to work on my fledging skills. Makes it easy to do a bit of art on a regular basis in unexpected places (at desk on lunch break, train, waiting for an appointment. It's really the perfect size for me and the paper is lovely, takes water well and did I mention the convenience!?
3775	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little dies, just the right size to decorate a card. So many options for uses.
898	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this map!!! I like it so much that I wish I got a bigger one hahaha
2007	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product
9894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it
9158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
6810	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful pen. Nice weight very durable. Very happy with my purchase. Cross makes the best pens. I  love the weight in each model. AAA+++ (VLS).
This bottle is durable, scratch resistant, BPA free and doesn't leak.
6238	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These notebooks are not only stylish, but durable enough to last for well over a year. I have several of this brand, and continue to use them all the time.

6309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described!!!! As you read the product info, you always wonder if products like this are what they describe them as.  This one is.
A little fountain pen technobabble here: It's a wet writer, meaning that the ink flows freely and is a bit wet on the page for a few seconds after I'm done writing, but it's not so much that I'd consider it a problem. It's well within the normal writing characteristics of fountain pens. Also worth pointing out: This pen uses the 'Cross Slim' refills instead of the standard ones, and does not currently have a converter available. That makes me a little sad, but I'll get over it. This pen is excellent just as it is. However, if Cross does come out with a converter for this pen body type, I will HUG them.
2729	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a list maker, and this appeals to me. Has made going to the store much easier, not simply because I don't forget as much, but also because it's organized by product which streamlines my trips. Also gave these to my sister who equally loves them!!
7740	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All new and in great packaging. Also cheaper than every where else. Will buy again!
6040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I own about 8 of these, i use for drawing and ink painting!! love it. One thing is that it smears when you draw in graphite however :-(
3006	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This set is super cute!  My mom is an avid reader and she just loved it!

1707	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calendar.  Will work great throughout the year.  Thank you.
2987	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've received nothing but complements from my coworkers wanting me to drop one on these on their favorite PITA. I only wish they were post it type notes with some type of non-marring sticky back instead of having to use tape.
6898	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I like the cross pens very much & using since last so many years for personal & gifts use. Unfortunately this time with in a week it stated getting rust though it is an expensive 10 carat gold pen. So I returned. Before I never have such experience. I think it is quality problem & lake of testing the product. Finally I returned.
605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Didn't realize this was the large chart until it arrived. Great price.

I also appreciate that it is bound by a hardcover instead of spiral. I'm left-handed and I'm always having to fight the spiral binding in typical planners.
2818	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love
I am a photographer and take my "brain" everywhere with me.  I am VERY hard on my planner and as I said if I can buy in advance I will never stray from this planner!
The squared lines on the pages are nice so that I can sketch out an issue that I see or an idea that I have.  I have even found that I have been using the little stickers that come with the book in the pocket on the inside back cover of the book.
As for durability, none of mine are damaged at all. I mostly keep them on my desk, but several times a week I throw them in my backpack with a bunch of other books and objects, and I haven't seen a crease in the cover yet. I usually pay attention to making sure they're stuck between two other books before I close the bag, though, and as I mentioned I only use each one actively for about a month; then they just sit on a shelf or desk for reference. If you're going to be using yours for a long time or subjecting it to a harsher environment, you're probably better off with a hardcover version.

8596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I was taking courses in calculus and physics, I used the TI-86 because it had more functions and was more powerful, for the kind of math that was needed.
IMHO, this had happened because the following golden rules were infringed by HP...
4555	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to 2nd grade desks.
The bristles are nylon so they aren't going to give you the same feel as a good sable watercolor brush, meaning they are good for making strokes and pulling water across the colored pencil lines, but you won't be able to get circle shapes like with a good watercolor brush. But, for the price, you really can't expect that. You can get a nice stroke with these and because the bristles are a bit stiff, they are good for doing shading work because they hold straight so that you can so soft back and forth strokes to add a bit of water to pencil strokes and get shading. If the bristles were too soft, you couldn't do that. The brushes do have a nice point to them and because they come in three different sizes, you can do some detail work with the smaller brush.

1655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply great!  They're perfect for marking pages, imo, because they stay put, unlike bookmarks which can fall out if the book is bumped.  These were part of a going away gift for someone moving to Ireland for a study program.  They'll work nicely as just placemarkers for pages or if you wanted to mark certain paragraphs within a page I think they'd be helpful too.
The tool is equipped with a windshield breaker head which makes it a good choice for the glove box. I was not all that impressed with the machining of the jack-knife tools hidden in the grips. And I could not find a seat belt cutter anywhere. It says in the product title the tool has a seat belt cutter, but there's no image of one in the product pictures, and I could not find it.
* Its measurements are similar to a standard postcard (just shy of 5.75" x 4.25")
1539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great tool to remove weeds and its very strong.
6026	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I do like these notebooks, but I like the field notes better.
724	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is my favorite calendar.  I get one every year.
4864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The lexus of notebooks.  Well made, durable, elegant, classy.
i thought that was hilarious! if you're a paper lover, you'll know what i mean. i specifically chose this set because it has a kraft paper cover.

1403	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Walking dead baby... Best show on television.
It has a nice stiff cover to protect the pages [ 24 pages ] where when you open it, you can start up top and write all the way down the second page. It also has an expandable pocket for pieces of paper until you can transfer the information into your notebook.
The durability is good as I have had this over a year of daily use with no issues. When first opened, I noticed some smell, but went away in a few days. I use an inexpensive "Microsoft Wireless Mobile Mouse 6000" and works very well on this pad.
4768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My school-age son likes these notebooks for jotting down homework/project assignments. The size and shape (no hard binding or spiral rings, minimal number of pages) makes it comfortable to carry one in a pants pocket for quick and easy access. Far easier than digging a notebook out of his backpack, just simple and convenient! The cover is durable enough to last for the period of time it usually takes to fill up the pages.
4402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to put into a gift Bible.
There are so many ways in which to use these: sight words, math facts, numbers, ten frames, letters, pictures.... With different colors it is easy to diversify the learning for your students!
9638	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	only .5" high not 1.5"
5899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I Love Moleskine! I have been us ingot Hesse notebooks for years and love the style and feel of them.
5044	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There is a serious risk if you buy these: you are likely to get addicted to them as they are handy for so many things. You have been warned. A bit retro but they have become another essential resource for me in staying organized and writing things down, sans electricity.
3597	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love stencils.  I use spray mists, modeling paste and paint for journaling and other mixed media projects.  I love having a good variety but they are very pricey.  The Amazon add-on program is great so I can stock up otherwise I would pass.
She loves the bright distinguishing colors and even though her eyesight is bad, with her glasses, she can still make out most of it and the tinier portions she just uses her handy dandy magnifying glass.
2948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for some fun around the office and we've all really enjoyed handing them out to people.
7997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
110	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A very nice Bible Case that I used to replace another one that was damaged.
2508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great, readable and durable map. I mounted it on a wall to mark our travels it map tacks. I mounted it on a piece of luan, and framed it with small pictures of the places we'd visited. What a great way to remember people and places!
3821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with this item. Well made and shipped professionally all at a very reasonable price. I do recommend this to others.
8254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy how easy this calculator is to use. The display is great as it shows fractions the way they were intended to be seen on a calculator.
7150	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Heavy and bright white, i like it a lot.
6599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I need it. Very professional and simple to use. Looks and feels good quality.
8282	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price!  No problems
7529	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The view angle is whack.  I have to hover right over the display to read the screen.  The buttons are squishy and don't always register when pressed.  Calculator tech needs to get with the times.
7948	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cool color. Bought for a friends child. She loved it.

7116	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this paper for making out newsletters for family.  It works quite well, there's no smearing, no bleeding and it's BRIGHT!  Good job HP!!


7417	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
4976	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good quality notebook, nice feel to the cover.
2616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use this every week in our household. It has become a good habit for sensible grocery shopping.
5720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't love a moleskine notebook... .it's a classic
9429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
4492	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Wroks great, good for larger projects.
9723	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice product. All my coworkers has been asking me about where to get this, it is just very solid and clean.
793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful cards. Just what I needed!
4213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautifully bound and formatted, I'll enjoy using this.
Silly, though, to have sample pages for this product, since they are ALL blank.
8325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Your basic calculator for math class.  My daughter loved the fact she had orange, because no one else had anything that color.
3939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this as part of my classroom management procedures for cutting down how long it takes to transition into getting into class to being ready to learn. "Tech vacation" is perfect for this and many cellphone sizes fit

2614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty handy to have stuck on the fridge,,,,,Never to forget again
The size of the bowls, which is one cup or 8 ounces, is perfect for a single serving. As I said, we have several dozen of these, and we use them all the time.
- Super sturdy construction; nice thick glass.
5855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size and love that I can use my "fine" nibbed fountain pens and have no leaking through the pages.  I'm not so sure that if they were medium nibbed ones that I could say the same but since I'm in love with the fine or extra-fine ones, these journals are perfect for me!

2807	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun and entertaining in the car. My 9 & 11 year-olds really enjoy it.
The DeLorme "Alaska Atlas and Gazetteer" is an excellent resource for trip planning.  Used in conjunction with the most recent "Milepost", the average travelor can reach any point in the state accessible by road and plan entry into many other areas.  However, the scale of the maps is insufficient for detailed off-road route planning; deep country hikers, hunters, and fishermen are advised to seek more specialized map products.
1272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are sweet little notebooks that I can carry in my purse.  I'm working on focusing on daily gratitude and these little guys are PERFECT for that.  I'm also working on a Brene Brown class and when I hear or think of something that I learn, having these inspirational books available is great.

3362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	AS ORDEERED
100	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good Bible carrier for our large print Bible. We were afraid it would not be big enough, but it is exactly the right size.

3962	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I get this planner every single year.  I used to use a planner where I chose the pages and put them in my little binder but with a family of five, none of the pages suited me as well as this.  I use a blank row for each person so I can see at a glance who has an appointment or a day off from school, for example.  I think it could also be helpful as a student planner using a row for each class.  If you don't have five people you could use a row for birthdays and anniversaries or special tasks that you want to keep track of, or maybe even things that are for multiple people or the whole family.  This won't serve everybody's needs but if a monthly calendar doesn't have enough room and a daily schedule planner is too much, this could be a possibility.
2393	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this cute little address book.  I got this as one of my anniversary gifts. It's perfect to throw in my purse if I need to.
7538	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	thanks . we got this for my sons school !!
4947	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The notebook is high quality and the plastic "staff" ruler is a handy addition. The pages are smaller than I expected so if you're a rookie at writing music (which I am) this is probably not for you. However, if you're an experienced writer who wants something to keep with them so you can record when the inspiration strikes, you'll love this book.
417	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	First of all, this appears to be the exact same map as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rand-McNally-U-S-A-Wall-Map/dp/0528002279/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rand McNally U.S.A Wall Map</a>.  However, the linked map is only $5.95 (and still available for free shipping with prime).  It's pretty infuriating when Amazon lists two identical products, shipped from the same place (Amazon), at very different prices.
Also included in the great album is a multi-paged booklet with some excellent liner notes. There is also a diagram identifying all the famous people in the cover photo! On your computer, you can play the five-minute mini-documentary about the album (Quick-time), which showcases comments from all four Beatles and George Martin. All of this is mixed in with rare photos never seen before. Imagine learning that this album was recorded at night with over 400 hours devoted to it. That's perfectionism and its shows. In fact, there is a mini-documentary for all the Beatles albums. This CD is a collector's item and a perfect showcase for the Beatles genius.
2375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice size
5271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I found this notebook I wasn't sure of the size so I bought the larger version too.  However the larger book was on back order so I got the small notebook first.  I unwrapped it and started using it; I found I like this size much better than the larger book.  It is easy to carry around and slide in my back pocket or even into my safety vest when I am on the construction site.
290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
4706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Truly excellent product.  Quality paper, and the notebooks themselves are made well and will last.  I wish I'd found these years ago before filling up many of those cheap $1 composition books.  HIGHLY recommended.
4071	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Product as described

You probably like the Beatles, but don't know which album to get. That's what you hope the reviews will do for you. You've compared prices elsewhere, and see this is the place to buy it. Which CD?
I also love that I have the option to hang it however I want, rather than an option that comes framed. I'm planning to "fake" one of the wooden hanging systems by purchasing wooden dowels and then attaching one along the top and one along the bottom.
168	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	arrived on time-kids loved it
6742	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This planner is ok, not really enough room to write.


9344	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love my BA II, quick delivery!
4165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
4178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter loves the flip Frozen calender with 12 different pictures!  Frozen is still the top No. 1 item for girls!  This calender was selected over the full wall calender to buy because of the size and had 12 different pics.
I could be wrong, but I think the idea is to bridge physical notebook users into the digital realm. Many people love to take notes on paper. With mixed text and sketching, it's really difficult to duplicate the efficiency of taking notes on a laptop or portable device. There are times when you're mainly typing, and that is highly efficient, but there's just something about writing it down that is satisfying. But then you have a digital world, as well. How to get those notes into Evernote for safekeeping, tagging, and later retrieval?  In this case, you simply take your note(s) and using Evernote's built-in page camera feature, snap a shot of the page. It then gets imported into Evernote and is synced across your devices.
Enjoy!
3816	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	seems to be good quality
8639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable and well built I like it
We had a nautical theme for the graduation party, and these notebooks were PERFECT!  The students were thrilled to receive these, and thought they looked very cute and "hipster".
2452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute. I bought it for my friend that loves owls too to encourage her to go back for reading.
2. There are only 30 meeting notes pages.
- Highly aesthetically pleasing.
4195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Price for a stocking stuffer
7559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellence
57	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good, sturdy Adventure Bible cover.  Thanks
1375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I first got these pens, I thought they were very small and might run out of ink fast. But I took them to work to do some journaling in my Midori Travellers journal during my lunch break, and the portability and great performance of the pens really impressed me! The scent is nice and actually lingers on the pages for  a longer time than I imagined. The pens write quite well, and the colors are vibrant. The office lights really show how good the colors are. I want to buy another one.


6687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are fine. They are similar to the many purchased before. they are all for inmates.
6871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, very happy with this purchase. It is a very narrow pen perfect for my wifes thin fingers.
When it comes to quality on the, TI cheated me for the amount of money I paid for this calculator. DO NOT EXPECT TI84 buttons or screen quality. This thing simply bares the name of TI, I can't believe THEY would create a unit with inferior quality buttons. My selection button is already damaged. I had to go back to my TI89 even though I run the risk of fail my class if they find anything fishy inside the TI89. I reset just in case. As far as this calculator, it is already unusable.
5124	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can't live without this notebook at work!
Low and behold, as I settled on another calculator after much research) this model came back to life.  It works fine.  This is one tough calculator and I just purchased another one to use while grocery shopping to compare price per unit (Larger sized items are not always cheaper)

460	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	bought for my grandson for Christmas.  I am sure he will love this along with the other maps, tacks, and flags.
653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I only got this because my physics class required it, as for the product itself, i guess it would be useful for professors looking to do quizzes. It's fast easy, and saves paper.
943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We really like this map.  My daughter spent three months touring Europe with her best friend. After buying her one, she bought one for her friend. She's embellishing them with photos, tickets, receipts etc. for a great memory collage. Great size, colors, nice quality!
5879	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought as part of a gift set for my niece's birthday.  She loves moleskin and she asked for watercolors this year, so I got 2 of these in different sizes to go with her kit. This larger size one seems really nice.  I am sure she will love it.

1991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	worked fine

1594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been looking for a blender for quite awhile now.  I read many reviews about the Ninja and I thought I'd give it a try.  I bought the model BL206 which had a lot of accessories.  My hopes weren't high cause I was just looking to blend food.  Amazon did a fantastic delivery turn-around in just 3 short days (Good job).  The packaging was excellent.  Every piece of the Ninja had its own protective packing (No damage).  The first thing I noticed was the quality of the product.  The motor base is rock solid.  The plastic containers were thick and solid.  The blades were Ninja sharp (careful when handling).  It even came with a cheese grater, a veggie slicer, and a recipe book.  I made my first strawberry smoothie ever.  It did better than I had antisipated in that the ice cubes were completely crushed into a smooth texture, blending with all the ingrediance to make the best smoothie ever.  Clean-up was a cinch.  It blends, juices, processes food, mixes and more.  I look forward to making cookie dough and grating some cheese and making various salsa-dips.  I would highly recommend this product to all cooks needing a multi-functional blender.  I did to my friends and family.  Thanks again to Amazon and Ninja system pulse.  I'm breaking out the cookbooks.
78	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really nice. I bought this organizer for my "The Word" Bible. There is a bible cover on the inside that is detachable so you can to take the bible out to use it. There are 3 large pockets for storage, 3 holders for pens and highlighter (1 of each included) and a sleeve that fits my Samsung 7.9" tablet (nice). FYI - it is quite large when opened up so it is not convenient to take to church but still a great organizer.
It definitely would make a nice gift for Secret Santa at work if you know the person is a Moleskine fan or just someone who likes little notebooks and calendars. This would even make a nice gift for a young teenager who likes to keep a short diary or anyone who needs to jot down a few things every day.
1740	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice big squares.  Simple.  We always have lots going on so I need plenty of space to write.  My only complaint is it has every holiday imaginable on it which takes up some of the space.

6556	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Dedicated sections are wonderful except there is not one for assignments but I can use the teamwork section for that since we don't really have team projects very often in any of the classes I take.
1611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First of all, this PC is gorgeous to look at!  It also is a very nice size for one or two people and for cooking all kinds of vegetables, small meals, etc.
2686	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
WISH IT HAD:
7616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I use this calculator for everything at work and school.
8501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Calculator arrived fast and ahead of schedule. My daughter says its great in doing school and homework. Seems solid since she has dropped it several times. Plus the occasional bookbag throw lol. It still looks and works like new.
490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product as described. Quick shipping!
7941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered ONE of these to try out on my printer at work. The price and terms were FAR more reasonable than
6720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like these tabs!  I have tabbed about 6 Bibles so far (for family and friends) and these tab are the easiest to apply and are quite durable.  I like the color coding of them and the animal characters adds some fun to these tabs!  The font is large enough to be readable but not so large to appear "kiddish".  My Bible is 9" wide, so there are 9 tabs per row (each tab is about 3/4" long).
that sees it on my zentangling table picks it up over and over again.  I know three art gals that finally
1289	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Very streaky. It does not draw cleanly and the ink doesn't flow easily most of the time.
5760	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use them as little portable sketch books and they do great with my pencil and watercolor pencils especially.
4319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	bought as gift..but loved it myself
3768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The three smaller countersinks have a 1/4" shaft, and the two large ones have a 1/2" shaft.  I've used them on soft & hard wood, on brass, and on mild steel, with good results.  My only concern is, the two larger cutters will eventually wear out and Grizzly doesn't sell them individually.  The three smaller bits are sold by Grizzly (or Amazon) as set H3024, for about thirteen dollars.  They are made in India, if that means anything...  The bits appear to be tool-steel, and are excellent quality.
5514	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My job requires attendance at a lot of meetings.  Despite the usefulness of a smartphone it's still strange to see someone typing away at a phone during a meeting, and most people assume I'm texting or something similarly rude.  With this notebook I can both take notes and then have a digital record of the meeting without having to keep the notebook close at hand all the time.  Nice quality and the 3-month Evernote Premium membership offsets the already-discounted cost as well.  Highly recommended for people who need to take written notes in a digital world.
6819	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice pen, it looks nice and writes nice. it is a little fatter then my old cross which feels funny but I hope to get used to it.
5566	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good for writing, though the paper does ghost when you use a fountain pen. I love these notebooks for keeping track of patients and notes because they fit perfectly in a white coat pocket.
8966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was a Gift.
8445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
6237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this little pocket album...great for travel and quick inspiration.
7474	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice calculator works just like it should
6736	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this planner after having tried and loved the smaller stitched binding version last year. I needed just a little more room and this planner delivers. I am a stay at home schooling mom who has a busy schedule with three children, a husband as well as my own pursuits to constantly keep up with. I need to keep up with the details of our school, activities, ministry, service and appointments, but most days I operate most effectively with a to do list.
3.  It's programmable, and for most applications, you can program useful algorithms and even games (games take up a lot more space than math programs however)


7668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value calculator.
GOLDEN RULE I - A PRODUCT WHICH STILL SELLS ITSELF IS NEVER OBSOLETE.
699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have bought this calendar every year for my wife, her sister and this year a niece for the first time. It is wonderful to wake up every day and start it with either a laugh or a contemplation. This calendar is the best!
GOD BLESS
Next Christmas or birthday, everyone on my list will receive one of these great little notebooks.
8300	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	does stats thats what i bought it for....and whoaaah, never thought i needed a calc that has tons of lines. neat.
2173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i've purchased several of these beaded bookmarks with different images.  This is a realistic horse, which is important to me.  Price is right.  Comes in a protective plastic sleeve to keep it from bending in shipment.  Will buy more as stocking stuffers.
1381	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the value. Very happy with purchase.
7755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my daughter's favorite scientific calculator. She specifically sought out this particular one on Amazon because her peers have them as well and she stated it is the most user friendly.

-Press Mode once to set
4674	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use Moleskine notebooks all the time but this is the first hobby specific one that I have owned, at first it seemed cute and not overly necessary until I started getting some nice wines that I didn't want to forget, and this is a perfect way to save the info before it disappears from my mind, especially when it comes to shopping in new wine stores where I'm not familiar with the layout and selection, I can take it with me and always have me favorites nicely organized in one neat little book.
When I leave the apartment or get tired of it, I can easily remove it.
632	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were fun to make with my daughter. I would buy them again. :)

1408	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.  Now if only the show would come back on.  What I'd love, actually, is a desk calendar, by the week.  Will somebody make one of those?
4596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My niece loved it!!
8159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use this all the time
4.  Attached page band easily moved from week-to-week easily keeping my spot
3877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well, I just fired up this heater for its 10th season.  Still going strong, no complaints.
7550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this calculator and the price was better than I expected. I have used this particular model for several years.
2774	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
3476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great case for keeping your brushes organized and protected.
Con: Tiny, can't write much on a page.
  * Optional duplex
1374	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are great colors, but a bit pricey.
7446	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
6488	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice, One of the best laid out pages I've seen in any organizer, giving you enough room for daily notes, weekly tasks and delegations. The strap is Pink on the yellow one! I ordered it thinking the strap was orange from the Amazon photos.
3049	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for family at Christmas and they loved it!  It is creative and gets everyone laughing.  I highly recommend buying for anyone who has a sense of humor!
In all seriousness, these are my favorite moleskines. Having the spline at the top reduces the amount of paper affected (middle splines make paper all but un-writeable in the middle margins). And I really like the ruled paper.

1045	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This book is awesome and The passages are interesting and makes my students think. It teaches students to go back to the text and find the answer to the question. It is more rigorous than the other books I have.

9133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly and performs with perfection.
3164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As soon as we put this chart up, our 4 year old was fascinated, and within a few days, could competently count to 100 using the chart for prompting.  She loves looking at it!
1984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have used this book for a few years. The layout fits me and my style perfectly.
5381	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was wondering how well I would be able to write with a square pen and was pleasantly surprised to find how well it felt in the hand. Very comfortable. I am using this with my Moleskine Evernote Smart Notebook and they make a great combination. Great quality pen, good color and smooth.
4171	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calendar to give for a gift. Beautifully done and all the people are in it (animals too).  This is a winner, you will keep the pictures even after the year is gone. Very good for children to learn with.
Now my six year old is listening to it on CD, and I suppose when I turn 64 in 2024 I'll listen to it on my music archive chip player (or maybe vinyl will totally come back by then) and enjoy the joke that I had arrvied at an age I thought inconceivable back when I first heard the song.  And, probably on that same day hundreds if not thousands of people will be listening to this album too.
4921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use this for bullet journaling.  I have fun with it, experimenting with colored pencils and making my journal pretty.
953	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This came rolled in a poster tube exactly as described. I have put cork on the back and installed it in a frame to put push pins in and mark our travels.
8784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good, really helps my wrist.

7557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ol' reliable. It does everything you need it to and more. It's actually cheaper to buy it on Amazon.
4627	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for a boy. My intuition is that a girl may like this a bit more.
3220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful product. Love these.
8049	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.
My cat loves to jump on my desk when I am working (which is daily) and knocked this calculator to my hard tile floors more times than I can count over the years mostly without the protective blue cover on it.  Today, I accidentally knocked it the ground again and while the calculator lit up, the buttons would not respond so I sadly went looking for another calculator.
5762	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	To me, the large hard bound plain moleskine is the classic. The softcover extra large is the natural evolution of the book. I really enjoy the extra landscape to write my thougts where I felt the large was just a tad small for true note taking.
4686	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in 2 days! I haven't opened it yet because I won't have anything to write in it until 2013, so it's sitting in its plastic wrap. I've had these notebooks for the past 3 years and they have always been great. The layout fits well with my needs and I like that one side is a full lined notes page so that I can jot down daily notes. Will definitely purchase more in the future!
Also, if you use your Echo for your morning alarm, this gives you a back up against a possible power spike (I don't use this function, but some people do, and it's nice to know you're not going to be late for work).

8144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The closest you can get to a graphing calculator without cheating in College Algebra

I never have a problem with ink bleeding through paper, but then again I only use the extra fine point (0.38 mm) Pilot Frixion erasable colored gel pens imported from Japan, and 0.3 mm GraphGear 1000 or 0.3 mm Uni Alpha-Gel slim pencil for everything I do; I'm really picky about that.  Paper in both classic and cahier books stand up well to erasure with either pen or pencil.
9612	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The pad's good, but the wrist rest is a little stiff and harder than I'd like.  The pad works fine with a wireless mouse.
5425	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine books are excellent, what more do you need to know?
Why? Because  a valuable - pr potentially valuable - book which is described as "new" or " like new" is NOT a book which has library cards in it. Think your books will never increase greatly in value? So have other book buyers who later discover that a true  first edition of Harry Potter soared in value ( haven't checked recent prices on those). So while this library kit is definitely appealing and attractive, just be sure to "vet" or check prices on your books,especially those which are older or out of print - before using The Personal Library Kit.
7922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works fine but I don't need it anymore.
3) Type 3
When it comes to buying any sort of notebook, my first stop is [...] to see what exists, then I make my selection and hop on over to amazon to find it because it's usually cheaper and I like the shipping options.
6903	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome
The paper weight is great and works well with my lamy safari.
9191	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I was replacing an old belkin waverest mouse pad with this one. Its been a few years so it was time. They must make them differently now. The wrist rest was extremely uncomfortable and gave me pain in my arm. I had to switch back to my old one. This is just sitting on my desk gathering dust now. I'll be buying a different one in the oval shape with hopefully a better wrist rest on it like my old ones have always had. Not sure what rock material this is made of now. It sucks.

8996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy purchase, item exactly as described.
3039	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Too funny!
4185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	so pretty!  and the planner's layout is just what I wanted.

6755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best planner I have ever had. As an online homeschooled student on two sports teams and taking dual enrollment courses as well as my high school courses, the hourly planning layout is awesome. I am super type a and love to do lists, and the one along the edge of the left page is super helpful. it also has a monthly calendar in the beginning of the planner, and this is great for an overview of your schedule's big events. overall, if you are as type A as I am, this is a good planner
5595	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The ink bleeds through to the other side. I was hoping for better quality paper.
5578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and love the larger size. Still an excellent product. Color runs he same as the smaller journals.
9240	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Darling, sturdy owl file folders.
5827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	10/10

What the hell happened to the good version of these? I need a new one, and all I can find is garbage ones like this.
Please see the images below for sizing reference and what is included in with the calculator. Overall, I recommend this calculator as a cheaper and more portable alternative to a TI-83
1279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	a gift
7533	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Its a good calculator to do simple math up to physics.
Weight is 4.4 oz [ 125 gm ] so you can take two [2] if you record a lot of information and it fits into your pockets nicely.
92	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really nice book cover.  Bought it for a large study bible.  Fits the book perfectly and the cover is very well made.  So far very happy with it!
7367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed. A simple calculator. Great price! Can't beat it
This is one of the few very nice scientific calcs left around, I like the RPN, and the programming capability.  It would take ten times the time to write even basic code to do a math program than it takes with this powerful little calc.  I was as excited playing with it as when I bought one of the first electronic calculators.
I highly suggest this for any of my fellow bullet journalers!
2115	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i-Clip magnetic page markers are a "neat" page marker concept.  For about three dollars ($3.00), you get eight(8) - 3/4 inch by 1 - 1/8 inch, heavy plastic strips with thin magnetic strips.  The markers fold, and like an alligator, clamp onto the page.  They do no damage the book, and can be moved by prying the leaves apart.  A quick and easy way to mark "Bullet Points" in any book.
437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I watch a lot of world news and was constantly looking up where certain countries were located and what countries bordered them.  So I ordered this map after reading several of the reviews.  It is large and takes up a big part of my wall but is quite attractive and is laminated so that it will stay fresh looking for years to come.  Each country is in a different color is quite distinct and easy to find.  This map suited my needs quite well and I'm very pleased with it.
2714	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really do love these notepads, I have one for meal planning from the same people, and I love this one almost as much. This is a great way to keep track of all the little things I need to do around the house but always manage to forget about. I like having a dedicated place for household to do stuff only, it makes it easier to find what I'm looking for. Also this has a magnet on the back, so it can easily go up on the refrigerator.

9712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great



http://www.amazon.com/Wenger-Swibo-4-Inch-Boning-Knife/dp/B001XMNOZ2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=home-garden&qid=1262020680&sr=8-2
The only downside was the cost. I think my trusty original HP 32Sii cost less than $50 new. It lasted well over a decade of everyday use. Our Maine Coon cat caused it's final demise by turning over a glass of lemonade on it. I expect this one will last as long. It arrived in very good shape. It's a shame some math department minion did such a poor job of permanently scarring the back of it with a heated branding iron. Twice. On both the calculator and the slip case. I'll use my original case instead.


I originally bought this to heat my 800 sqft college apartment and it has since been keeping numerous friends warm heating their apartments.  If I hadn't bought my own place and installed a heat pump, this heater would be right next to me.
3468	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This roll of self-sticking wall paper in a large chevron pattern is pretty nice, especially for apartment dwellers like me. The roll is fairly large  I didn't do a large area, just part of one wall  but you get around 16 feet of paper thats roughly 20 inches wide.
Four small Philips screws are used to secure the back. A small screwdriver will be fine. Jeweler's drivers are not required.

9990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item received.
This could have received a 5 star or a 4 star rating.  If it was insulated I would have given it a 5 star rating.  I guess one can't have everything! ----
2) Hit the Y^x key
2797	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rather than use the paper placemats to play tic-tac-toe while we're waiting for the wait person, the grandchildren (10 and 13) have a variety of games "at the ready" that we can play and still talk to one another!  Electronics not allowed at meals thank goodness.  So they stay engaged and the grownups at the table have a little fun too!
9041	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This mouse pad is good for the price in terms of an everyday mouse pad. It's fairly small, so it's not ideal for gaming, but it does provide fairly firm (not goopy) wrist support for your standard internet scrolling. The support itself has a divet in the middle, which is sort of weird but I suppose it's supposed to be where you put your wrist. It sounds like whatever material is in there is wrapped in some sort of plastic, because you can sort of hear it crinkling around. This might be in response to previous support rests basically... oozing. Overall it's a good mouse pad for the price and it'll get the job done.


8895	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I replaced an very old mouse pad with wrist rest that was damaged and leaking goo. I am pleased with the new Belkin pad. It's comfortable and a perfect size.
9392	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works well but feels cheaper than my old Texas Instruments classic calculator.  Sometimes the keys don't register but overall a solid unit.
9184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
2646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Funny!
1563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable stamp set.  Great quality.
515	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This wall chart has helped me become far more organized.  Instead of cluttering my desk with a bunch of file folders or sticking important file folders into a file cabinet where they are never viewed again, I can now hang them right on the wall in a convenient location.
7513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works well, and good price.
6607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son so he can use it for school.  He actually uses it (to my pleasant surprise) and likes it.  So, I highly recommend it!
2892	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love them, will order more
9822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sticks better than the white tape with black print on plastic.
8017	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't comment on how well this works except to say that my daughter's 6th grade math teacher almost expects every student in her class to have this specific calculator. It comes with a lot of functions and also a cover. My daughter has been using it without any issues and it is similar in price to some basic calculators so worth the money.
For me, I found writing in small college ruled notebook while trying to hold it open to be an unnecessarily cumbersome task. It affected my already illegible handwriting (good thing I can type well) to something even less than legible...a chicken scratch at its worst.
829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	their MOST revolutionary lp. changed the course of serious music. the intro is a rocker from paul which segues into a very sweet
7259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	best

9852	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good job
3521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great makeup bag, I can fit three eyeshadow pallets, and everything else I need nice and neatly into this bag.
Is this a heavy duty staple gun, as advertised?  That depends.  This is probably not the staple gun I would use for heavy construction but for lighter duty, household stapling such as re-attaching insulation or making a Christmas wreath from branches and a plywood form, this is certainly heavy enough.  Long-lasting?  Yes, I expect this staple gun to last many years.  That's heavy, man.
Also, for easier removal, the tabs kind of stick together and on the sheet, fold along the length, the straight line, which helps some.

Not a fan of this calculator however I gave it 5 stars because it is great at what it does (calculate finances!).
7209	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I keep re-ordering these, because I love the 24 lb paper. I use this with my HP printer for customerr billing, flyers, and general office printing. This is a good heavy grade paper but still is paper not poster board. I get very little ink bleed with this so I have a nice bright background and crisp clear text and images.
6923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it, perfect

4048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great planner.  I have been buying this product for three years now and really like how it includes a monthly calendar at the beginning and the daily calendar for my to do lists.  It is the perfect size for fitting in my purse and the band holds it shut.  With the wire spiral it can be completely folded over and holds together well.  I would definitely recommend over other planners I have had.
The price is decent for Moleskine notebooks; at list price each page is about 5 cents. (Amazon generally sells them slightly cheaper.) If you want bargain, go somewhere else, but if you want a nice notebook with a relatively low number of pages and are willing to spend a bit of money, you can't go wrong with these.
compare it to the Subaru Cross Trek of automobiles.  Hope this review helps someone.
3134	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as intended.
1848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Border
So be careful whom you buy from.
7261	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Seller! Great Product!
2972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We always have guests over and enjoy a good sense of humor, we've gotten some great sign-ins so far, looking forward to reading all future sign-ins.
393	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted. Came on time , it's perfect!
8537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Texas Instruments TI-30XIIS-Green(LIME COLOR) , Just right for all areas  and just perfect for any age young or old alway a good item to have.

7458	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	used by florida schools for state testing.
3055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was super cute and my friend loved receiving it. Really fun to fill out!
I expected this binder to be similar to the others but it is different.  Mainly, it is only 1.75 inches thick and it is not quite square, being 11 inches by 11.5.  It holds a lot less sheets.  Also, it provides stationery for printing recipes which I simply won't use.  Sheet protectors will work fine, you just will not fit as many in.
6028	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Very small, not many pages.  Made out of recycled papers from some foreign country.  Inferior paper.  Not what I expected as I like to draw in journals I can carry in my purse.  It did not say it was colored papers.......sort of a dirty yellow color.  Not what I wanted at all.  OH well, can write notes in them.
619	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Made of a good material. I use it to clip my keys too and it has not broken. It is very sturdy and does not feel cheap at all. I have had key chains that broke quickly in my pocket. Great material and cool packaging.
9053	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	basic and good

9180	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love
3612	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	no problem

9699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I actually bought this for my son to be able to do his homework on the couch (for some reason, his favorite place to do it). This allows him a flat, solid place to write on , yet he can move around, while also providing storage for papers, pencils, ans scratch pads. Though not what this was intended for, it works great.
You can't get updates or downloads anymore...skip it.
8957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pad! We went from not having a mouse pad to having this one and the diffference was like night and day! We also really enjoy the fac that it has a spot for you to place your hand, that is a nice added bonus.
So, when used up on one page, the pens can give nice results. Otherwise, the scent and changing colors are just a gimmick. I'm sure there is a very specific market for these. I am not part of it, and can't imagine anyone who would be. I'll eventually use them up as they are decent quality. But I can't imagine buying them again.
  * Power Supply / Device


647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ok
5029	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these they are perfect fit in my traveler's notebooks!
This is a heavy duty stapler and it is impressive. To operate it require maybe 2 to 3 lbs of hand pressure to operate, which will prevent many small children from misusing it. The mechanism is "jam free" and try as I might I have been unable to jam it. The coil-spring is very powerful, and I managed to score a couple of baskets (waste baskets that is) from over fifteen feet.
more from the same vendor. I bragged at work about how much money I saved my employer, who had just bought the
This is a journal (for me) that I will fill up with notes and art ideas and field sketches and keep it for reference.  However, the paper is so nice that if one wanted to; they could remove whatever the were working on to frame.
2605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very cute
8763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS MY 3rd ONE...BOUGHT ONE FOR MY WIFE TO TAKE AND USE AT HER WORK. WELL MADE, AND DOES WHAT IT NEEDS TO DO....GREAT PRICE !
5232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Use it every day.
2925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice

No need to worry about power, batteries or service.  But then, they don't sync with any electronic devices :)
Later NOte: I noticed that there is a change on the paper. Its still strong but thinner.
8420	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am learning Chinese calligraphy with ink brushes,  this paper hold up great,  it feels just like regular print paper, which is a little thin and cheap for art paper, for my purpose, it works great,  the prices fantastic.


7439	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The HP 12 C used to be a reliable product. Not sure what has changed. Had this calculator for a couple of months, then it stopped working. I went online, researched a fix, to no avail. Now, I find out that Amazon won't take it back.
4311	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm working on my own cursive writing and I've found this program is one of the easiest to master. When I worked in a school system, I found students who used this program mastered cursive writing faster because the cursive component builds on the printing component seamlessly.
1754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The kid seems to really like it, so all is good!
4790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots of room to write big, professional looking, durable, fun to use.
CON
9169	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	using it right now. works great.  i haven't tried competitors, but it works better than anything else i've tried.
6966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this pen! Attractive and the price is right!
Exactly!!!
5967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I carry it with me everywhere.  It holds up well to ink and watercolor sketching.
7304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered one of these and one of HP Inkjet Paper, 97 Bright, White, 500 Sheets/Ream, 8 1/2" x 11", 24 lb.  However, I received two of HP Inkjet Paper, 97 Bright, White, 500 Sheets/Ream, 8 1/2" x 11", 24 lb. instead which has different packaging [Not the blue and orange color packaging you see with this item].  So, either they sent me the wrong item, or this (blue and orange packing) item no longer exists; in which they should update the photo of this item.  Regarding the item I did receive [HP Inkjet Paper, 97 Bright, White, 500 Sheets/Ream, 8 1/2" x 11", 24 lb. ], I am very happy; Excellent paper for everyday use and for high-resolution (600dpi or higher) projects; Black and color print in high-quality on this paper.

2103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One It's one of the best bookmarks I've see (and I had my fair share of these), Proved to be durable and properly sized.
5382	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great notebook. The size is perfect and it's extremely durable. I use it to take notes in meetings and it's become a conversation topic before meetings. Be the first in your office to get one because everyone in mine wants one, but they don't want to look like they are imitating me.
8344	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are great calculators.
3582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very tiny, but useable. Works well on certain projects.
  * Optional
- then it's a full 12 pages of calendars starting with August 14- all the way to december 15 with a notes section on the bottom the whole planner
8186	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a dozen of these to use in workshops teaching teachers how to use some of the functions available in scienfitic calculators.  So far the calculators have performed well; appreciate the solar charging so no battery replacement necessary..  Price is low enough that if one "disappears" I can replace it without breaking the bank for a graphing calculator.
It does not take watercolor. Watercolor will just bead on the surface unless scrubbed in. Hope that helps. If you enjoy working in pencil and fine-liner, this may be for you. If you want to lean more towards watercolor in a moleskine, make sure to get the "watercolor album" instead.


7524	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am an engineering student. This is the third calculator that I purchased in the past year, after the TI-30 and the TI-89, both of which still work. That does not include a calculator app that I purchased which I actually use most of all. I bought this one because often professors will limit the model of calculators allowed on his/her test to the ones that can be used on the PE and FE exams, making this one allowable unlike my TI-89. I'm not going to compare this to the TI-89 because they are in different categories. This calculator is better than the TI-30 due to its capabilities of performing integrals and derivatives, but the number one reason I bought this to replace my 30 was that it could perform row reduced echelon form (rref) on small matrices. Don't know what that is? Suppose you have three equations and three unknown variables, rref can solve those variables for you. This can be useful in Statics class or for those taking algebra. For those of you taking linear algebra...I think you are going to use something more powerful because the Ti-36X Pro limits matrix size and you are likely to perform other operations that this calculator cannot handle. I'm not going to get into all the features that the 36 has that the 30 does not, but I will mention that I like that the 36 uses E for inputting scientific notation compared to the 30's x10^n. It takes up less space on the screen and looks cleaner.
1103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this every week for my chemistry notes and labs.  So far it is awesome!!  I love that it makes copies of my notes.  This has allowed me to turn in notes and still have them.  It also allows me to share with friends who are out that day!!  I would not be doing so good in my chem class without it!!
4448	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The kids love these crowns, I bought these for the kids and they love them too.
5596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notebooks so much, I wrote about them on my AndyLikesThings blog!
  * 600 dpi x 600 dpi
6729	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use these on Bible Study students.  Helps them really learn where the books of the Bible are.  Great for kids as they learn the animals along with the books of the Bible.
714	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Not my usual style calendar, (I like movie character or oddball calendars)  but this is really pretty in my vintage laundry room and has almost framable reproduction art on each month, with space for all of my appointments!  Thank you!
I, personally, bought this book for my passwords and websites. It fits easily in my purse. I love, love, love everything about this book. You will too!
6381	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	They bleed through the paper and I'm not pressing too hard.
I enjoyed the fun learning my students were having so much that I bought another set for my class and 1 more for my son's class.
8345	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
6909	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Did notice a little difference from my originals (now over 30 years old).  Still timeless classics though.
2979	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	they loved it
7804	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was a bit worried looking at the comments that the calculator would come and not work but I'm pleased that I received it today in pretty good working condition. It looks pretty new but I will say the screen displays the numbers a bit light but that may just be it needing new batteries. Overall, it's pretty good
4466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this border!  It's so bright and colorful and goes with any color bulletin board paper!
5015	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had read the other reviews on this product, and decided to take a chance on the higher price than other 'sketch' books. I needed something sturdy with thick pages. I am pleased to say that I got that and more. The quality of the paper is wonderfully smooth. The hardbound nature of the book makes you feel more secure when trying to work on your art in a not so structured environment. I am most certainly only going with Moleskine from now on for my artistic book needs. I hear they make a good watercolor book as well.
6329	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great little rack to hide your cables and especially those big 'power bricks' off the floor. Was very easy to install, comes with screws to bolt on underneath your desk. The pair of 5" pole mounts comes detached so you can mount them how ever far apart you would like to mount them to your preferences. Its a real Ikea brand, so if your looking for the actual Ikea Signum you can just get it here without going to the Ikea store. And its little under 27".
5137	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i wanted something easy to keep my notes in and small. this is perfect!! its so smooth and nice to write in. these notes will be mine for a long time and a huge reference in the future so i needed this. i will be back for more!!
3063	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased to give to my wife at dinner one night.  I filled out the fifty statements in the book and gave it to her.  She loved it and now carries it in her purse.  She pulls it out when she needs to be cheered up.
7834	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter uses for High School Trig....works great and she loves the color.
5129	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Arrived on time, well-packaged. Item as expected.


The pages take ink very well, and are a soft creamy white - which makes writing for long periods easy on the eyes. The small touches such as the ribbon bookmark and the elastic band make a huge difference - find your place quickly for more notes, and the band prevents the notebook from opening up and allowing pages to become crinkled and crushed. The binding is strong and rigid along the spine, and is like a book. You can simply store these on bookshelves without any difficulty.
5324	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I came into contact with Moleskine journals in graduate school, when I noticed a classmate using them.  She said she liked them very much.  She was using them to take notes, but I used them in order to follow the advice of a longtime friend that I keep a journal of my experience in graduate school.  I'm 68 years old now, and received my master's last May.  I lived away from home during my year-and-a-quarter in graduate school, including a trip to Washington, D.C. one summer for research on my thesis at the Library of Congress.  I like these little journals (they come in various sizes.  These are called "large," but I prefer the ones that are even bigger).  The paper is of good quality, and holds the ink from my fountain pen well.  The covers are flexible, and I like that.  The flexibility makes them easy to hold.  The back cover has a flap where you can put notes, business cards, whatever small pieces you may need to hold on to.  I'm continuing my journals, and happily continuing to use Moleskine journals for that purpose.
September 2005 -- About a year and a half after I bought my second one, the second got as dirty as six week old bed sheets, the mouse wouldn't slide over it easily, and the wrist pad got almost sticky.  I just bought a thrid one.
1412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and price for the product. Bought one for me and one for a friend. Love it!! Fast shipping and good packaging.
2696	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this for our Gag Gift Christmas party.  It raised a couple of eyebrows; but was a hit with the younger generation.  Im 79; and still have a sense of humor!  I thought it was a great gag gift.
642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a postcard collector/swapper who regularly sends and receives cards from all corners of the world.  This collection of 100 Maverick Postcards is truly a great bargain! It has a great mix of what I consider art cards and cards with text only. I confess that I don't really "get" all of them, but they're still fun to read and send :)  Highly recommended!
9879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very affordable and works great!
6731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's exactly what I had wanted and expected. Love the coloring of the tabs with the animals. Easy to read and locate the books in the Holy Bible
223	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you look at the color patterns, you'll see how this is designed to help kids count by 2s, 5s, and 10s. I really like it.
4694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy with this product that i have ordered many colors...great for workshops, journaling, classes, easy to carry. great colors.
622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and high quality product.  Quick delivery.

837	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The bell bottoms were hideous, and so were the clogs with mini skirts we couldn't sit in. I would never ware those fashions again but the music is still good and the beatles were a part of everything.
The "test" or "review" sections have different levels so you can pick one suitable for your child's grade.

9003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Arrived on time, no complaints whatsoever.
4678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed a notebook small enough to fit in the breast pocket of my white coat, to jot down quick notes when needed, or rounds in the hospital or whatever. I was worried this would not have enough pages or be too small - but it's not. It's perfect and very low-profile.
4277	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good value.  I like to use this for keeping notes on sermons and other readings, thoughts I have.  The size is handy for carrying along with my Bible and just generally keeping around the house.  Will order some more.
7090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the only cartridge that will give you complete satifaction with a Cannon printer.  Believe me I have tried ALL the off brands to save money but in the long run you save by purchasing the name brand product.  I do a  lot of Photo printing with my cannon and no other ink will do the job
From minor streaking it became streaking all over.  Called vendor, got replacement--the replacement did not even print an image, told vendor and they refunded.
9967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
Twenty-two spots in which to fill in range from date to weather to location to people met and notes, campsite, recommended sites, etc.  As long as the owner keeps the information up, they'll always be able to remember nearly everything there was about that campground and even make better choices next time..
If you just color just for enjoyment, then you won't mind the fact that pages are printed on both sides.  If you color to create frame-able artwork, you will definitely mind that you can see the shadow of the black ink from the backside of your work shining through.....  And if you color both sides, you will soon find out that the paper weakens and tears when you try to color both sides in the same area.  You will have to choose which side to color--and I've found that it is sometimes a difficult choice to make!
5293	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There are Moleskines in every size that fit all my needs, but this is the one I use the most. If I am researching a singular project - whether it is gardening for next year, my Mom's 75th birthday, or a trip to Paris, I start with this blank journal.
  * Font(s) included:Fonts Included Qty
Also, for an organizational system, I bought several packs of these in different colors to record information for reference. I label these "Health" (enter symptoms, visits, tests, etc. with dates), "Guests" (include dates and menus), "Weight" (if I'm keeping track!),"Auto" (what and when repairs were done), "Computer" (problems to have my kid teach me how to deal with when he visits!), etc.--you get the idea. This works better for me than most files and other systems I've tried! Probably because they're accessible--they can be tucked into a small convenient space, and are good-looking enough to mingle with the dcor.
6432	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	took a while to get it to stick to the wall (don't use tape, will not hold), but otherwise good teaching tool.
4.  It has a lot of tools in this tiny little thing:  It has a hammer, window breaker, flashlight, wire stripper, knife, pliers, cutter, bottle opener and other stuff which I frankly don't know what they're for.  I'm sure outdoors people and sports people would have a number of uses for all the various functions.

8693	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works
5505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have always enjoyed this line of product.  I am especially pleased that they have branched out to such stunning color options.
2969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love using these at work.
7730	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These calculators are handy. I'm a math major and purchased this for a work related class, as they wanted to instruct on a scientific calculator, but not a fancy or costly one. I've been impressed and carry it around with me still. I have a TI-83plus and a TI-NSpire CAS, but this one still fits a niche. This particular blue calculator was a second purchase for my daughter for high school geometry class. She loves it.
2570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this world map that we ordered from Amazon.  I ordered it so that my son could put stickers on it for science.  It came packaged in thick plastic, a cardboard tube, and a rectangular box, so it was very well packaged.  There were no scratches, folds, or other imperfections at all.  The map is very large, which is exactly what I was looking for.  It is well labeled, also.  Another thing I like about this map is it's neutral colors.  No hot pink countries here.  It is nicely laminated, so I am hoping eventually when we are done with the science stickers, they will come off.  If not, it wasn't very expensive, so I'd order another one.
9370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	easy to use, worked right out of the box and definitely a good idea for anyone taking finance classes.
I would have given it 5 stars if the price hadn't been so high. I'm guessing it doesn't cost them that much more to change the color of the plastic used to made the lids!
It is July 27 and today I received my 2018 ARGYLE SWEATER daily calendar!  I am so happy!  I will have to tuck it away so I don't take sneak peeks at the upcoming pages!


2876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Good.
9421	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it every day
2307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little bookmarks for gifts or for yourself. The message is wonderful and always so uplifting. I will most likely be ordering more soon.
4231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this book and the words on the cover. It tells you you are not alone. Am very happy I haveit.
6640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not only do these divide the books of the Bible but they do so by law, poetry, prophets, etc. My second set!
8548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome calculator especially for easy algebra. I love it. It is also good for engeneering and people that work with conversions of different technical types.
2939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this company's note pads.  These, in particular, are very cute.  I like to have little things around like this to give as a little gag gift.

a tab template, but I preferred to set them up in my own spacing. Once you get the first 8 tabs, lining up
4922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	moleskin notebooks are so worth the price.

1371	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	got there for my 9 yo
360	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use this as a wall map for geography homework. It's terrific. It's got good color, and good detail. We put it up with 3M poster strips, which are removable from the wall. The poster hung up easily. It's been up for over a month with no problems. We have it at eye level where the kids pass it every day.
7226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply put, I LOVE this paper.
7863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
I've developed a taste for Japanese knives, so I'll give some of my knives to younger family members.  I'm sure they'll like the LX ones.  But I'm going to keep a couple of them.
4242	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this journal! The hard cover is sturdy and glossy which is go beautiful! This picture here does it no justice! The only thing I don't like is the way the lines are ruled on the pages. They are a bit on the wide ruled side, which I'm not a fan of. I find myself using more pages than I normally would to write what I need, which means I'll be finished with this soon, which I'm not too happy about. But I LOVE THIS JOURNAL SO MUCH!

6087	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these sketchbooks for my mix media journaling, always! I do not use anything else. I have learned over the years that if your going to spend hours and hours on your art then it has to go on good paper in order for your art to look good. Moleskine uses great mix media paper in their journals that doesn't show thru the other side and is heavy enough to use multi medias on. Super quality!
5257	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good I like it
But overall, this is a great recipe binder and organizer for all those treasured family recipes!
6675	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I received my 2016 edition today and can't wait to start using it come the last week of December!  As stated in all of the five star reviews, this is a great planner - study and very well laid out.  I personally love the way they have put the monthly calendars together at the front of the planner - for my business I need to plan week by week and it's great to not have to flip around the planner to the next month.  The delegation & teamwork section I will probably block out with pretty washi tape since I don't need it and it will decorate my pages nicely.  Great product!!
1282	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Ok.
- The notebooks are NOT manufactured in Italy, but rather in China (with a small number of notebook models being made in Turkey or Vietnam).
7060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Try the local supply store? If you can find it at St...les, its way way too expensive. Found it right away on Amazon; fresh stock and fit right in came w return mailer just right..
8487	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what the schools required for the math lessons. All works fine.
Rounded corners mean they do not 'catch' during normal use, or handling. Square/sharp corners on tabs = unintentional tears/rips in the pages, so always have scotch tape handy... :)
435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!
2673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy way for provide positive feedback to students
2615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I no longer have to write lists from scratch anymore and risk forgetting stuff. Plus my family have begun actually adding things they want and need to the list, so no more complaints of never buying anything I was never told/asked to buy. Everything is planned ahead of time from all parties so I can just snatch and go 
6508	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Hard cover is OK, but the At-A-Glance is so much better. Doesn't lay flat to write write on etc.



These are Moleskin quality. They feel great in the hand. They are pretty and the paper is smooth to write on. But these are magic. Write something on the paper. Snap it with the Evernote mobile app, and suddenly you have a searchable version of your notebook. Seriously - this is MAGIC. That idea that you wrote down? Now you can find it later. If you have ADD, there are these brilliant moments of clarity and insight that can be stunning. But, often, they are fleeting and elusive. If you can capture them and turn them into a searchable archive, you have just extended the power of your brain. This is life changing for me.
7480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful calculator. My TI-89 graphing calculator broke, but I needed to still perform the complex equations. You can easily look at previous calculations, segment parts of equations, use sin, arcsin, etc. Best of all it is simple to use.
The sketchbook pages are just the right thickness to not let any pencil writing show-thru on the other side of the page. All-round great little notebook. The best of its kind in the market place right now.
4415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are find but I wish I would have gotten a different color.  Took a little time to put them on.

3997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fit perfectly on the handle. They need to make something so the soap doesn't just run out when its laying face down.
1785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these, I buy one every year now!


806	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
4057	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great on a tile floor with office furniture.  Put on the bottoms of furniture so I can move them much easier when needed without worrying about the flooring.

5736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these, great quality and a classic look
7677	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The calculator responds well, and it holds firmly in my hands.  It is easy to see why this calculator has endured over the years.
8126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product is excellent for making cards.

4012	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I live in a Spanish style condo and I use this to mimic Spanish tile on the risers of my steps. Feeling in free hand a secondary color to bring out dimension. And to make it look like time I finished with a high shine spray sealer to seal the color mimic tile completely. My friends are impressed with the finished look

7604	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great and the size is very good.
9966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
7662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was restricted to non-programmable calculator models for Chem and MicroBi classes.  I ordered this one at the beginning of the semester about 4 months ago and I still don't know all the functions but it has worked fine.  The display is easy to read, even under those horrible flourescent lights in the classroom and the sliding cover that protects the display and the keys fits securely and doesn't get knocked off in my very full backpack.  I'd recommend it.
2982	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is so cute!  I collect rollerstamps and this was one of my unicorns!
easy to use , easy to see . and in a cool blue color
I do have to replace them every couple of years. Due to the oils in my hand over time, 3-5 years with daily use, the pad gets a grungy look to it, so I replace them. It is well worth the investment to keep clean flat smoothly working mouse pads around.
7235	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent value. Very good quality output. We're still enjoying the cartridge.
8107	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So happy I bought these.  High quality paper for a reasonable price.  Looks beautiful on even a cheap inkjet printer.

3598	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made, incredible deal- very insulating.  i really like these colors as well- I bought four of them in three colors. i sometimes put my carbonated drinks in this to keep the carbonation longer as well as the coolness.
1557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm really impressed with this teapot. I know it says 24 ounces, but I'm just amazed it really holds that much, it looks so small! I got it ivy and LOVE the color! I also appreciate how deep the infuser is, so even the water at the bottom gets infused with loose leaf tea. Also love the silicon (?) inside the top, when you press down on it, the top doesn't move, so I don't worry about the top jumping off when I pour. 24 ounces is definitely plenty for one person! I love this thing! (I'm also a novice loose leaf tea drinker though and this is my first ever teapot, so grain of salt I guess.)
8708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the support this pad offers the wrist. Very comfortable and natural feeling.
8510	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected. It is a standard black color and functions as expected.
1652	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these.  A wonderfully handy way to bookmark a book.
My wife took a look at my Moleskin sketchbook and what I was doing with it, and now she wants one! It's really great if you jot down thoughts -- I keep it with me wherever I go.
1166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Classy, clean and simple design
8448	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use, very affordable scientific calculator for high school and first-year college math and science.  Not a graphing calculator, but the second line of display is very useful for showing the input as well as the result of simple calculations.
9530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a librarian, I work at a computer most of the day, and this is wonderful.  Not to soft or hard, and the material allows my wrist to move over it without problems.
8124	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This brand is all I will use for card making. Top quality
8554	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Overall I do not recommend this product. I remember this calculator from several years ago during various math classes. Bought this as a replacement as I require a calculator with specific test specifications. Works great and very intuitive, however the keys require just enough more pressure than they used to so that it is annoying. Perhaps they will become broken in. Not yet though.
9507	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for a college accounting class. It did everything needed but I was disappointed that it did not come with extensive instructions. The buttons have to be pushed in a particular order to get the correct outcome (such as the future/present value of $1 or an annuity). I was able to find helpful videos on YouTube to show me how to use this.
2.  Lays almost all the way flat when writing
The RPN system isn't hard to learn (at a basic level it works similar to an adding machine), and the functions on this calculator take input and spit out output in a way similar to Excel (i.e. negative numbers for payments and positive for future value, etc.). I found mine the other day after not using it for a while and immediately used it for a discounted cash flow quick analysis I was later planning to do in Excel. It told me the on-the-fly answer I needed.
3700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Maxim's Undercounter LED are easy to install and uses a fraction of electricity. The old Fluorescent lights always hummed and burn out after a few months. But the LED Puck lights lasts for years!

9425	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have had this mouse pad before.  It really helps with wrist pain and very comfortable.  The only complaint I have is that it has a very strong chemical smell.  It does fade away, but for the first two nights, my house really smelled like the chemicals.
3012	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my family member who loves books. She lets others borrow her books, and has a hard time tracking them. She was really happy to have a fun way of keeping track of her books. These are something that's nice and cute to have, but won't get it for yourself. Perfect gift!

6629	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	no comment
4065	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice stencil as all her stamps and stencils
7824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was definitely what I needed and for a reasonable price.  Thank you and keep up the good work.  Will certainly deal again.
1836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product

6975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I BOUGHT THIS PEN TO REPLACE ONE THAT I HAVE HAD FOR 37 YEARS. THE ONE I HAD WAS A LITTLE DINGED UP AND SOME OF THE GOLD WAS COMING OFF, AND SINCE I LOVED THAT PEN SO MUCH, I BOUGHT A REPLACEMENT. ONE THING YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT CROSS, THEY FULLY BACK UP THEIR PEN COMPLETELY. I HAD ONE GO BAD AND THEY REPLACED IT FREE. AMAZING COMPANY AND THIS PEN SAYS IT ALL.
7158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice paper. Works well with printer
8898	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazon's Price is Hard to Beat!
5767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and works well with my watercolor and acrylic paintings with no issues.
7063	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this is the toner that i needed for hp4 laser printer and it was at the right price so i bought it
- No off taste that you would get with stainless steel or plastic.
5561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little books, they are the perfect size to bury in your back pocket and seem to be holding up to quite a bit of abuse being sat on and dropped and tossed every day.  The paper is a heavier gauge than most little notebooks so my fountain pen ink doesn't soak through.  The pages are perforated which helps to remove them without compromising the spine.  They are pretty small which i think is perfect at only 4"x2.5".
My original Gel-eez wrist pad lasted nearly 12 years. I bought this one new in October 2010 and in less than 3 months one of the cells burst. After cleaning it up, it actually made the pad more comfortable. The 2nd cell burst last month and now I am debating whether to make another purchase. Definitely not the same quality as the original one sold by Case-Logic.


We're getting ready to do a kitchen remodel and I expect to be using it heavily during the process. I will update this review as needed.
Why "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band"? There are 13 good reasons. The first is the title song, and the last is "Day in the Life." The 11 songs in between are equally classic. You know them already.
The carafe is lovely, sturdy and functional, all you'd ever want in a carafe.  I give the carafe 5 stars easily, though I deducted a star for the seller.
So this is a very well conceived product though it absolutely has to be stressed that it is a specialized one.  Please note:  THIS ISN'T FOR EVERYONE.  If you don't want to use the Notebook to plan your trip it is going to be very close to worthless.  I'll emphasize again:  this is only as good a product as you make it.  But if you use it to help you plan your trip, it could be the single item you would most loathe to be without after your notebook.
2015	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great for finding my place in the notebook I use to take notes in a daily meeting.  I'd buy them again.
1221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	usually "adult coloring book" makes me think of a coloring book full of pornography that I get to color! which I would also buy in a minute.
7993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this so my son would have the same calculators they use at school for homework. No complaints. It adds and does all sorts of math things as required.
  * 3, 1
9630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you do a lot of work on keyboard/mouse (as I do) - you will want to protect your wrists against repetitive stress injuries - and this item does a stellar job for a decent price.  Extremely comfortable, good-looking, and a case where form follows function without destroying aesthetics - a must-own bit of kit as they say in England!  Final thoughts:  Great precision with laser optical mouse is an added bonus!
7331	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	l read some of the reviews before buying this globe and I was skeptical about it especially because I read the Northern hemisphere wasn't aligned with the Southern hemisphere, but when I got it everything was aligned. There was only 1 or 2 longitude/s line that was misaligned but you really have to look for it. It was about a quarter of a centimeter off, not a big deal. Some people I guess had bad luck.
3894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was an extra set, my wife loves these dishes, just wan't to have a spare set in case any broke.

1593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought these through Amazon warehouse to take on a trip, so I would not have to bring my expensive Champagne glasses and risk breaking them.  These are very thick - may be too thick for some people, but just what I wanted.  Very pretty pattern.

4184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Snoopy, love this pocket calendar.
9520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have had this for quite a few months now.  I never had a wrist rest before, but glad I decided to order this style.
5098	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the best journals ever! I also use the watercolor one.

6035	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	heack yeah! it looks good, sturdy pages. give it a twirl

5998	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I find that the soft cover feels a little nicer in the hand than the hard cover, but until you get a little ways into the book you need a table or some other surface to write in it.

9310	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I tend to wear down these, but as of right now, I love it.
1446	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Because I liked the book she wrote about Mother Nature and the poem within that same book. The picture was a plus in my
5835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought ir for my bf, and he really liked it! The quality is really good!
7771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because my solar powered scientific calculator wouldn't function in the light of my living room.  It works very well and it turns out I like the placement and function of the buttons more than my other calc.  It seems much easier to use.
3588	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the plaque for our camper wall. We will be fishing and hunting so I felt this was appropriate. Very well made and good looking.
5834	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	what I exactly needed
Unfortunately, old HPs are now collectors' items and are no longer affordable. I like and use mine but I wouldn't pay going prices for one. (But I'm never going to sell mine either.) The 33S is not a good alternative, the bizarre keyboard is almost unusable and it's a flimsy device.
8902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you need this for your Canon printer etc.... this
9473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice!!
3174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits all my borders!
My only complaints are that the newer models are way thinner than the older ones used to be and that the price is way too high (but, with a relatively long life span...sometimes many years... it will kind of "pay for itself")

4331	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought another mom's calendar for myself and then found it didn't have a pocket.  So I checked that this one did and got it for my daughter.  I suggested she get one last year and she scoffed at the idea, saying she and her husband can keep track of everything (including twin boys, two cats, etc) on their mobile phone calendars.  Well, after one appointment card went missing and the clinic said they didn't have them on their appointment schedule, I think it's time to go back to a paper calendar.  I think she will find this very useful to keep track of everything.
3714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute. 2 year old boy loves it.
5923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these.  Over the years I have owned many of them in various sizes and styles.  I carry this Soft-cover one daily with me to jot notes, reminders, ideas and thoughts while on-the-go.  I prefer the soft-cover because I can slide it in the back pocket of my jeans and hardly notice that it is there.
5622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this as a gift for my mom. She loves it.

pad is grippy enough to stay in place
Some things haven't changed, however, including the limited, though curiously useful feature set.  I'm so accustomed to RPN that I refuse to use calculators (or apps) that don't support it.  RPN is FAR more efficient and intuitive.  I no longer bother programming my 12C, but still find it the quickest way to calculate a loan payment, payment and payoff scenarios, NPVs or IRRs.
Author of "A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America's Sick"
2877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to provide instant feedback to students
5681	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best  sketch books on the market nothing I've found yet can beat Moleskins. Moleskine brand is the best in my opinion, you can spend less for other sketch books but they just aren't the quality of paper that Moleskine has.
Not necessary to have added that statement.
1921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter likes to catalog her "library" of personal books and check them out to her siblings. These are a good value for the fun product. Use with Hygloss Library Cards also bought on Amazon.
Moleskine 2010 Daily Planner Box Set   Cover Style  Soft cover
2727	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A fun item; just makes me laugh "mental notes"
9863	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as it should.

2541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful map
9068	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice Belkin quality!
8450	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Our granddaughter has so much fun with this paper from drawing to making custom gift wrap, it keeps her busy and using her imagination for hours
7483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is compact, very handy, easy to use and fits my needs for a calculator.  Its price is quite reasonable.
2220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just wish I could actually put it in the book before I fall asleep and lose my place!  I was hoping having a bookmark would help that.
Also, slap in four 750mAH NiMH batteries. You will NOT regret this because these calculators drain alkaline batteries in half a semester of intensive use. We didn't have cheap NiMH batteries back in the day - TI actually pushed the use of Rayovac Renewals (remember those rechargeable alkalines that only lasted 5 charges?) and our other choice was NiCd. Forget all that. Slap in four Energizer 750mAh NiMH batteries and you'll save yourself a LOT of money in the long run. That means more money for video games and other forms of entertainment in college.
There are also several sections with blank tabs, two are lined, two are sectioned off (like, for writing cute things Baby says, or something), and two are blank (for drawings or photos, the bottom of the page says).  The tabs that you can use for the blank sections seem a little weird; some say "Facebook" and "YouTube" so...I don't know what you would put in sections like that, but there are also a bunch of blank tabs so you can make your own.
1059	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	not a lot to say, it is a Topographic atlas of alaska. i am "old school" and like paper so i plan on using it with a hand held GPS for a camping trip.
As always the stickers included to mark various events are whimsical and appropriate.

986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	PRODUCT WAS EXACTLY AS EXPECTED--AND ARRIVAL TIME WAS AS STATED IN THE ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATE
2986	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've received nothing but complements from my coworkers wanting me to drop one on these on their favorite PITA. I only wish they were post it type notes with some type of non-marring sticky back instead of having to use tape.

6466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just received this, and I think it is going to be perfect for my needs. It's spiral bound, so it has a small-ish footprint. The space for Saturday and Sunday is the same as the other days. There is a year at a glance calendar up front. Monthly calendars are next to each other. There's space for weekly tasks, plus space to track projects and progress. I plan to cover up the actual times listed with washi tape, since I don't have to plan to that detail. I can use a Pilot G-2 07, and ghosting thru the page is minimal. Also, I absolutely love that the printed lines and text are there, but seem to sit in the background so that my writing is front and center--it's perfect for a minimalist, task-oriented approach to planning. And, perhaps most importantly, it doesn't way a ton and it's not huge and bulky. I commute. I tried a different planner in 2016, but it was too chunky and heavy to carry with me everyday. I tried a different brand size 8.5 x 11 at the beginning of 2017, but the binding came apart and it was really too big to carry every day. I've tried a LOT of planners and planning systems over the years, and I actually think this will work for me. Time will tell, but I'm already excited to buy another one for next year.


7424	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife was continually borrowing mine (and forgetting to return it), so I bought her one for herself.
5678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great size! Fits into sleeve of my wallet. Perfect for back pocket carry or any pocket. May be too small for some, but that's what I wanted.
9060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not bad for the price.
4141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
What really ruins it for me is the paper quality.  I've heard it varies from one batch to the next, and it sure seems like I got one of the bad ones.  I found many combinations of fountain pens and ink are prone to ugly feathering and bleeding in it.  With many of them it's impractical to write on both sides of the sheet, which basically cuts the notebook in half from what it should be.  TO BE FAIR, I found I could tame it by choosing the right ink (Noodlers Black) and using a not-too-wet fountain pen.  Indeed, I would be willing to take this extra effort to adapt to this notebook's quirks if there were no better alternatives out there.
6072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected and described.  Does the job.
7444	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Handsome design.  Very solid feel.  Cover too tight but I have an easy fix for that.
85	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	this is a cheaper product, but it will still protect the bible from wear and tear. I cannot complain about it.
2415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So before I purchased this, I looked at the reviews and was intrigued with how people either loved this, or hated it. I'm glad I read the reviews because I was prepared for it being small. For me that's a good thing, because I have a box that I keep all my stationary and mail things in, and this address book will be able to fit in it.
6124	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is nice. But it doesn't prevent ink leaking very well. The ink can actually penetrate pages.
Although it is 54 pages, there is also much smaller writing space. I find I can usually go through each book in about 8 weeks so I keep a few extras around.
3488	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I picked one of these up on the recommendation of a family member.  I carry a a bunch of keys for work and have a total of 12 keys on my keysmart (including my 2 house keys).  I also added a Kingston thumb drive (which is handy to have just in case, but I may remove it since I so rarely use it).  I ordered my key smart with the extension kit (this item alone will not accommodate all of my keys).
1545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A beautiful, quality throw that made a wonderful birthday gift for my best friend. She loved it!
3344	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good intro to geography and mapping. It is targeted for K-2 and I felt that the level of difficulty varied widely from page to page. I skipped several pages at a time in a few sections, but plan to pick them up at the end of the year. Over all, a fun intro to maps, etc.
I have plaster walls that are somewhat uneven in places. Even so, I had success with this. You will need a squeegee of some sort to help with the application but you can also peel up and restick if you have to. Go slowly and measure before so that you can match the chevrons.
Funny thing is, is that I consider myself a 'pen snob' and this was a big mistake.
2802	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Smaller than I thought it would be, should have read the description more carefully. Printing is too small to be read easily.
4405	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

  -The manufacturers stamping on the top of the rear tube is clean, clear, and precise - (meaningless, but a nice detail).

6848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent ballpoint pen well balanced and comfortable in hand when writing. Stylize and superb design.
8997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this. No more sore wrist. Using it right now to write this review.
The books are geared for the particular year (the one I have is for 2010) with dates and days of the week printed.  If you use the January 2010 book for say January 2011 the days will be off.  The individual notebooks are well put together, stitched for permanence.  They are less than a quarter of an inch thick and virtually weightless.  I often have to carry huge, heavy books to and from my teaching job so I definitely like the light weight and lack of bulk.  The paper seems to be of good quality.  People who travel a lot will probably like the info in the front with a world map, international dial codes, international time zones and holidays, etc., though I really would have preferred a few more blank note pages.
2198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great bookmark!!  This bookmark is awesome and great quality!!
7339	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a Christmas gift for my grandson, who's interested in geography.  I relied on Amazon reviewers to select this globe, and was not disappointed.  It's well made, and has all the necessary elements.
4973	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these little notebooks/sketchbooks for when I travel. Doesn't take up much space & they are good quality. I like to have a notebook of some sort to take notes or just doodle.
2266	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to put in Easter baskets (cutting back on chocolate).  They are very nice, and exactly as shown.  They would make a really nice reward as well.

1431	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	i hope this book and pamphlets help me get through my business courses and help me under stand the concepts better the first time around
The gel wrist rest is a nice feature.
Jim
9734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Will purchase again

1136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Extra nice and well made calendar! Would highly recommend to others!
8820	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for my wrist

> For me, the most important feature of this pad is the stiff backing and flip top cover board. Both are very stiff and sturdy, providing great support for writing in your hand as well as great protection for the pages within when you tuck the pad in your pants pocket or work bag.
- Dogs
6795	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buttery smooth writing!  Beautiful pen.
Anyway, I read a lot of non-fiction, mostly academic books for my day job as a law professor.  I tend not to like to write in my books, which becomes a problem for keeping track of useful parts of books that I might want to come back to as source references for my own academic writing.

7308	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works just like a HP product should, this paper was bright white and holding up to others you can clearly see the defference.
9179	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product.
4853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm so happy I got this planner.
These 32S and 32Sii calculators will continue to be my desktop companions for as long as I continue to require a calculator for my home and office needs. Long live RPN!!
1684	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was slightly disappointed
1.  Paper thickness:  Somewhere in between that of stereotypical sketchbook and Bristol board.\
1302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like these.  The smell isn't overpowering and they write smoothly.
1435	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Okay...

I was provided this product for a completely honest & unbiased review, the words stated above are my own.
9729	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A great durable clipboard. If you work in a tough environment and require a clipboard, this one will serve you well.
1997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like these markers. They are just the right size. Very handy item. They keep my place in my books.
4704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the red cover.  The pages are thin and good for writing (not drawing).  Good size, sturdy cover, everything a Moleskine should be.
Thanks!

2829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't use this notepad as a weekly planner.
6829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My work demands a lot of interpersonal contact, face-to-face, over-the-phone, and written. Recently I have moved the more intimate of these communications off the electronic impersonality of email and onto quality stationery. At the same time, I've bought two fountain pens, my first ever, combining this polished chrome Cross Century II with its black-and-gold twin. One stays at the office and one by my writing desk here at home.


I especially like the decoration inside the front and  back covers which are multi- colored thin and thick stripes in brown and gold hues.
Seems well-built - better than I expected given the price. Excellent choice if you're looking for a small desktop or hand-held calculator.
3318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this devotional!
5141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ive used these for so many years. Can't do without them. There is no better because most planners over complicate things. Simple, clean format, durable and easy to use. Perfect.
I wish Amazon carried more colors of the labeling tape.
Although the newer model 1795sv has a "wrap-around, windshield" numberical display, (instead of what is to me, the far more esthetically pleasing and clearer, "picture-frame" numberical display, found in the older model 1795sv), the numbers still are well-spaced and clear to view.  It also has the nice, l a r g e numberic display, which is not only on this newer model 1795SV, but also on the older model 1795SV.....and also on the belated, dearly loved, and sadly lost original Texas Instrument "1795" model, (no "sv"), which I once had, and enjoyed more than both of the "1795sv" models put together!  (It was small, handy, and a beautiful medium-bone-yellow in colour.  It also seemed to stay on FOREVER -- pr at least an hour or so, if I remember correctly.  Oh, that Texas Instruments would bring THAT model back, sigh!)
907	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great
3544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a junkie when it comes to spray inks! This is a great subtle color, and I find it goes well with other colors too!
7425	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The math teacher wanted that one

6534	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A very nice planner! Very easy to use and organize, it benefited me very much in college.
2371	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good


9801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Most people would not trust me with a staple gun. That is because I have the hand equivalent of two left feet and I am as likely to staple my thigh as some upholstery. So here I am with one, and I have to say I have not managed to staple anything unintended or cause any injury to living things, including myself.

shipped fast.
A special bonus is that these indexing tabs are easy to use. I have never been very coordinated in crafts, and now that my hands are full of arthritis, it is tough for me to use small objects such as indexing tabs. These tabs are so well made that even I can apply them to a Bible. The set contains directions and spacing aids that take the guesswork out of applying each tab (for example: "have I left enough space to allow the tab to be seen?")  If I can do this, almost anyone can do this.
When I stumbled on the Moleskine line of notebooks in a book store years ago, I quickly fell in love with many of their products. Given their high quality construction, superior page weight and texture, and great range of colors and sizes and formats, this shouldn't be too big a surprise. But of all the Moleskine items I've tried, this is my all time favorite. While their side opening, book-style pocket note pads are wonderful (I have several), much of the note taking I do in the field doesn't provide the luxury of opening the notebook on a table or in my lap and writing in it with one hand while I hold it open with the other. For "writing in my hand" field notes, I've always preferred a notebook that opens from the top, not the side. For years I put up wtih inferior, flimsy, poorly designed flip top spiral pads that drove me nuts. Then I found the Moleskine Reporter. THIS is by far my all time favorite notebook in the flip top configuration. Why?
1007	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm a biology professor, and I teach microscopy. There are experiments in this book that I didn't even know about. My nephew and I are gonna have soooo much fun. I can't wait to share this with him and work with his new microscope. This is waaaay better than buying kids pointless games. Learning is food for the brain and it's better to start them while they're young.
4358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were easy to install onto my son's bible!! I am considering on ordering myself a set!! Just love the colors!!
6986	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	What can I say.  Cross pens are great.  This is a particularly good looking one.  Currently resides in my main briefcase.
4623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The stencils are made of a thicker plastic that is holding up to the abuse of a preschooler. They are organized with labels, and have everything from letters and numbers to planes, holiday designs, etc. Our child loves using them, they are clearly durable, and they have enough variation in designs that the stencils will get lots of use. A good purchase.

8787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Mouse Pad and supports my wrist...High quality.

Every girl who sees them wants one.  They are actually functional as well, holding a reasonable number of pencils and pens and staying zipped in her backpack.  Even her older brother conceded that they were amusing.
1513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	HONESTLY ... I was pleasantly surprised at what a good value it represents. "IFLYING" has outdone themselves in comparison to Swiss army knives. This is a very good tool. Love all the extra features like the hammer, auger and several other functions. It also comes in a stout, very nice, durable-canvas carrying case, with a snap-down, "flap cover" and slits in the back so you can wear it on your belt when working. It also makes an excellent 'safety feature' to keep in your car in case of an emergency.

Jerry
5385	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality notebook
7228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received product quickly.  Works very well.  Good price.

Susanna K. Hutcheson
7126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This review is for the new product, supplied by Amazon. This is indeed a new product, supplied in the genuine HP retail box. There is a notation on the box saying that some parts may have been "selectively recovered" from cartridges returned to HP for recycling. I take this to mean that HP is incorporating some recycled parts in new products to keep them out of the landfill. Sounds good to me. The product looks and works just like any new product would. And if you want to return your empty toner cartridge to HP to recycle it, easy instructions for that are in the box.

1547	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The pan looks too small to hold a whole box of brownie mix, but it did.  The little nibble cup was very cool, but I can see myself losing it.
1766	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The calendar is a disappointment. As soon as I removed the shrink wrap, I realized the cover has already been damaged. The prints are of low quality. Dull, the colors of the images are not even close to what is showing on the webpage. The national parks are breathtaking (I've been to quite a few of them featured in this calendar) but most of these pictures are simply ugly.
5132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	God I love these.
9138	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased this to replace an older Belkin WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad.
231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my classroom. This is my second year using it. I laminated it just to ensure its durability. I don't have any real complaints.

7866	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good thing.

5713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted.
8631	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!!
6390	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I adore these highlighters. This is the second time that I've bought them, and they are most definitely some of my favorites. The best part is that they don't bleed through the paper at all. I can use them in my textbooks, planner, and even my bible without worrying about ruining the text.
7699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works like it should!
5943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really like these journals -- they always hold together forever for me.  So happy to find them @ a great price.
4287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product is well put together, came in protective plastic covering.  Flexible leather, smaller than expected, but I read the dimensions incorrectly.  The lines inside the journal are closer together than I had anticipated, but this product is beautifully made, I'd buy another one.
7043	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I looked long and hard for a cheap digital answering machine with 3 or more mailboxes and more than 15 lousy minutes of memory.  It's a pretty short list.  The GE 29869GE2 gets the job done for a good price.  It's cheaply made with lightweight plastic but I have no issues with reliability or interface.  I wish the audio quality were better - but I can live with it.  I also wish my cat didn't erase the outgoing message by walking on it so often.  Moderately recommended.
7142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used this calendar everyday of the school year.  It has held up well and is part of my morning routine. Quick delivery. Good product.
4355	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great to use with an adult Bible, but wouldnt recommend using this for a child Bible. A little too delicate to be handled by kids.

These little notebooks are the answer.  Can't believe I didn't run into them sooner.  They achieve excellence through elegance.  Simple and well-made, they do their job without fuss.  A few things I like about using mine:
1336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These pens are so cute and write smoothly!
Rhodia copied the style, but not the paper or construction, nor durability.
3789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gift.
The only problem is a lack of memory, 384 bytes seriously limits how much of a program you can enter.  But it's not horrible, and I''m pretty sure if you need to go over 384 bytes writing a "real program" on a "real computer" is a better alternative. Even a PDA is much faster and easier to program... and new ones cost less than the going prices for a "vintage" HP calc like the 32SII.
9366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mousepad for my office! It's a little big, but it's very durable and great overall!  My other mouse pads last 2-3 months. I'm still going strong with this one! Great product!
7634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works really well.  It will work great for my college class
1709	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
2952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notes. My friend at work and I enjoy ourselves so much with these simple little notes. Brings laughs all day.
5863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The construction of these journals is tight and the paper is excellent for writing, sketching and every day life.  I enjoy keeping journals and always turn to Moleskine for my tabula rasa.



1826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	high-quality border
Update:  04/18/2012
9573	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The mouse pad works as a mouse pad should.  The wrist support supports the wrist.  I wore my last one out after 10 years, so I replaced it with this one. Case closed.
1686	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift, and the recipient loved it. There's nothing like starting your days with a laugh and a reminder that you're not alone in the world of cubicle craziness. Highly recommend.
937	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
477	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my grandson for Christmas.  I bought this along with other maps, tacks, and flags.  Everything arrived by due date.
6634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work great and are easy to apply. They make looking up passages so much easier...
expensive.  If you are one who is always misplacing or losing stuff then
2004	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These work great.  I use them all the time in my home office
8340	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent choice if you don't need a complete set of engineering and statistical or complex scientific functions.
This thing has some good qualities: it is far more durable than a regular reporter notebook, and it has a lot of pages. But it is too dinky to be practical for anything other than your big ideas and grocery lists. It's shortness actually makes it awkward. C-minus. Elsewhere, I review the large Moleskin reporter notebook, which is also not an actual reporter notebook.
- the ink is a little bit to hard for moleskine paper and you see some traces from the other side of the page.
7012	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know anything about gold, so maybe this is typical, or maybe it is some kind of discoloration.

Bottom line- this massive tome is well designed and constructed of first rate material. The only thing I really dislike is Moleskine's cult-like status.
5516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Moleskine-Ruled-Notebook-Large/dp/8883701127/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Moleskine Ruled Notebook Large</a>
1325	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Really love these pens for how smooth they write since its gel. If you write in journals, this is what I recommend to use for rainbow colors. I also like that they smell nice when your put your nose to them. My favorite is the pink scent ;). The yellow and light green sometimes doesn't  work well but mostly solid. A con would be the price for how fast they run out but still very beautiful colors
Some colors are hard to see.
2527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
2282	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i like how big it was. i love anything Irish. its easy to see where my place is in my book.
7205	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
1559	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	For my application, they did not work. I needed something to help keep my homemade sparkling water fresher than placing a piece of plastic under its regular cap. The problem was, these were not big enough in circumference sooner, so when I placed them in the hole, they were nearly flush with the opening. But the worst part was after sitting for less than a minute, they would pop off, like a cork on a champagne bottle!  Funny, but not workable. They work perfect for wine bottles though.

3788	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was a gift and recepient loved it.

5534	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like this little notebook but it a little pricey.
5402	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The only good thing is the cover, and the paper make me feel nothing right.

The one I purchased before seems heavier and more durable thus 4 stars instead of 5..
5862	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I searched for a long time for unlined notebooks that were not also sketchbooks. I considered purchasing Moleskinne's more expensive variants, but settled on these purely from a price standpoint. The quality difference is noticeable, but it really doesn't matter to me. The more expensive have a nice cover with a band that keeps the notebook shut. They also have more pages and just "feel" nicer. These notebooks, the cahier, sport a flimsier sleeve and lack the band. They also have fewer pages. The quality is without a doubt a cut below, and if that bothers you, you may want to go for the nicer model they offer. I really like the notebooks, though, and will buy more when I need them. If you want some decent unlined notebooks, you'll find them here, at a fairly reasonable price as well.
5009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When they say extra small they aren't joking. This is a very small notebook. It could fit in most pockets. I love Moleskine products and this is a quality notebook. This was purchased as a gift for a friend and she loves it. She uses it for grocery lists. The green color is vibrant and the construction of the product is very durable.
I am really disappointed with the state of affairs in the digital answering machine world (and regular telephones for that matter, but that's a whole other story).  Tape-based machines, which have far superior fidelity compared to these digital pieces of junk, are no longer made.  I am truly perplexed why we can't get the quality of commercial voicemail servers in a small package.  Are the makers of commercial servers are in cahoots with the folks who make consumer models to keep the quality down?
5952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	one of the best notebooks ever

CONS:
6614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it.
4718	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This review is for the sketchbook that I bought August 2011.  I've filled it and wanted to buy a new one, but notice they don't seem to be the same.  I'm feeling a sadness.  I would hate to buy one and find out it has been cheapened.  Maybe if I just judge it for itself and don't compare it to this older one with the creamy soft pages that let the pen glide across leaving a perfect line every time.  But how could I not?  The other question might be to ask if there is anything else better.

5892	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Service, Great Product
  * Generic
706	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I was looking forward to using this tool as a guide to kick start my college semester and work. Just like the book, it's too confusing and jumbled to know what to do. Mainly only talks about her life and not much on helping the customer.
But overall I'd recommend it.
6291	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For you Moleskine users out there, this is a nice addition.  It has six of the same pockets that are at the back of a standard Moleskine notebook.  I don't carry mine all the time.  But I do any time I travel.  It's a good place to store all of my receipts and anything else I collect while out.  I can even organize them a little...different pockets for business cards, receipts, etc.
I bought a cheap calculator to replace it and have been very disappointed. I plan on getting another calculator like these before my statistics class next semester.
4367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm so very happy with this product. Came as was said in the item description. Thank you
6874	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good.

5948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	After a multi-year search across many brands, I've settled on this particular notebook from Moleskine as being the perfect notebook. The paper has a nice feel and heft, the elastic band works well, and the flexibility of the cover allows me to keep a pencil securely stuffed inside.
I received one set from a patent off of my wish list. My kids (students) loved using these for Literacy and math centers.
3562	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This company always has good designs.  This packages doesn't disappoint.  There are a lot of pieces stuffed in the package.  Good for mixed media, collage, card making...all crafts.  The images are pretty but probably boring for kids.
The items to stencil are small.

1697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THE ARGYLE SWEATER 2015 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR
1720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This such a great gift for guys.  Husband, sons, brothers, brothers-in-law all love this as a Christmas gift.
2628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product is not at all a necessity, but I absolutely LOVE how it helps me organize my thoughts when facing challenge decisions. I tend to way overthink things and have taken to making my own decision tables, but I love that this pad does it for me, and all I have to do is fill in the blanks! I can also offer it to others to read over and keep my mind in check ;) Furthermore, the witty little remarks throughout the page lighten the mood when critically analyzing the life out of your situation.

6439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Bible Tabs are great. I love that they have plenty extras to practice or to index any additional books/appendix in the Bible. The tabs are small but easy to read. Great product!
4274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased for my step-mother and she loves it.


8215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking for semi-gloss greeting paper and bought this to give it a try. It looked really nice and didn't jam my printer like some stiffer card papers do.

6206	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	But I religiously buy these as they are the best, and most easily obtainable pocket notebook I've found. They're not as tough as most, but they're stitched instead of stapled. This is a major selling point for me. They don't take up much room in your back pocket because they're thin and fountain pen ink, in my personal experiences, has worked fine in them.
I used the TI-89 primarily for theoretical math but came in handy for standardized tests as well.
9050	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Saves my wrist.  I love this little mouse pad....
1346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my 9 year old daughter loves these.  She even wrote me a thank you poem.
5503	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice to have some variety.  Great for journaling and note taking.  It was nice to get a different color to organize different thoughts and make the right journal easy to identify.
All of the songs are melodic and poetic in nature.  With the enclosed lyrics and a little insight about how each song was derived, each composition conjures an array of colors and creations derived from their personal lives, a cereal box, a child's painting, a circus poster, and newspaper headlines.  Each song sounds like John, Paul, George, and Ringo were having a good time, and this can be heard with the title track, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band," the reprise, "With a little help from my friends," "Getting Better," "Lovely Rita," and "When I'm Sixty-Four."  Always the contemplative member, George also adds a tinge of eastern sounds with "Within You, Without You." However, the capstone song on the record is John's "A Day in a Life."
  * SIMM 72-pin
4500	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So great, I bought another one!
7706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought one to replace at 10-year old (can you believe it?) Texas Instruments solar calculator that's finally getting long in the tooth. Love the large numbers and keys and no purchase of batteries.  Works fine under most conditions - dark rooms, no...

The left side calendar pages are just right for about  5-8 entries and the right side lined pages are perfect for notes and drawings.
6187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this journal! Perfect size for bullet journal! It really is of quality, this is the first journal I've purchased from Moleskine and first actual journal I've bought with the intention of journal, it is fantastic! A great way to stay sane!
1230	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this coloring book and the pencils provided. I own just about any collection of colored pencils, from Faber Castell, to Carandache and Inktense to Luminance. After trying the Derwent colored pencils I am hooked again to buy the full set of these as well. They lay so nicely in my hand and there is something special about them. Every good quality pencil has a different feel and slightly different color/hue imo. The coloring book has a southwestern feel about it and the equity of the paper is superb. It comes with some fine introduction into layering, blending etc.which is useful for new colorists. A very nice book to get you started in the coloring book craze; to see if it might be a new hobby for you. Highly recommended!!!

1550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This IS the one that you can't find anywhere else.
2839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big hit as a gag gift in the office.
8592	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I wanted a Palm Vx because I love the looks but finally settled on the Palm 3xe for several reasons.  1)  The hassle of charging a Vx when travelling is greater than the benefit of not dealing with batteries in  general use.  And a cradle or more expensive travel kit is needed for use  with a second computer or travelling.  2)  The cost of Vx accessories are  too high.  I liked the 3xe because I wanted to hot sync my computer at home  (3xe travel cable is only $17 compared with $40 to $50 for Vx) with my  computer at work where I used the included cradle (free with purchase).  And 3) the bulk of the Vx cases made them as big as the 3xe with included  flip lid.  And this cradle is $20-$30 on top of the price of the Vx.  The  bottom line: The the nice looks of the Vx cost $210 more with all the  accessories like a case and travel kit.  Not worth it.  I'd rather have two  3Xe's.

4342	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this book to use with high school students diagnosed with Aspergers. It was a great conversation starter and helped those students critically think about social interactions. Additionally, a few students asked to make copies so that they could practice certain skills at home. Recommend for all those who work with adolescents diagnosed with PDD
Some journals, even high end ones, sort of 'catch' your pen, particularly if you use a roller ball or fountain pen. Moleskine doesn't do this at all. Just smooth writing for every type of pen I've used - Sharpie, fountain, rollerball, ink and rapidograph.
3135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ok
6093	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, fits in your pocket nicely. I carry one around in my pocket to write down important things that come to mind.
8332	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it's the same as the one i bought on my college campus except you can see the buttons a lot better
I have since been keeping a journal and find it very rewarding.
8246	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Perfect cardstock for creating my own greeting cards on my inkjet printer.  I used the templates for Microsoft Word, and they fed nicely into my Canon MP830.  Totally satisfied and will use this for future cards.
862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When thinking of music I really dig, I always wind back with Beatles tunes as part of my list. So do you. That's why you are reading my review. Maybe we can bicker about the finer points of Beatlology, but we both dig the Fab Four's music as a whole.
6525	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Usually get the black hard cover Planner. Ordered the red, cover not as strong, front/back cover and pages get stuck on the spiral binding so its hard to turn the pages. BLACK ONE NEXT TIME!


8916	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good support and pad for the money.

4605	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very good for children.  They can spend hours with it.
5560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks for bullet journaling.
5777	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very, very, very good watercolor paint book for traveling.. I love it and I'm already looking at getting other sizes plus this size.
4143	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my needs! Love it!
4779	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for notes on the go. They wear in beautifully without looking too ratty. I do wish more pages were perforated.
5488	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love moleskine! This journal is no different. The dotted grid makes it great for bullet journaling. With some pens there is a bit of ghosting which is the only downside.
232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is colorful as described in the picture and  large enough to hang around one wall in a standard size classroom
4049	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	blah

5164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A Solid and well constructed journal - good for sketching, writing, all occasions. Good quality paper, ink does bleed through depending on type of pen though.
5036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm hooked. How did I ever keep track of notes, freelance work, conversations, ideation or anything else without this style of ever present journal? Pocket sized, which allows me to keep it with me even when I eschew a bag.
4656	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the second year that I have decided to keep track of my life with the help of a Moleskine.  I used to have a PDA and I just decided that it is much easier to just jot things down quickly without having to charge, sync etc.  This is a compact book and you have room to write in events and there is a lined sheet for every week to write down phone numbers, shopping lists, comments, memos. If you have ten meetings a day this might not be for you. I have a few children and we are all involved in something and this has worked for us.  You might wonder if it's worth spending the $. I found his to be really sturdy.  I carried my old one around for 18 months usually at the bottom of my bag and it still looks pretty good.
2159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the graphics print.  A well made bookmark for $3.
1161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sister needed something to write on, brought this book for her. It works wonderfully for her.
1639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it~
5887	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The watercolor paper isn't the best in the world, and this sketchbook is more expensive than others. So why the popularity? Well the size is just perfect, it fits well on hand and in a bag, and is not cumbersome. The book is made is with great quality, the pages are not loose, the cover does not feel cheap and holds together very well. I guess for the money it is worth your drawings staying together for ages. The actual paper however, could be better.. it buckles with even a light wash. But still, there is a band to keep the book together. A great product for a student.

9066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made and functional - as described. Very happy with this pad and a good price.
2587	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I thought it would be.  Should've read the description better.
3522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice, color is bright and doesn't fade.
3.  Magnet is not that strong.  Use it over one or two pages only, it will not hold any more than that.
8952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  I've been using it now for about 2 months and I haven't had nearly as many issues with my wrist or tendon pain in the top of my hand.  Seems to be serving its purpose well!
2. You are so reasonably priced, I can buy several and not wind up reading the same book over and over
The construction, shape, weight, balance and diminutive size of these glasses combine to make these glasses objects of beauty, as well as functional repositories.
There's a lot of extra stuff in the front that's highly motivating but I could honestly do without. It just takes up space in my personal opinion but it could be really inspirational to some.

2757	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and quirky Christmas gift.
607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One of the best investments I have made when my child was 5
2444	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This goes with the book. So we had to get for our Niece. Hope she likes it.
1602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This file is sturdy and beautiful. It actually feels/looks like embossed leather & takes file folders to new heights. After seeing the quality of this product I would not hesitate to purchase other products from this company.

1744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
1520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice, very affordable multi-tool. When folded is is about 7 inches long and it weighs just about 14 ounces - substantial stainless steel construction. The device is an easy carry in its sheath (included), your toolbox or even your tackle box, and the sheath has a velcro loop letting you attach it to your belt if you prefer to carry it at your side.

3156	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great
3899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The "American Kitchen Stainless Steel 6 Piece Bakeware Set" is a quality product. I doubt that anyone would be disappointed. Additionally, the set is made in the USA, which only adds to my overall satisfaction. You can tell that they are made in the USA, by the QUALITY of the workmanship, which is more-often-than-not lacking in products manufactured in that country that makes almost everything else sold here in America. Thank-you Amazon.com for carrying an American made item! You should have a special section of your web site dedicated just to American made products. Other consumers like me look for and want to by American made products, even if they may cost a little bit more, because usually the quality of the product is significantly better than products manufactured in that country which makes so much of the stuff sold here in the USA. Now, my question is, where are the matching "American Kitchen" bread pans to go with this set?
113	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice and roomy. It needs more pockets for prns etc. very attractive.
Only thing that I don't like is that it doesn't open as flat as other reviews led me to expect.
3. They rarely ripped when peeling off the sheet (about 3 ripped but it was a minor rip).
I originally bought my first TI-30Xa several years ago for a 12th grade precalculus class.  For the next four years, I then used the calculator in nearly every class as a mechanical engineering student.
8197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is a great product.  It really works great for basic college Chemistry or Biology class.
6115	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my go-to notebook for writing and for keeping track of my life as a work-at-home homeschooling mom of 5 kids. This is my second Moleskine notebook purchased and they really hold up. The quality is unparalleled and I plan to always purchase this product to help organize my life and do my bullet journaling. I love the pocked in the back and the ribbon bookmark that's attached. I also love that I can keep it held closed and secure so I can keep things inside it.

8268	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice heavy weight cardsotck.  It is not of exceptional quality - pretty much the basic cardstock paper you can find in big packages at the local craft or discount store.  It works well for run-of-the-mill cards like larger quantities of Christmas cards, but I prefer to use a better quality for special cards. Still, it works well for its price.
3159	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this in my classroom a few years ago. This is perfect for one of the primary grades, and can be referenced regularly.
8921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THis helps the tingling feeling that I was getting in my fingers.  WOrks great.
9302	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't feel like it's a high quality pad. $2 should be a fair price.
Evernote is an excellent (free) application for web, desktop, and portable devices that allows you to create digital notebooks and sync them so you have them anywhere. I happen to be a pretty heavy user of the various incarnations of Evernote and love it, too!
2322	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute little pink book. A little smaller than expected, but its fine. Perfect for my desk at work
6421	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice enough set of highlighters in a good assortment of colors, but they still bleed through, no matter how quickly I move the marker.  No complaints other than that.
"Thank you for the music journal.  This is just what I needed to encourage me to learn how to read and write music . . . and so far I have already taught myself a bit and wrote my first song on piano.  Thank you so much."
The Blue Lacquer is a deep blue and when the sunlight hits it, the pen has a bright, neon glow.  The pen comes in a rather large gift box.  The box measures 7.25 X 4.125 X 2.375.  The box is attractive, well designed to make a good impression.  There is a nice booklet that tells the history of Cross Pens.
There isn't a ton of feathering, but I can see the ghosting from two pages back using an InkJoy Gel pen, which seems pretty ridiculous. Forget using a Tombow brush pen or a Crayola marker in this thing. The color is a sort of nauseating pink, instead of the more orchid-y purple depicted on the item page.
1596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am thrilled with this purchase.
5657	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful notebook that is a pleasure to write in
9883	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice labeling machine.  I use this for labeling the many "cords" that come with all my computer & other electronic devices.
4750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these Moleskine Cahier in my handmade leather covers. They are nice to write in and my leather cover will hold three of them...so I can use each one for a different journal. They are made well and the size is perfect!
2844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it for increased office morale.  Watch the fireworks after signing the notes from another co-worker.  Then let them in on the joke of course.


3402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product
8490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted an inexpensive multiline calculator (4 line in this case) that could do simple statistics and scientific calculations.  This fits the bill perfectly.  Moreover, it is solar powered so no batteries are necessary!  It actually does a lot more than I need and at around $17 it is not going to break the bank.
2193	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Very basic quality.  The tassel is the nicest part.  It's worth a $1 or $2...
The paper is of fine quality, and the binding will last at least 7 or 8 years of continually use.

To set tax rate, type in the tax rate then press the tax+/store button.
4347	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Especially like the bright colors.  Really help you find books of the bible.
Hyp,Sin,Cos,Tan,Pi keys very accessible and visible.

I was able to observed from a short distant away that the LCD display of the BA2+N,is clearer and more contrasty than the orginal BA2+ which I own. TI gets a thumbs up for doing this improvement quietly plus giving a facelift to this already highly regarded value for money business-financial electronic calculator.
To begin with, the CD cover draws you in--what an awesome collection of faces and characters! Colorful and regal, The Beatles stand out in front of the crowd and you just know the music on the album will be superior--and it is! As people have noted time and again, this album has several classic songs that should be ranked among the best rock songs ever. The CD starts out strong with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and goes straight into the emotional "With a Little Help From My Friends." Then there's infamous "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds," about tripping on drugs--an experience many people can relate to as well. "When I'm Sixty-Four" is probably my personal favorite on the CD; but it was a tough choice between that song and "With A Little Help From My Friends."
Again and again, they are taken out.  Frustrating and no interest here.
2369	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised
3936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised, nothing special just works.  Works as advertised nothing special just works like advertised so that is all.
1598	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are unfamiliar with the name "American Kitchen," it's actually Regal Ware.  The quality of this product is superb and more than worth the price.  Everything about it is made with quality.  The weight, handling, and the even heating is perfect  I want a 4 qt. and had to settle on ordering the Cuisinart Classic brand for this size.  I am just as satisfied with it as I am with the American Kitchen/Regal Ware.  Both are more than worth the cost.
6126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are amazing! Great price, I don't even get around to sketching often but love to have one with me at all times. It's small, it looks great, it's a pleasure to use. Really, Moleskine are amazing, you'll be happy with any of their sketchbooks. As far as size is concerned, i think this large is the best for day-to-day. It's really not that big at all, fits nicely in my bag.
8405	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price for a nice calculator!
9451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like using this because it helps with my wrist if I use the mouse for a long period of time. It is also smooth and feels nice to your wrist.
8180	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality.

5559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my pocket.  Perfect backup for electronic notes.
Fortunately, the qualities of the journal carry over for this sketchbook, and then some. It is of course, well constructed and sturdy. One can know simply by seeing it in person, let alone handling it. It goes beyond that however, the solid vinyl cover, the book binding, and the thick, smooth pages work in unison to allow it to be opened without creaks nor creases. It is complete with a recovery page, a folding pocket, a flap cord... even a ribbon bookmark.
5332	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good quality and very useful for me.
from en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moleskine
3009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and fast shipping!
761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

955	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The map is very nice and I am pleased with it. The detail is good and easy to read with fairly decent roads and cities highlighted.
9706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and useful product.
2200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item!  Great quality too!
2544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This came rolled in a poster tube exactly as described. I have put cork on the back and installed it in a frame to put push pins in and mark our travels.
4820	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The build and quality are great--true to reputation.
The HP 12-C offers 120 built-in functions which are easy to use and well explained by the manual. You can enter your own functions (yes, the Black-Scholes equation will just fit into it). In addition, if you are a finance neophyte you can learn a lot about financial calculations just from using this calculator and reading the manual.
9720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and price!
4673	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like these twelve colorful little notebooks, one for each month, with ruled pages for each day.  I'm much more likely to use these books as diary and place to record info than a planner.  Though there are little two-year calendars in each notebook, with a line for day where you can write something, I think people who are really into planning and scheduling would prefer a planner that covers the whole year.  If you jot a March appointment in your January notebook you are going to need to rewrite the info into the book for March, and that's sort of a pain.  The twelve soft covered, multicolored notebooks fit into a hard backed holder and look quite pretty.  I like the brighter colors particularly, could have done without the gray for December, but the overall effect works when they are all in the holder.  You can wind up with an attractive looking record of your year.
720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I order this calendar every year!  It is beautiful and the prints in it are frame worthy!  I have several of the prints from older calendars framed and hanging in my home!  I can not wait until the new one come out every year so that I can enjoy it all year long and change out my framed prints to the new one in the next years calendar!  You won't be disappointed if you buy this calendar!  Makes a great gift too!
If you are creative and like drawings of plants, insects, and animals in nature, I think you would enjoy this book.  If you want simple drawings that you can color quickly with crayons, pencils, or markers, this probably isn't the book for you.  It is very well done but requires some skill and time commitment to finish the drawings.
I can't debate which album is the best one to buy. Too messy of a conversation. That's like arguing whether John or Paul wrote better songs. It gets you nowhere, and what you need is a Beatles album.

8155	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is nice paper.  Am still looking for an even better one that doesn't cost too much.

8869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice.
215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great book for my 4 and 2 year old kids
9888	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I expected. Prompt delivery
6016	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've always used Fabriano Journals but kept seeing art people had created in their Moleskines and finally decided to get one. I was a bit hesitant bc I read many found the paper in the Art Plus Sketchbook Moleskine still unsuitable for some inks and watercolors-which I use often. I also read about differing paper colors ranging from cream to yellow and poor quality control, and how expensive they were compared to these inconsistencies. Well, Moleskines are cheaper than Fabrianos, so I figured what the heck. The sketchbook I received has cream colored paper. The binding lays relatively tight against the spine. The paper is very smooth. It does feel similar to card stock or a manilla folder. Microns do not bleed through or FC Pitt pens. I have a dip pen I've used with KOH-i-knoor ink and Winsor & Newton. They didn't bleed. I can faintly see outlines or darker spots through the page, but I use both sides and don't worry about it. Watercolors worked fine but I don't work exceptionally wet. I've not used acrylics yet but I imagine they would work fine. Overall I'm very pleased.
3593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Who'd have thought that I'd have such success with a thermos? I wanted to make Greek yogurt and then use what I made to start new batches*. I didn't want to spend a lot of something to keep the milk and starter at 110 degrees; I also wanted something that was not plastic. This is perfect. It holds a quart of milk, yielding 2.5 cups of yogurt each time. Of course, I can also make less if I want.
8026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered very quickly, nice and cleaned up.
1402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband is a huge "Walking Dead" fan...as am I...and this is his second WD calendar in a row.  He and I both enjoy seeing the pictures each month.  Can't wait for the second part of the new season to start!
9868	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good labels at a good price
Inexpensive, multiple themes and designs, unisex--I keep them around for need-a-gift-quickly occasion--everyone has loved them!
8437	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is an outstanding scientific calculator, and an excellent choice for those who are not allowed to use a programmable calculator, or for those who have a need for a quick, but complicated calculation, without messing with a computer-based spreadsheet. It's also an excellent value for the money, so it's a great choice for anyone needing a scientific calculator, but not needing the graphical or programming features.
4631	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My four year old daughter loves stencils, and this is a great set for her to use at her little desk at home.
The software on most graphing calcs is too "bulky", they require too much effort and lose most of the convenience of a calculator. I usually have access to a laptop but I still keep a calculator handy--they're faster and easier for simple calculations, I even use it for base conversions and such.
8933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable wrist pad. It's held up well after using it for a couple months. No complaints.
2174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year old wanted a "cool" book mark.  This is definitely a cool book mark!  Comes in a thick plastic sleeve which he keeps on there.
1660	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really love this book!
8587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Unless your instructor requires you for having high class graphic calculator that you can see entire graph on the screen, this calculator does good job through lower calc class. I got this a bit over $10 at Wal-Mart, and it's been lasting 3+ years now. No issues or no problem whatsoever.
812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An amazing album by an amazing band!
6041	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskins are some of the highest quality sketch books I've used , nice thick waxy paper , sturdy backing and in a lovely portable size  with a nice strap to keep it closed and another to mark you're page
All the Cross pens I have used are Century pens  the classic Cross look.  If you are used to the Century pens, please note that the Century II pens are slightly different.  The Century II is about .4 oz heavier than the Century, slightly wider and almost  taller.  So it has a heavier feel.  The Century II feels larger, bolder but it is still un-mistakenly a Cross pen.
7336	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	PRETTY GOOD QUALITY AND ACCURACY FOR THE PRICE.

2941	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The adhesive is inadequate. Won't stay stuck on even regular paper. I brought them into the office and donated them to the supply cabinet for others. Disappointed.
8334	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great calculator for basics and cosine and such but if you are taking statistic, it will not work. Heads up: you'll need a graphing calculator.
Now I've read a few reviews about the smell. Supposedly the strong scent of industrial glue overwhelms the princesses who have bought the pad in the past. I'll be honest it smelled for about 5 minutes and that was it. And I'm in a standard sized bedroom with the windows closed 80% of the time.
6330	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This will not solve all of your cable management woes but it will most certainly help. This has been a big help for my cable management needs and I would suggest mounting your power supply next this this tray and not in it. That way you leave more room to route cables through the tray and then plug into your power supply. Anyways works perfectly and is cheap, win win
4936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little journal is very handy. A bit pricey, but for a Moleskine journal, you can't complain.
  * 1 year warranty


Sure, they're highly priced, and for some they may not be worth it.  But for someone who spends a great deal of writing and looks for details in such things as notebooks, Moleskine has done well with these mass-produced folios.
5033	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A nice notebook that I don't mind writing in. Perhaps not as good as a Rhoda, but for some applications that is a plus as I'm willing to risk these getting ruined.
5716	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Now, this is note a notebook for say college notes in my opinion as there just isn't enough pages to get you very far through the semester.  As a business or general notebook that is handy to carry and easy to write in however, this is exceptional.  The paper takes ink well, but I have noticed that using Mont Blanc Rollerball refills does show through to the backside of the page which can be annoying if you like to write on both sides of the page (and with so few pages, who wouldn't?).  At the end of the day though if you want something that is convenient, easy to stash & carry, that is easy to jot your thoughts, notes/lists on at any time I would absolutely give it a shot.
5112	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice little notebook..pretty durable and nice paper
So what do you get when you buy this?  Every book in the series follows the same format.  First there is a personal information page with address, phone, allergies, family doctor, passport number, then map information with public transportation maps. Then follows information on the various forms of transportation with phone numbers and websites, including cabs, buses, other forms of public transportation, and airports.  There are some blank itinerary pages, measurement and speed conversion charts, size conversion charts (for shoppers), then a long series of neighborhood maps, including an index.  And that's it.  The final two-thirds of the notebook are blank.  The next 20 or so pages are completely blank and unlined for whatever use you want to put them to.  Next come several pages intended for writing down names of restaurants, bars, museums, historical sites, hotels, or whatever.  The book also comes with unlabeled tabs with stickers to use as desired (for theaters, concert halls, or whatever you desire) as well as tracing paper for, as the label says, "Itineraries or Whatever."  Finally, there is the usual pocket at the back that is found in all Moleskine products.

4452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kids loved wearing their crowns

2469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a cool bookmark....
I highly recommend Majestic Rainbow Bible tabs.
6639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great service. Lovely marker for bible books.
1082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these timers! I have 3 of them. It helps my kids to keep track of their reading minutes. They don't cut their time short, and they love having it to check their time. My kids are 14, 12 and 7 who are using the timers, so it's perfect for all ages. I actually recommend these to people all the time! Great for grandparents to give as gifts. Love Love Love!
* Writing area/suggestions  - This has lines for needed info such as name, address, cellphone, phone, and email. However,  I had to write very small with my blue Pilot Gel pen. This way I can easily read the names, phone numbers, etc. I have a small to medium handwriting so this address book works well for me personally.
I highly recommend this notebook.
8316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the calculator that is required for our local middle school. I can see why. Very easy to use, lightweight, sturdy enough to withstand the wear and tear that a middle school boy can put it through, and substantially lower in price than what was required when my older children were in middle school. Very pleased.
4532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like having files available, yet out of the way.  Convenient.

7892	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great little cartridge for the printer/fax we have.  Brother is a good brand name, the cartridges last as long as they should and print well.

5313	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This notebook has served me well for six months.  Unfortunately, the paper is better suited to ballpoint or rollerball pens than to fountain pens.  For most readers, this won't be an issue. Recommended!
6585	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	scaled back down to this size. love action day
2823	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great and funny too!
8513	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice calculator, has all the functions I need for my college Algebra class. My biggest complaint is the buttons, they are plastic and flimsy and I sometimes think I hit the button but it doesn't register, obviously resulting in the wrong answer. I have to be careful to apply a lot of force when typing in my numbers. Other than that it is a good calculator for a nice price... they should have rubber buttons though.
But like I say, I think the stuff works.  And considering that it's $15 for two bottles and a bottle will last for a year of occasional yard work, and considering that a case of poison ivy hurts like holy #@%(*@ and you're going to pay $20 to see a doctor and $20 for the prednisone to cure it, the Ivy Block is a great deal.  I recommend it.
I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly, one bad pen. So later on when some new colors came out, I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.
8102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are thinner than card stock, but they still look fine to me and the colors print out vibrant.

2825	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun
705	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I found this to be an excellent resource for myself. Living with ADD is joked about, but those who have the brain activity, might laugh along with you on occasion, but, more often than not, not so funny.  This helps the ADD brain really focus on a task, and utilizes (in my opinion)the downside (short attention-span) as a positive... Repurchased this a third time.... (I think it would make a great IPAD app, so that one could avoid needing a new one every 90 days, but, until then, this works.)
6513	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Like this planner alot, I do wish it was a bit bigger but for the price and the amount of detail, I can deal with the size. There's a column for weekly tasks, as well as tasks delegated to your team, in additional to time slots throughout each day.
3528	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quite beautiful picture on the front of the folder.  Durable quality and will make it easy to identify some special papers in this folder when it is mixed with the other manila colored folders.
9836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality product
5396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a Moleskine aficionado. Bought 5 so I could give one to each of my staff. Including my millennial who never takes notes. They look professional in a meeting and hold up to being tossed in a backpack. I've tried others but always come back to Moleskine.  Amazon had these at a great price.
The product's major flaw is precisely that they  _are_ quarter-fold cards.  You'll rarely find a quarter-fold at a card  shop--especially not made out of heavy card stock--because they're bulky  and impermanent.  They're twice as thick as the more standard two-fold  cards.  And if you can fold them, your recipient can unfold them.  This  destructability fairly screams "I was made on a computer in someone's  home office."
7884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.

5722	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is always quality.  I have dozens of these and can always rely on them.
967	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Once again, National Geographic did not disappointment me.  This map is so cool!  I love the detail and coloring.  I really like the fact that NG did not make the ocean and seas blue.  Definitely Executive Style!



980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	With much of the news being International, having a map behind you in your Home office makes things alittle smoother?  I mean, you hear of something, turn around and Walla?  you know where it is.  Very educational for all ages too...Well made and I like it.
3933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gonna have a blast with these decorating the grandsons walls.
3103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality for something most people get as a gag gift.
5. Evernote camera app still needs work
1244	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	this book is very small and the pages are very flimsy .the cover is hard though .
3673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This have been awesome!  I love these for my brag tags but I've been using them for other things in my classroom too.  I've had lots of positive comments on them. I would order more.

2081	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good design


7810	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used on basic, non-graphing homework. High school and early on in college. I love the bright orange because it stands out from the basic dark blue and black that the school has for loaners.
2934	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fair....the font takes up a bit too much room.
10. Recommended for: Accounting, Finance, Business, Chemistry (Periodic Table app available), Biology, Most Math Classes (for Pure Math and Engineering, a TI-89/92 Plus is recommended)
5490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notebooks. Somehow, despite the thin paper that allows a lot of pages, you don't get bleed-through. Even though I use EverNote for many things, I rarely use the page scan feature that these notebooks support; but it's nice to have the option. The size is small enough to always have with you, but large enough to be useful and sketch in.
5825	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	At the time of writing this review, each notebook costs about $2.55, bundled in sets of 3. So why spend that much money, when you could get a memo pad for $0.75 at Wal-Mart? The answer is this: Moleskine produces the most consistent and convenient product for this size and type of notebook. The build quality is high, and the aesthetic is rustic and minimal. When you factor only price in, you miss the point of using a Moleskine.
8816	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Have had several of these mouse pads through the years.  Work well longer than some others I have tried.  Just wish the gel filled wrist area wouldn't compress so quickly and become hard and painful to the wrist after any lengthy period of use.

  * Duty Cycle:Cartridge / Printhead Duty Cycle
6825	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very good pen, should last for years.

7653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought 4 different calculators. This is my favorite! Just the right size for my desk. Large and easy to read. Will buy this again!

7495	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The calculator that I was looking for
4891	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product!
8083	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Item, fast service, thanks!
2516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXACTLY what I was looking for! I love all things travel, and I've been wanting a map to hang in my room for a few years now. It's taken me forever to find one as large as I would like that doesn't cost a fortune, or that isn't a decal that will have to be thrown out once you remove it from it's original placement. The colors are perfect, as they'll easily match a variety of room styles and I'll be able to continue using it even after I purchase new bedding/decor. It does come rolled up in a tube, so you'll want to lay it flat with heavy books or something on it in order to stop the map from curling back up or rolling.

1250	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Is it my imagination or companies becoming more and more demanding, not about a password itself, but THEIR determination of how many digits, how many letters(both CAPS and regular type), how many numbers. No wonder I am always changing my Facebook password. I just KNOW that there have been times when I have put in the correct password several times and when I put it in to change it they tell me that it was the previous password. Who can remember all these different passwords and not to forget that passwords are "Case Sensitive," which just means that when you put in the 15 digit password, don't forget that the third T is a Capital T, because if you put a lower case "t" your password WILL be rejected and you will have to start all over again. So after seeing a couple of password books on Amazon, I decided to breakdown and get one. The first one was so big that I had nowhere to put it. I no longer use my laptop and always use the iPad, so I wanted something small enough to put on the table next to my chair. The next one I ordered was the size of a pad of deposit slips with cheap paper cover and four entries for each letter of the alphabet with X,Y and Z sharing four. Ridiculous! I found this one and looked at the dimensions and decided try try this one and kept my fingers crossed.

The photos fail to show something wonderful about the pen - its nib is engraved with an intricate, beautiful pattern. =:o) It reminds me of the Gates of Moria from The Lord of the Rings.
3361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have not had a chance to use this chart with any of the children that I am currently working with; however, I love the look and feel that they will love it as well.  Can't wait to use!
2903	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love the knock knock pads and have bought many of them before.  Thought I had ordered the one that said seriously bc my coworker yells it about 10 times a day so was getting for her but ended up with the one w the high duce/awesome pads. Still worked out as gave to niece and nephew for school.  They don't stick the best but they still do what they are supposed to do, take notes.


7527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	was really a great price and perfect for a high school student.
9381	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice mouse pad....
Some people might consider this a better product as they make not like the height of the earlier ones.

1187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been journaling for over 35 years.  I have many chapters of my life in all kinds of styles of books; leather, pleather, cloth-covered...you name it.  Having survived a particularly long and adverse illness, I now find a new appreciation of my life as a result of unexpected survival.  This calls for some serious journaling and my husband found THE perfect vessel in which to write my story - this magnificent leather record; rich, fragrant leather bursting with the most luxurious almost cloth-like paper that absorbs my fountain pen thoughts like butter on a hot biscuit. I truly believe you will LOVE it as much as I do.  I highly recommend this journal, and may need a second one before I am done!
1396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas present for my youngest son and of course he loves it!
7165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 2 HP 27X toners on Thursday and received the toners (sold by Toner Buzz and fulfilled by Amazon) on Monday!  How's that for super fast shipping, and because it was fulfilled by Amazon, the shipping was also free.  The toners are genuine new OEM HP 27X toners.  The box style is a previous design (metal globe in the picture) so it isn't exactly as pictured on Amazon, but they are genuine HP toners, just new, old stock ones.  I am happy with my purchase.  No problems.  I would buy from Toner Buzz again.
I am tempted to get the couch guest book to go with it.
7582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed a replacement calculator and this works perfectly and fits nicely in a desk drawer.
There's a little pocket in the back but I don't use it much. And most brands of this kind are doing the same now, so it's not a factor for me when choosing a notebook.
I gave 2 stars for the quality of the numbers and the fact that you get 3 sets in different colors.
7300	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This inkjet printer paper is much better than the typical, lighter weight, less bright options available. The feel of this paper seems far superior to the standard 20 lb paper that is generally what you a lot of folks use. You can be proud to produce your work on this sheet, it'll convey a much better image than the other slightly lower priced papers.
3078	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	fantastic book for moms' gifts. just note that it is small.
I haven't gotten poison ivy since doing all of this.  I do think a large part of the protection is from fully covering myself and washing right afterward, but I do think the Ivy Block does really help.  I put it all over my hands and arms, and on my legs below the knee.  My hands do feel a bit odd after putting it on--remember doing pottery at summer camp and afterward you'd sort of wash your hands but after they dried you'd still have clay residue on them?  It's a lot like that.
My first question about this calculator was "What is the battery type?" A couple of reviewers kindly answered that one. Battery makers seem determined to confuse matters with many redundant and overlapping type numbers.
7406	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	An excellent calculator from a name you can depend upon--Texas Instruments!  Great to have on hand for the many things we use calculators for!
8067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these blank greeting cards for years. Very heavy stock and print nicely, including photos. Amazon's add on price of $5.35 make them a bargain. They retail at Office Depot for $17.95. I always add one of these on to a order just to keep them in stock. I write a lot of personalized cards. In fact, I have a reputation for being a master card maker. LOL.
9611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a good calculator for those who are taking business classes.  This is helpful for those taking introductory courses in Accounting and also in Finance.  You can also use this to check your Excel spreadsheet and make sure that your formulas are correct.  This can be especially helpful when setting up an amortization table.  However, if your teacher will allow it, you may be better off with a graphing calculator, like a Ti-83.  You can use the Ti-83's TVM functions to do the same things, and it is a little bit easier to learn.
5361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super precise, compact and ergonomic. Perfect pen.
9526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pad makes it more comfortable for you to use a mouse.  I rest my palm on the thick pad until I need to move the mouse.
7408	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very good basic calculator. Seems well built ,manufactured in the Philippines,not China . (a small step in the right direction ) Easy to read and the price was right.
  * Cartridge / printhead included qty

1262	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really cute. Well designed and well made for price. We split up package of 8 to give as gifts to pre-teens. Would purchase again.
9652	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I had gotten my first TI calculator in 6th or 7th grade. My TI-83+ has survived about 10 years of being dropped, thrown in frustration, left in hot/cold cars, etc. I bought this calculator for a finance class so that I could enter the calculations I need as they are taught in class rather than figuring it out on my graphing calculator. The first thing I noticed are the keys aren't nearly as good and are kind of annoying to press.  The case isn't very solid at all, I get the feeling if I were to drop it that would be the end of this calculator. As for actual calculation it has been fine so far, but you need to change decimal settings. Out of box it rounds to 2 places, which is inadequate. I recommend setting it to 5.
-Sturdy covers
The TI-83 Plus calculator combines features for statistical analysis, engineering, trigonometric and financial functions making it ideal for a student seeking an MBA.  Financial functions include TVM, cash flows and amortization, though surprisingly a percentage key is missing from the calculator.
Display clear with good contrast.
9040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just rught
We had just heard what we felt was the greatest album ever made. We must have listened to it 6 more times and always found something new. A sound that we hadn't heard before. A new interpretation of a lyric. I even recorded it and we listened to it backwards.


9686	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how I could live without this item. It is so comfortable. It is true, it does conform to the shape of your wrist, and it does relieve pain. Highly recommended.
The TI-83 is a piece of junk. It's for kiddies in 6th grade.
2448	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful THICK bookmark with beaded tassel.  Comes in a plastic cover.  ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT, great product for the price
8569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As an accounting major in college, I use calculator A LOT. When I was on a hunt for a pink one this design immediately captured my eyes, however, the floral design on the top appeared to be a little bit tacky in my opinion. After reading previous reviews though I realized that the product is not exactly the same as shown here in the pic, instead of flowers the top part is just plain white. when I got it in the mail today, i was so excited for it and started using it right away. For this price nothing else can beat this one if you're looking for a calculator that stands out.
7926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this for work because I was tired of the guys always stealing my stuff. If anything of mine came up missing I could easily find them because it is pink. This works great and now I always have my calculator because the guys do not want to steal pink items.

6689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love them
8289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lighting fast Delivery ! Great price ! Thank you you all saved the school year !
2609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect gift.
4318	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My wife and I bought our very first camper. We're in our 50's and the kids are (finally) gone.
1648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Iclips Bookmarks, are about the best thing you can buy, to mark the important spots in a book.  They are better than "dogearing" a page.
It's very easy to keep numerical records with the dotted framework, and the dotted pages leave lots of open space for legible entries. The elastic loop tends to warp the covers, minus one star.
Only issue: kinda hard to open them when they are closed on themselves -- a fingernail is usually needed.

3973	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like that I can hang this on the side of my fridge.
394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this map to keep track of all the places I have been with my wife.  We love to travel and it is fun to keep track of all the places.  We only mark the places we have actually walked around and felt like we "experienced it".
9930	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Must have been old... it was dried out.  The "metallic" letters looked faded.  Basically had to toss in the garbage.
5507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There's not a lot I can say about my Moleskine journal that hasn't been said already. They're an amazing quality journal and worth the extra dollar or two they cost over their competitors. I love mine and I carry it with me wherever I go.
I believe this pen is likely to serve me for years to come. As I learn the beauty of a fine or solid stroke, however, I also widen my peripheral vision and discover there's a high-end pen store at my local shopping center.
3832	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	When I first received these cups, I was thrilled.  The design is exquisite. They appeared to be a very high quality product...until I noticed that part of the design is chipping off the outside of one of the cups, just a month or two after purchase.  Keep in mind that I have treated these cups carefully, washed by hand, and air dried.  Royal Albert is a WONDERFUL brand.  Too bad about these cups.  I really like them, but they aren't up to standard.
6802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent ballpoint pen, good price.excellent ballpoint pen, good price.
8465	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Math is not my best subject and this calculator is perfect. I highly recomend it for students from high school on.
944	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Once again, National Geographic did not disappointment me.  This map is so cool!  I love the detail and coloring.  I really like the fact that NG did not make the ocean and seas blue.  Definitely Executive Style!
*) Straightforward financial calculations. Sure, I could write a program for my HP 32SII to do financial calculations. But why, when I can just key in the data directly to the HP12C, push dedicated financial keys, and get immediate answers. This calculator has most of the financial functions you need in a calculator (amortization, depreciation, NPV, date functions, etc.) along with the basic complement of standard calculator functions (ln, mean, standard deviation, factorial, etc). The complexity level is about right for a calculator. It doesn't take a computer science degree to operate it like the graphing calculators require, and it's far more capable than the $5 Walmart brands.
soft enough to be comfortable

4809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	decided to give these a try, after being a very satisfied Moleskine customer for years. I keep one of these nestled inside of a Moleskine Mini Organizing Portfolio, both of which serve as a perfect everyday carry pocket accessory. The notebook is a great size, even for someone with larger hands like myself and the bridge becomes conveniently pliable before long, allowing for easy opening and quick note composition. Simple product, simple solution, simply works.
5028	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. Meets my every need and with quality!
- Although not a problem per se, the laminating plastic is VERY glossy so (even though it's crystal-clear) at some angles there's a lot of glare on the surface.
9324	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very comfortable wrist pad.  Not too bulky and doesn't take up a lot of space on the desk like many wrist pads do.  The material seems to be very easy to clean as well,  always an important feature in dusty offices.
3206	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Product!
5443	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm really impressed with Moleskine.  I use mine for my journal.  I started writing again about a year ago and was using a different manufacturers book, that while not bad, just didn't seem to feel like quality, if that makes sense.
5127	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these on routine patrol.  They are very sturdy and the paper is easy to write on.  The notebook has a ribbon placeholder and an elastic strap to keep it closed.  inside the cover is a nice sized pocket to put things like driver's licenses, court calendars or vehicle registration.  I'm sure it works well in the civilian world as well but as far as a police notebook its fantastic!
572	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is good quality and working well for me.  I only wish pocket charts were universal in where they put their holes for hanging.
5270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply a blank book. Cover is bound in leather (it looks like) is incredibly durable with thick, high quality paper, high quality binding, with a tasteful black elastic band for holding it shut and a somber dark violet marker ribbon attached.
7334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes I know we all rate a product differently depending on our expectations for a particular product and whether or not our expectations are met after we received the product. I read the 2 and 3 star reviews for this globe and wonder if we are reviewing the same product, , specifically, the Explorer World Desk Globe by Replogle. The base was not at all flimsy nor was the globe misaligned as stated by other reviewers. My unit is quite sturdy and the globe does not become detached from the stand and it appears to be well built and perfectly aligned. I have only had it a few days so if something malfunctions somewhere down the line I will update this review but as for right now I am highly satisfied with this product.
710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This wall calendar matches my pocket calendar--great for coordinating dates. The large date boxes make adding important appt. info very easy.


7040	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I'm on my third one in three months.  Messages intended for one mailbox transfer to another.  Lights don't work.  Buttons mash down permanently.  Piece of caca, this is.
1619	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice sized bookmark with a beautifully detailed piece of art on it. I use this particular bookmark with any horror book I read. Very happy with my purchase.
1688	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	my husband really enjoyed this calender however we were both a little bit disappointed that none of the cartoons were new.
Many more chances for photos.  And I need one.

4392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No Problems.
5851	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These notebooks are perfectly mobile, the right size to fit into all but the smallest purses and great to have one going for each of my various projects. They make great stocking stuffers as well as classy hospitality gifts. Kudos moleskin!
Love this company.
5591	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As always, lovely quality and a nice instrument for sketching or journaling. This was for my son to work on his drawing, and he loves it. He's 15.
7936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Texas Instruments TI-36X Pro...;  got it for my high school kid.  great quality product for price
1682	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality, especially the paper, even a little better than Moleskine, I think.
I also think the flame "flicker" / motion tends to be a little extreme.  It looks good at a distance, but artificial close-up.  The candle uses 3 AAA batteries. I shot the video with flicker/candle mode off ("light" mode.)
7867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great reliable calculator. Bought mine in 2001. A couple buttons stopped working within in 6 months. I sent it back to TI and they promptly replaced it with the one I have now. After all this time I figured I should replace the working battery as a preventive measure. (IT would be bad to have the battery suddenly go dead in the middle of an exam). Some professors won't allow allow a "grapher" on their exams, such as my Calc II professor. This calculator has always been an approved alternate to a my TI89.
3434	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Thanx very nice
2446	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very pretty bookmark and I would buy more.  Be aware it just has one bead on it and you can see it just above the tassel.  I was hoping for more beadwork but I kept it and gave it as a gift.  I would buy more.
9146	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice feel, gives good support.
3057	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for my brother's birthday and he thought it was hilarious. I wish they came out with the "What I love about brother" book but since I couldn't find it, I bought this instead. Highly recommend as a present for any friend!
9900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
432	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good deal!
5296	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE all Moleskine products I've ever purchased, but I find that these particular journals are the perfect size for taking notes for class. Definitely something to have plenty of in reserve.

1590	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for my Mom (70s). She is a huge fan of Manhattan Toys, she has all the 'creatures'.  Very happy with the purchase.
9916	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for what I needed.
Environmental Parameters
3851	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to carry. Cute. Comfortable. Not heavy. But, I can put lots of stuff. Cute and easy to carry whenever I want!
3654	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Stripes of all types. Wide, thin, sliced.  Combine for lovely backgrounds. Stamp up/down then turn 90 degrees to side to side to get nice plaids.  I use the lines with versamark ink to stamp nice lines for embossing powder. Nice practical set
8452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased to go with the Alex Toys Table Top Paper Dispenser.  Our Sunday School children like drawing on larger sheets of paper, and this size helps, particularly when doing murals.
6791	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A nice pen but refills are limited.  If you like a fine point this isn't for you.

7372	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	100% satisfied. Thank you!!
4683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine and this was perfect for my sketches. I'm a fashion design student and I do my croquis here. It's pretty good
If you are just TOO COOL, and TOO KNOWLEDGABLE to get into this CD, cos you know ALL ABOUT WHAT IT IS, even if you never heard it, then you are very closed minded. OPEN YOUR MIND. As for the music on this album, it is every bit as fresh now, as when it was made. MUSIC PRODUCERS to this day have no idea how all this sound got onto a 4 track tape.  It should sound as lo-fi as Half Japanese. Instead, there is so much happening, that you could listen to it all your life, and NEVER hear everything. BECAUSE GREAT ART CHANGES WITH YOU, and renews itself WITH YOU, because its part of the ETERNAL CHANGING NOW.  And, if you need ANY MORE PERSUASION, just wait until SEPT 9th, 2009, and hear the NEW REMASTERING. AMAZON.com aren't placing pre-orders yet, but as soon as they do, I'm there. PEACE.
Very nice. Recommend.
5342	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always my favorite journaling notebook.


9653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This mouse pad served me for about 3 years now and is still in perfect shape. It will definitely make a difference for making your hands less tired if you sit near a computer a lot.
9841	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected.
1522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this one in addition to the set.  This pot is deep enough for making the things my boys like. It's easy to make one pot meals in this.  The color is beautiful (chocolate) and the cooking technology is great!

6867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	feels great to write with
9951	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are as described.
Super sharp and very hard steel keeps an edge well. You will love the weight and balance of these knives.

693	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to label my baby's books with both his name and the name of the giver. I like that these have enough room to put this info, and come in different designs as well as different sizes so that even small books get a label.  I think $5.50 is a good price for these, and am buying my second set, since he gets a lot of books!
3.) Appearance, carry, and miscellaneous: The pen is simply beautiful - even if the gold plating were to eventually wear off, the chrome alone would still be stunning.
2. Scheduling goes from 7 am to 8 pm each day.
1125	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for helping navigate through the book
6512	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best day planner out there for the money.  This is my second after skipping a year and then being unhappy with the surrogate.

2165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for my traveling boyfriend.

6023	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	MY FAVORITE SKETCHBOOK. THIS IS MY THIRD ONE. The paper is smooth and thick. it is okay for a couple washes of watercolor and markers. the only bad thing is that the cover easily scratches and when you erase the paper, it discolors.
3661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT LOVE IT!  Easy install  Low profile operation perfect for our small cathedral ceiling room.  Thanks so much for this great product
4657	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Every year since I retired (2008) I like to order this type of planner and keep all of my appointments in it. It has space enough for notes regarding each day.
1318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i haven't seen these pens since grade school i was so happy to find them again very nice fun pens
8467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For my daughter, 13 years old. She loved it! Expensive but a very good one and also they need it for Algebra,
8663	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this mouse pad. I use it at work. I bought it for my Mom because she has carpal tunnel. Great value. Padding is perfect. I highly recommend this mouse pad.
5747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a medical student, so I buy these to take notes at noon conferences, morning report and on rounds. They fit perfectly in my white coat pocket, even with an iPad mini in there too. I like that the pages are completely blank so I can draw diagrams without the lines getting in the way and the color is unobtrusive and always professional. the last 10 or so pages can be ripped out, but I never really take out pages. And in the back of each book there is a glued pocket to put papers, but I've found that it falls apart with all the abuse I put the book through. Overall I think its a good value.
3876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hold a bigger veggie than I expected.  Love the way the lid collapses to take less space in cabinet.  Also love that they stack for the same reason.  Great if you buy big onions and only use part at a time, or if you like to slice up a big beefsteak tomato but not put it all on one sandwich.
9464	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like the Innovera better. It has gel padding. This one is good. I hate using a computer without a good mouse pad.
The only minor issue I have is the marker ribbon tends to fray, it would seem. Not that much of an issue, I'll just run a hot glue gun over the end of the ribbon.
6194	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect
5341	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a huge fan of Molskine as a journal for writing and mixed media. I usually get black but love that they come in other colors, grand daughter loves purple.
6749	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this planner a lot. Good organization and layout. Outside was sturdy enough for a whole year
9685	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I don't see how this item costs this much to make- seems like they are making a huge profit. nonetheless... a good product. recommended.
2922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious.  Boss loved it for Boss's Day.
913	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice large size, sturdy laminate, easy to write and highlight on with sharpie to mark your own route of adventure
3755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was surprised and delighted that this 12-inch Neoprene Sleeve-case by Merkury just kept on accepting the stuff I loaded. I was able to easily store a Nexus 7 tablet, a 12-inch Logitech bluetooth keyboard (with case), Gigabyte bt mouse, 3 and 6-foot USB cables, wall charger, Boostaroo headphone amp, 2 headphones (his & hers), silicone and book-style cases, Amazon folding stand, 2 styluses (or is that styli - ???). All that and minimal bulging!

5673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great seller; love the product; quick ship; highly recommend product & seller. Five Stars!!!!! A+++++!
8547	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Awesome product, price and quality!
9596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well, no problems, no complaints!
HOW DIFFERENT DOES THE BA2+N LOOKS? I have downloaded the BA2+N JPEG picture from TI's calculator site and posted it to the Amazon's picture gallery.
8868	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Has lost a lot of support, and I have it less than 6 months.


1898	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price, awesome quality....tons of space to write in. I couldn't say enough nice things about this book! Buy it, you'll love it.
4039	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable! I love the little stickers at the front.
4622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice all in one place stencils.  Kids loved it and spent hours stenciling and coloring their pictures.
Still, I wanted a good, basic calculator with the most used functions while at the same time freeing myself from the bother of dependence on solar-cells. This calculator should do just fine. Besides, it's tough to beat the price.
2765	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is so cute and it's fun to use at the office.
1307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	two granddaughters love pens looked interesting as a stocking stuffer for christmas

7602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great and looks great! Only had it a month but its going strong.
6557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an outstanding planner. I will be getting 16-17 version as soon as it becomes available. The only thing I would change is to make it and year round planner instead of 9 months but I've been told the new ones will include summer which will make it perfect for me. My life doesn't end when the school year does. We have a whole new set of activities.
6887	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE CROSS PENS
3290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item for my daughter who teaches 1st grade.  She loves it.  It totally serves its purpose.
Life is about choices. Find the size you like.
1926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Useful and versatile for crafting.
1457	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looked at a lot of these, and pleased i went with this one.  have since bought multiples.  It has lined Pages with a scripture verse at the bottom of each page.  Does not bleed through.  The spiral binding makes it easy to flatten the book to write in, and it is of good quality so the binding does not misshape or hook onto other things when carried in your purse.  Hardcover book-like cover.  Very nice look, good enough to give as gifts, which I have done.
So it seems to be a natural fit to have Evernote Moleskines. So, what are you getting and how do they fit in with your standard workflow?
There is a section of tear off lists in the back
3166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice change from the typical Alphabet poster, and great for my ESL students.  Looks good on the walls of my classroom.
The strap used to keep it shut is pretty durable.
6808	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice pen.  Wish the Cross ink was better.  Won't take Mont Blanc refills.
8737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable wrist pad.

8643	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use it daily
One thing I tried was toning the paper with Indian Red and wiping it down on several pages. After it was dry, I painted some scenes using some of JMW Turner's sketches and they came out really cool--it gives the work a very vintage look to tone the paper first.
5397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
4876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gold standard of daily journals.  The red is a nice color.  Another product that I should probably buy by subscription.
Well, this NEW m0del 1795SV -- though NOT the older, handier model 1795SV, nor the original model 1795 -- still has many good points, most of which are delineated above.  It is also a desk-top model which can be carried in a pocket-book, if necessary -- and also in a briefcase, but not in a wallet.  It is bigger than the two previous models in the Texas Instrument 1795 line...but does have that priceless customer-replacable battery chamber.  Although I do prefer the previous two models, this newer one, now available, is not a bad little calculator, all things considered.
8335	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The calculator is just what I expect.....yes, the color is pink, and maybe the reason for the low price...but the whole transaction was fantastic, and I ended up with a great calculator at a fantastic price!
5806	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A practical compact size makes it more likely to make a quick sketch.
Good quality and a discount price.
3095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the pads from this company they are great!

6565	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this planner a lot. Good organization and layout. Outside was sturdy enough for a whole year
My granddaughter loves it.
8734	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very good quality, but I do, not like the hump.
818	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All Beatles' music is beyond wonderful and this is the Beatles at their best -- at the top of their game.  This vinyl album is for those who prefer the album be as it was when released.
1890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just keep coming back to Kim Jacob's calendar every year. This year's calendar is every bit as exquisite and charming as ever. Her artwork is soothing to the soul, inviting, and just beautiful. Each picture will have you wishing you could climb right in. The detail is amazing. I absolutely LOVE this beautiful work of art and love starting my day with this artwork.
2931	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Anyone who is having "morale" issues at work, should get these.  I'm just another office employee sitting in a cubical, but I hand these out to people that have helped me or who I see are working extremely hard and it has always brought a smile to their face!  They are really a great motivating tool.  I love to let others know that they are appreciated.

What is different about these notebooks compared to a standard large hardback Moleskine squared notebook?
1794	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are gorgeous.  They are sturdy.  Classy and I love them!  I am ordering more....
5934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best notebook ever
8486	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic inexpensive little calculator
1615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered a Cannon GL2 and this is the battery that comes standard with the package. The technology is great. You can charge the battery any time in its cycle without worrying about shortening its life span. Just make sure that you don't charge it fully and then perhaps not use it for a few months. If you charge it, plan to use it. The battery only gave me about an hour of use with my LCD screen, a little longer through the viewfinder. Great for playing around with your new camera, but you'll need a longer lasting model once you actually go out and shoot.
620	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected...delivery was on time, product has worked well.
8722	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great for wrist comfort!
They are nice enough to use to send as a thank you for wedding gifts, birthday gifts or to just make someone feel special.  I use these for my male staff members since there is a deer on them, and each one of them have commented about the quality of this card.  Even guys notice how nice this card is!  Best of all, the envelopes don't have to be licked to seal (I hate that!).  They have a peel strip to seal the cards.  The set comes in a great clear acetate re-closable box to keep your cards organized in your desk drawer.
1653	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I read a lot and therefore need to have several bookmarks at the ready.  These are great to keep in a nightstand or desk and just have available when starting new books.  Also a fan of the celtic designs.

3909	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Strainer!  It is just the right size for Kraft Macaroni and Cheese as well as single or double servings of pasta.  I also love using it as a steamer for cooking broccoli and caulifower.  The fact that the colander flattens make it easy to store.  I love this colander!
* Small knife

64	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a pretty nice bible cover.  My grandson loves it.  It's canvas, has a few extra pockets and a little compass.
5226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This maybe my sixth or seventh Moleskin notebook, I go through these every 12 to 18 months or so. I cram them with ideas and research notes, and quotes, just about anything.
1896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute calendar
4642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is absolutely huge and the roads are detailed. My boyfriend and I took a 4300 mile road trip from Oregon to Missouri with lots of stops to see things along the way. We kept track of our route on smaller regional maps so when we got home we could mark our whole trip on this big one. I'm really pleased with it because it's big enough to continue mapping all future travels. It doesn't look as childish as some other road maps and maintains detail well.
1466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am enjoying my Safavid Ultra Address Book on my coffee table along with art glass and a nice photo frame.  I could not fill it out because it has amazing artistic quality for show.  The main reason I bought is was for the design.
309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
9082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not used to the ergonomic bump going from a flat pad but I really like it. Very functional

3474	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Quality velvet hangers. (I would've given the item 5 stars, but 2 of the metal hanging part out of the 50, popped out of the top).
9919	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this label brand for years now and they are great. Never had a problem. AMZ has a good price and shipment is fine. No worries.
26	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product, does what it's supposed to.



6910	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	b
The paper quality is fine, but a word of warning: this notebook is probably best used with regular ballpoint pens. Most pens that use a wetter ink will bleed through and feather on the the paper in this notebook, so don't count on using a fountain pen or something of that short in conjunction with this notebook.
7605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great calculator!
3185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used these soft dice for homeschool and children's choir.  It is easy to insert paper (or index cards) in each window to create your own game.
8867	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Thus far, I am happy with this product, even though I have nothing else to compare it with.
295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good!
1147	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very happy prints on each page.  Makes me smile to look at it.  Nice heavy weight pages.  I use an ultrafine sharpie to write on the pages as they are coated.
The calendar is a standard size calendar with high quality photographs.  The colors and images are beautiful, but like the majority of reviewers have stated, the selection of photos could have been better.  For instance, this month, I have a lone shot of Cora, whom I adore, but would have much rather had a group picture of the family or the serving staff and perhaps a couple of the estate. I love the cover picture and wish there were more shots like that.

8818	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
Don't waste your money. I'll keep them as our pocket calendar numbers are getting kinda ragged and it'd not be worth it to send them back...but it was not what I expected according to the listing.

When this mouse pad wears out, I'll probably buy another of the same.  Until they come up with direct mental control over the cursor, this works just fine.
My only issue was this.  I got it for College Algebra (and beyond), and that is about the limit of this machine.  It still has a *very* prominent place on my desk at work, and gets used daily (and for under $20, you just can't go wrong)...  BUT...  if you are taking college math (and especially if you plan on going further in the maths or sciences than beginning algebra) grit your teeth, bite the bullet, and plunk down on a TI 84 or 89 series.  After realizing this I got a silver edition TI 84 C and it's more suited to upper level mathematics (shy of a computer)...
3323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always uplifting.
3600	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fast delivery and good price

9200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	People made comments about it smelling.  I did wipe it with a wet dryer/softener sheet, but within a day the small was gone.  It does exactly what It's meant to do!
9399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just ordered another one
Nice photos.
I've left these half full in the bag where I keep all my colored pencils and they haven't leaked at all. They do come with a nice pouch to hold them, but if you're like me and sometimes just toss them in a bag, they won't leak as long as you keep the lids on them. And the lids snap on top when you are using them so it's easy to keep them on hand and not lose them.

1052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a comprehensive guide/info map.

1891	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ive been buying Kim Jacobs calendars for years and have always been thrilled by her exquisite, lovely artwork!
6344	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are one of IKEA's best items they sell...idk why some people decide to complain how they fall appart...I've had mine for more than a year and it hasn't shown any sign of "Falling Apart" yet...HOWEVER: I definitely recommend going into a IKEA store and buy it for $29.99 so you can save yourself the steep surcharge for having it shipped to your home.
6331	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Did the job.
Another thing to consider, for those who will be taking exams, is that you will need to master the functions of whatever model calculator will be allowed on the test.  While I prefer the TI-83, it may not be allowed in the CPA Exam, for example.

5145	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	They am what they am. They am utilitarian notebooks, nothing especially good or bad. A little pricey but handy and you can get them in a variety of page styles (graph, lines, etc.).

General
2034	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works alright, but is not the best if you are reading while lying down (with the book above you)
1821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are nice for younger students.  I teach 3rd grade.  You may want to consider ordering more than one.  I put my pocket chart with 5 holes and I'm going to order more for stability.
Other than that, the binding is still strong, and I have opened it flat many times, the elastic band is still attached and strong, and the bookmark is still in place. I believe this notebook will continue to hold up for as long as I have pages in it to fill. The soft cover is quite nice, and allows me to easily slip the book into a pocket, even if I have to bend is slightly to fit. It also fits nicely into my backpack, which has several small pockets ideal for books this size.
9534	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to replace a Belkin Gel Mouse Pad I've had for years.  It's not made the same way at all.  It's much more stiff and doesn't contain the same type of gel at all.  There is a pointless dent in the middle of the wrist support which does not exist on the original, older product.  I can see now, by looking more closely at the photo, that the dip is accurately portrayed in the photo, but I didn't notice when it just looked so much like the older model.  Not worth sending back, but I wish I could find another *original* Belkin mouse pad.


9671	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I live at my computers, so I consider the ergonomics vital. I bought this mousepad explicitly for the wrist-support, which it does very well.
5755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fast!  Product as described.
8512	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Did not receive the color pictured, but still was a Texas Instrument 30XIIS, so it definitely got the job done.  Surprisingly, the male students did not mind the pink calculators I received instead of the burgundy, especially after I told them they were in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness.
6717	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this same brand and size of date book last year, although my 2015 version had a black cover and was spiral-bound. This planner allows one to briefly note appointments and/or what they need to get done hour-by-hour, allowing space to do so from 7 am to 8 pm each day of the week. It is lightweight and relatively easy to hold, but it's not flimsy or cheap in feel. It's colorful, but not unprofessional or gaudy in appearance. There is space allotted within each week's section to note "Email/Paperwork/Errands" on the left-hand side. On the bottom, right-hand side there is a section for "Goals/Project I Will Work On This Week". These components serve as convenient documentation/reminder areas for the goal-oriented individual.
361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	was a gift
7140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No complaint
42	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size.  It's soft.  It's easy to carry and his Adventure Bible fits perfectly.

9029	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality with a nice wrist rest
2604	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Every teacher wants one.
4316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just started homeschooling my daughters, with absolutely no clue what I was doing.  The cursive program I originally started using for them was way too difficult for my youngest's motor skills.  I don't care if she has a beautiful, flowing cursive script.  I just care that she can write legibly.  After a few months, I decided to change gears for her, did some research, and found HWT.  In 3 months, my daughter has gone from super-messy writing t legible writing.  She may never have beautiful handwriting, but with HWT, at least I can read it now!
I'm done.

Whatever one may take out from listening to SGT. PEPPER'S LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND, one thing rings true, it was and still is an influential and inspirational album that is absolutely timeless.  So, the most effective way to hear the album is with the headphones, and for album art aficionados, the most effective way to look at the album is to own a vinyl copy as well.
4307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is nice book for my daughter.
7734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've started doing more finance stuff recently and went looking for a good time-value-of-money calculator. I was pleasantly surprised to find the HP12C was still available. I've been using HP calculators for decades (HP-45, HP-15 and now an HP-32SII) because of their great feel and long-lasting quality. However, it's also true that the HP12C is probably the last relic of the great HP calculator legacy. It has 'Made In China' stamped on the rear, but the keyboard feel seems much like my dear departed 15C. Hopefully it will have the same long-term durability.
922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality for the price.
These notebooks are a great size, well constructed and should last me several years of using occasionally before I fill it up.  I've used them int he past for recording other things like car maintainence.
3382	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are really cute ocean cut outs. Originally bought these for an ocean themed baby shower where I invited guests to write well wishes and new parenting tips on the back of the card for the expecting parents. The cards are good quality print on them but not very thick card stock. Unfortunately I didn't get these cards in time so I can to get some from Michaels instead where it was a thicker card stock and worked even better.
243	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very large, very awesome calender!

3138	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my English classroom.
8567	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Received TI-83 Graphing Calculator "used- like new". product was approx $70 - STOPPED working by the fourth time it was being used. Seller would NOT do an exchange/refund (even though it was within 30 days of original purchase). Look elsewhere.
7085	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I tried these ribbons instead of the less expensive generic ones.  These last so much longer and stay at the medium print a long time.  The others start out very dark but then are very light very soon.
  * Sound emission
5846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product.
1386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calendar. The pictures look great and as always, makes me proud to have this hanging on the wall as an NCIS fan. It's a classy calendar perfect for home or office
5794	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice heavy paper. Perfect size to slip into a tote with a water brush and take anywhere.
GOLDEN RULE III - ALWAYS LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! If in doubt, see rules I & II.

These are great notebooks for jotting ideas, taking notes, making lists, or sharing as gifts.
6112	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these multi-use Moleskin books as they are alphabet ordered and lined but not "address book" formatted.  Love the elastic band to keep it closed and the attached bookmark as well.  This only gets four stars however because the one I recieved had one manufacturing flaw: it was missing the plastic tab for the letter "N".  I expect more from Moleskin, especially as they are more expensive than other brands.  The book had the pages and spacing for the letter N, so I just wrote it in myself and will keep it.  It can be used for anything--I'm using mine to catalogue my crystal and mineral collection.  I have not had any problems with their products before and since they are the only "address book" I can find that is unformatted and can therefore be used for other purposes, I'm sure I will continue to use them.
5111	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was not familiar with the Moleskine brand prior to purchasing this small notepad cover for my briefcase.  I looked on Ghurka's website and noticed they referenced this brand.  These Cahier Journals are the perfect compliment to such a beautiful piece of leather goods.  They match the quality and elegance of the Ghurka notepad cover seamlessly.  Great product!
the rest is fairly simple.  You just need to be very careful to only have one Bible page, not two - most are so
9553	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This mouse pad has a wrist gel pad that is extremely hard and actually hurts my wrist instead of helping.  The indentation in the middle of the pad is very uncomfortable.  Not what I expected at all from Belkin.

4148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Note pads so easily are lost!  in the piles of papers that congregate on desks, etc.
1844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for our preschool
414	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very good detail on this map for this price. lamenated coating is a plus. great for planning trips or just learning about our country.
Be advised, there is a statement about luck on one of the covers.
3217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a school teacher, which means I have tons of bulletin board supplies to carry. The clear front allows me to easily see what's in the bag. It's been very durable and holds many of my classroom posters.
4895	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	not a bad notebooke!!  This is one real nice note book for jotting down notes and such.. I use my as a daily journal to keep lists and such.

8714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
2420	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cool
I still have an original WaveRest from a decade ago. I'm using it right now. The way to identify an original is that it will have "Beklin" in which at the top with a white oval around it... just like the product image above; however, that is NOT what you receive. You receive a cheaper, inferior version sans oval.
- Comes in a plastic slipcase for protection.  It fits the bookmark snug so there is almost no need to remove the bookmark from the slipcase and risk getting it dirty
4700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what it is about the Moleskine products that makes them so incredibly satisfying to own, to handle, and to use.  This particular item is the 3rd one of these I have purchased.  I keep my computer passwords in them rather than actual addresses.  Their size is perfect for this purpose and I love the fact that they now come in colors so that I can quickly locate my "latest" password book (I haven't finished transferring them all yet).  While I use pencil to record my passwords and so could have erased and used my old book, when I saw the red one I just had to have it.  Another thing is that I have not ever had the elastic give way on a Moleskine.  I'm sure it must eventually weaken but it hasn't happened to me.  I have numerous other Moleskin books for various purposes, from note taking to recipes and I've never found a problem with any of them.  Though I have used many other such notebook/address books in the past, once I found Moleskine I never looked back.
9422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
6858	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Not worth the money.  At best it's just ok.
4397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very please with this order, beautiful with good quality.
God Bless I hope everyone had a save and happy fourth.
8350	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
Original review: Great scientific calculator for my college students.  Love how you can move the cursor anywhere you want through previous lines of equations.  I just figured out how to store values within certain variables.  Love it!
1579	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Hamilton Beach 33147 Programmable 4.5 Qt. Slow Cooker is an excellent Slow Cooker. I have used it and it is outstanding. I had this unit and it really does a good job. The food tasted excellent and was cooked to perfection. The programability of it as a very good feature.
4943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskines are the best for writing down your thoughts.
4636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The set comes with 24 translucent stencils, about the size of a 4x6 index card.  They are made of thick plastic that will stand up with a lot of use.  There are a few stencils that you look at and wonder for a few seconds just what exactly it is, like the cornucopia, but fortunately these are rare.  Most of the stencils are great and easily recognizable.  The designs are even labeled with a description in case you have any problems figuring them out right away.
8.  Color: I liked the ORANGE over the black as I can find it fast on my desk or purse.
6195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great journal
4189	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and small fits in my small purse
221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it. Enough said.

Excellent key feel.  You can key in numbers without looking and know that they were input correctly.  No need to waste time by looking at the display to confirm your entry.
2378	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good for the money
2122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful and sturdy

Also, the answers are in the back of the book so if your child does not cheat, this book could be a self teaching too that happens to be entertaining. Level wise, my daughter tells me it is geared towards advanced 6th and 7th grade levels. So as a rising 8th grader, this is a good review material.
2331	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I actually wanted the "Little Black Book" for email addresses.  This one is okay.
420	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I didn't realize it when I ordered, but this is a laminated wall map.  It is a plasticky material - not paper.  It is labeled "wipe on wipe off" which I presume means it would work with dry erase markers.  I haven't tried.  The colors are very vibrant and the map shows a lot of detail.  We have this next to a similar world map (though not laminated) in my daughter's playroom.  Between the two maps, she has a great time finding places around the world and in the US of A.
2.  Menu driven, so you can go straight to the category of functions you want, and select your item
7097	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
4616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave this as a gift for my son for Christmas.  He loved it!

6564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this planner!

5802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little book. Took it to Cuba on a sketch trip. It works well with water color and ink; is durabl and compact.  Will be getting another!
6715	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Action Day planner. I love how they divided the tasks, daily and goals... This is exactly what i needed.
Both are fine notebooks and you will not go wrong with either. However, Ive used both now and the bottom line is this: the only advantage of the soft cover is pocket comfort (its more forgiving when you sit down). How important is this to you? If you plan to carry this in your pants pocket all day, the hard cover will be very uncomfortable (if you're sitting). You probably carry a cell phone in one pocket, so putting this in the other will be a load.
9032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable & does the trick.
5. Not ideal for someone who doesn't do a lot of to-do lists and delegating.
9536	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic. Handy. Easy and intuitive to use. I replaced a thirty year old early version of TI financial calculator and couldn't be more pleased.
My only gripe about this calculator is, I used to have one (also TI) that was almost identical but solar powered and it would remain "awake" and displaying my last result as long as light was shining on it. That was better than this battery-only one going to sleep on me after a few minutes of inactivity.
I absolutely LOVED my TI-30.  Until I was absolutely required to have a graphing calculator for a couple of specific classes, I didn't even bother to buy one, because the TI-30 did the job so well.  This particular version is only a single-line device, so there is a limit on how complex your numerical entries can be.  However, I found that jotting down partial answers on paper was just as quick for me as scrolling through the multi-line displays was for my peers; it was really a matter of personal preference but more than one fellow classmate commented with intrigue at how quickly I knocked out calculations on the TI-30.  Its interface is very simple and that was a huge factor in my speedy operation.
5065	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	You can get these lined, gridded, blank, whatever. I like the grid. Perfect size to toss in your purse, pocket or in my case camera bag. Good for notes and has a gusseted pocket on the inside back cover. Probably over-hyped with the Hemingway et al, connection but nevertheless a good buy and a good thing to have nearby.
2408	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Very small in size,would recommend a size or 2 up from this one !!
4590	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots of stencils. Nice little box to contain them. It is all well made.
Overall, the TI-86 is a solid math tool - notice I say TOOL because that's what it is. If you have no idea what you're doing in class, the TI-86 won't give you an A.

6813	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have decided that a good writing instrument in the pocket is the cost of doing business in my line of work. This lightweight, thin Cross pen helps me not look back.

The spare blank pages, the year overview calendar, and the pocket inside the back cover are above and beyond what I expect in a planner, but I have grown accustomed to them and use them regularly.
7593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For simple calculations and discounted cash flows, this one is still the best.  I used this in my graduate business program, and for years as a practicing CPA and financial executive.  Of course for complex cash flows you will want to use an Excel spreadsheet; but for quick cash flow calculations the HP12C really is the tool you want.
8408	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for multipurpose uses for all. It's simple and easy to use.
4153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice stationary and plenty of room for writing despite the colorful art.
2394	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Arrived on time and as described!!
6569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calendar!  Not only is the product built and designed with a positive attitude, it also covers all the points in the new fad "Bullet Journal."  I was so pleased that it starts in the summer too.  Liked this so much when it arrived that I ordered the past year as well.  Heartily suggest you buy this calendar!
The BAD:
5976	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is absolutely perfect.  The faux-leather cover is sturdy yet flexible.  The paper is ultra-smooth and nice to write on.  I write with Pilot G2 pens (the thick, 1.0mm variety) and they do not bleed through as another reviewer said.  There's an elastic strap to keep the book closed in my bag, and a cloth bookmark to keep my place.  The pocket in the back is bigger than expected, and it looks very professional.  Great for both work and school.
I really can't think of anything!

5331	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use a Lamy fine point Al-Star fountain pen and can't use regular Moleskine journals because the ink bleeds through so badly that it's unreadable. For some reason the paper in the Cahier is different than the paper in the regular Moleskine journals. There is still a hint of show-through but it's definitely not enough to make it illegible. I've bought the tan color which looks prettier in the picture than in person (imho). The blue is a beautiful dark blue with a slight gray in it. Very pretty blue. A little spendy, but they tuck in the back of my Levenger Circa junior daybook beautifully. You can fold the cover and pages back to lay flat without ruining the spine. The pocket in the back won't hold much but it's enough for tucking in a few items. They hold up beautifully. The spine is not wide enough to write on but the covers are very smooth. I use a metallic silver pen to write the journal dates on the cover. Very nice tactile feel. If the paper were just slightly thicker, I'd give it a five-star.
1340	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these! Everyone that sees them are jealous! I was not that impressed with the quality though. I mean they work, but sometimes it skips and I had one leak already. They are still fun to write with though!
For me a notebook like this is a great break from the computer and all of the distractions that come with it: email, social media, music, etc.  Eliminating those really allow me to focus.  I have three of these notebooks, each with it's own subject.  My recommendation is that you have one for work and one for each "involved" personal project.

7918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Genuine HP Cartridge.
8110	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I know a tool is only as smart as its user, but this thing is way smarter than me. There's the classic "you can't have a graphing calculator" rule in most classes, and this is one calculator that you'll definitely be thanking yourself for getting in those situations. This calculator does so many different functions that I honestly don't know how to utilize it to its fullest potential.

2882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these, cute and good thick quality material

I was not able to exam a unit of the BA2+N to see if end users would still need a screw driver to unscrew and pry open the BA2+ casing just to replace the CR2032 battery. It would be nice if TI would incorporate a user accessible slide open battery compartment for the BA2+N or future upgrades of the BA2+.
977	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I mounted this map on a cork board in my HAM shack and find it adequate for my needs but the lamination causes unwanted reflections when it is viewed from any distance that is not 90 degrees  perpendicular to the face of the map.
6388	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
NOTE: We do not thaw or heat up the frozen food by microwaving these containers. Instead, we dump the contents into another container, like a Corelle glass bowl or a measuring cup, and then thaw/reheat.

7306	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	What can one say about plain 25 lb paper ?  It was needed for my print jobs and it serves it's purpose.  No complaints and I will purchase this brand again.
As I stated above, and it is worth restating, the TI-83 Plus's non-backlit LCD is a little difficult to read when the unit is lying flat on a desk and a lot will depend on the lighting conditions.  Even with the right lighting, the top line of the display is hard to read.
3502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Le Creuset's l8-by 11 3/4 inch enameled cast iron baking dish is just the thing for perfecting eggplant parmegiana or lasagna and it does a very fine job of browning and roasting meat.  Its heavy weight and mass make for even cooking, especially with a little pre-heating time.  The enameled interior makes for easier clean-up than aluminum (for sure!)and is no more difficult than tempered glass pans.  The colorful enamel exterior dresses up presentation and serving at the table.  While one could even fill and freeze the pan I do not.  If you make double batches of, say, lasagna, the freezing part might be of interest but the dish is a little larger in its exterior than a similar pyrex item.  I find enameled cast iron to be very useful in each of its guises (pot, pan, braiser)for dishes that need longer cooking to develop flavors.
7711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I only use this for my work.


2559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The laminate work is tough, which I like. I am able to write/mark directly on the map using a dry erase marker, and it easily cleans off with a cloth. Being able to temporarily mark the map is helpful to me because I use this map to teach geography to my young daughters. For specificity, I use Expo brand dry erase markers.
It's not the greatest planner I have ever used but it will suffice for now.


1876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So cute and very handy!
is now heard...a day in the life, 2 druggy elegies parted by 2 hairraising orchestral crescendos AND McCartney's short drugged

Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be, weighing 6 pounds 10 ounces
5984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is great quality, it's a soft cover, faux leather ruled notebook. It also has the little bookmark string attached to the binding to hold your place. My boss goes through 2-3 of these/year and they've all held up nicely. The cover is thick enough that the corner don't bend, but not so thick that it's bulky.
1071	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So far its great. I set it up for my daughter. It's to hard for her to do it herself.
7174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this paper. Great weight. Perfect surface.
4647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work very well and saves money
Either than that its a 5 star!!
3551	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A slightly different formulation but it does the job. I use it routinely for all sorts of minor cuts and scrapes and everything heals nicely. Ambix is soothing and does not irritate my skin. The one thing I do wonder about is why the cost bounces around so much. Maybe it's because it's really the only first aid cream out there without all sorts of added botanical ingredients.  I have very sensitive skin so I have to be very careful of different ingredients. These can cause problems for me because of allergies so I usually have to avoid them.
1495	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
4332	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best. That's all I can say. We've used it for years and the size is just right. The big square for each day is plenty big enough to write what you need to.

7638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for those moments when you just need to do a quick calculation.
9872	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Yes, I know the heading says "black print on white paper, white plastic, and clear", but when selecting what I wanted, I chose 3-pack, paper, and black on white. I THOUGHT that would get me 3 rolls of black on white paper. It didn't. It's the paper, plastic, and clear. I have absolutely no use for the clear at all.
4088	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I received a sample of this product. I had received samples of other Philosophy products and though I had used them I had never ordered them in their full sizes before this one. This product was different. I looked forward to using it every time. It's a silly thing but seeing this in my shower in the morning makes me smile. The scent is not strong but it is a light floral with some citrus. Think baby powder and lemonade. Yummy! It keeps my skin soft, makes nice suds, is mild and it can also be used as shampoo but I don't prefer it for that. When I start to run out - I'll order more. I wish the bottle were not so big around because I have small hands and I've dropped it a few times. The bottle came through each drop without breaking or splitting or spilling, though.
7987	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	really great
1100	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter needed for AP college level chem and it is perfect for her.  Seems to be holding up after daily stuffing a book bag and locker for the last 9 weeks.
8073	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Calculator, I use it for college since I am a student.

3560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
I just bought and received the Lechtturn Master Ruled Notebook 8.78x12.5 inch.  Don't bother, Moleskine is the absolute winner.  Lechtturn's notebook is a hardcover and while the leather is fine, it isn't as fine as the softcover Moleskin.  Also, the size is just HUGE and impractical.  The only nice thing about Lechtturn is the table of contents and the numbered pages, otherwise it is way too big, the ruling does not go from page end to page end, and is too heavy.
1259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are like mini journals.  Lined small, with pinkish lines.  The 10 year olds who received these from their birthday bags started using them immediately.
781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Game of Thrones Wax Seal is a must have item for GoT fans. You can use this wax seal for invitation to your next Game of Thrones themed viewing party. The envelopes and scrolls are simple and not that impressive. The sealing wax is good. The Hand of the King Seal is heavier and better quality than I expected. It's quite substantial and a heavy metal seal. I highly recommend this item.
Memory / Flash
This binder is a great way to preserve these heirloom recipes.
7295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used to buy generic toners to save money before I found this HP toner in AMAZON.  This hp toner is almost the same price as the generic ones, however it provides more prints, better quality prints, and no mess at all.  Same yourself a lot of headaches and buy this toner.
8011	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Electrical Engineer Student.  A masterpiece of a calculator.  I dropped the TI 84 plus and it is more than enough to replace it, by miles
1. You are a quick read before bedtime to a tired toddler
5538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You just can't beat the quality of a Moleskine notebook. Pair that with Evernote and their note taking application, WINNER. Also includes three free months of Evernote Premium. Outstanding. I am taking notes with the Moleskine Pen, taking a picture of my notes with the Evernote Application on my phone, what a combination! If your an Evernote user and wanted to try Evernote Premium for free, this is a great place to start!
982	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this map! Way more than I expected. I just bought it for reference and wanted something I could draw on and be able to remove the ink.
7836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great
2723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the best grocery listing I have ever had.  It covers just about everything, it's easy to use.  My daughter really liked it, so I gave her my second one.  This is a great item.
I recently had to replace a couple of them - one I dropped it on its little head and the meter stopped working. I destroyed the probe on a second one when I tried to push the probe into hard, compacted soil surrounding a tree - pulled the tip out of the probe. Both of these failures were my failures.
Scott Hilburn never disappoints  ARGYLE SWEATER is the ONLY day-to-day calendar I will purchase!
1638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great find for a great price.
I don't know what the cover is made from, but it feels sooooo good in your hands, if that doesn't sound weird? It makes you want to carry it around and open it up and tell it all your aspirations...

5884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An awesome notebook for my sketches!
7057	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described
8053	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price.
9969	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Item as expected.
2487	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice product. You can create your own index, the recipes pages are numbered, there are two pages per recipe, a section to put special note and comment, a sections for nutritional information, and a section to place a photo of the finished product. I am very happy with this product.
8990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I work in an office and have to type and use the computer all day. This really helps my wrist. I was always in pain and a friend reccomended this. Makes a huge difference, looks clean too.
6732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were great. Very sticky. Extra labels are nice for Bibles with a Concordance, etc. Fairly easy to put on. 7 year old loves them on her NWT Bible!
Typical Moleskine with the black cover, black band  to close the book, large back pocket and cloth page holder are all standard features.
2148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works
3436	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Product seems to be in good quality it will make a great addition to my daycare.
5022	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am constantly mocked to be carrying around a "day planner" in the digital age, but what can I say. I am old-school! I struggled to find a day planner that I could use September to September for my school year planning, and the 18 month feature allows you to either do September to September or December to December (assuming you will replace it with another). I picked this particular planner for a couple of reasons. First, I am an avid Moleskine fan, so it was a natural choice. Second, it is set up in weeks, which allows me to scope out my whole week, not just a smidge of days. Third, the addition of the lined, empty page to the right of the week's planner is perfect for my To Do lists for each week.
9595	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Never had  a problem with this pad .Is really good for me ,Sell a lot .you better get one ,babe

1. the paper is quite thin. This makes it fit well in the pocket, but if I use a rollerball or fountain pen there's significant ghosting through to the other side.
7052	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	So far, so good!
9960	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great DEAL FOR THE PRICE
470	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pleased with this purchase!  Filled a large, blank wall in a new office.  Colorful and easy to read.
1920	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has a cute concept and is a practical address book.  My old book has fallen apart, this one looks much more sturdy.  I am sure it will stand the usage of many years to come. This is large and well put together. The artwork inside is a nice representation of Rockwell's work. I am very happy with this purchase.
3143	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
3412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will buy this calendar again.
6613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great planner
7236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	HP makes great products.  I have always been pleased with their products and buy again and again.
4904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ARTIST Love Them.
5615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i use one of these every year because it works for me, i.e., its small, no frills, has space to add notes, and fits in my pocket to use as a diary if i choose. yes, i'll order it next year and the next.
4996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this book, it is so handy to have 18mos. view.  For the pages that I don't use, I use to write notes and things that I don't want to forget.  Also nothing like having a analog backup to one's digital life.
7251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As Advertised

3947	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this- using it for my kinder class.
8263	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you want to send a largish greeting card with plenty of room for photos or images, this is just what you need.  So many of the print your own card kits produce small cards.  These are grate for photos - big enough so you can notice them across the room and be drawn to see them better.
8295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i love the color. the quality is great
5140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	+ Great durable hard cover, have been using for more than a year and still like new.
2536	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful World Map that looks great on my wall. I love that it's laminated for protection. The color scheme gives it an old-world look, but the map boundaries and data are up-to-date. The size is perfect for being able to see from across the room.
5979	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very fast delivery. Very good product & seller. Thanks. A+++
9823	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good.
My only problem is that the threads at the end of the tassel fall out under the slightest pressure.  This situation, like say where they get trapped under something heavy, is something that shouldn't happen, but on the occasion it does, be prepared to see five or six of them to fall out, even if you carefully remove the heavy item from them.
There are two sets available, or were when I bought mine. This one, which has several curved sections and a second that has only straight bits. I have a number of each kind because eventually I will paint all those darned miniatures and have an army that needs somewhere to duck behind. I have been promising that since somewhere around 2002 ...
658	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These cards were a gift to a friend for her birthhday. She loved them. I would buy more with different images.
558	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!!! arrived fast and as described! love it! Thank you!
2116	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5 stars


763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good comprehension book.
1885	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute, but no tabs and no extra space if the address changes in the future.
The ink bleeds through a little, but only if you are using a thick marker and are writing slowly enough to let it bleed through. At that point, the pen bleeding through is your fault and you can't blame it on the paper! haha.
1243	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	$11.95 for a password keeper- expensive but had a leather-type cover & looked good!
Seems duable.
7087	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I make only infrequent use of my Canon Multipass printer, sometimes letting it stand idle for several weeks.  For whatever reason, the black ink tanks clog the printhead after prolonged disuse whereas the color ones keep functioning.  Although more likely to happen with a clone, the same has occurred with Canon originals.  Before throwing out the printer (and I've come close), run it through the cleaning cycle at least 5 successive times and try printing again. If it's still not working right, do another 5 cleaning cycles.  So far, that's done the trick for me, but if 10 times doesn't produce the desired result, you'll need to do some invasive surgery on the printhead itself.
439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We've had this nearly 5 years and it has held up really well and we've moved 4 times and we just roll it up and pin it back on the wall. It is laminated nicely and doesn't fall with pins. The font is a little small in places if you're trying to study it. We actually have the same sized one of the U.S. and have used them in our office.
2649	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I saw these in a small bookstore that I like to go to and had to go back to get another pad of notes for me and another for a friend to send off in a care package.  They are just funny.....I would say if you are buying these solely for their stickiness I have seen better and I have seen much worse.  They are mid grade on that and also on the thickness of the paper.  For sheer fun though, these will be the ones hands down.  Anyone that stumbles on these at my house thinks they are fabulous, and I do too!  This company has several other designs which are all great.  If you need to make someone laugh, and they are one to use this term often, they will appreciate them.  In the corner, you can also check the ?, ! or ?! box.  Enough said here, 5 star for clever, one star off because they could have been a little bit higher quality, but, eh, WTF, I still like 'em.
- Do not lose the instruction. Setting the clock, or setting the timer may be tricky if you forget how to do it.
+ You can take it off
2999	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Item arrived on-time and as described.


7485	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Calculator was fine, packing was fine, just as expected. Thank you.
7212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The toner drum works very well with my copier. It works as well as some of the more expensive ones that I have purchased. I will purchase this one again and would recommend it to anyone.
3662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great on the table for football parties!

5972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Moleskine

9851	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works well, but doesn't last long for the price.
9644	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This works great and easy to learn. While I do not use daily, it does the job. I think good for the price.

- The tassel is produced with great care and woven to last quite a long time; Also contains 3 chrome colored beads as part of the style (as seen in picture)
1552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality and does the job.  Was afraid it would ripped but has held up just fine.
8127	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
5171	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Classic. I love the product.
1222	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	More people need to know about this coloring book. Especially those who love coloring pages filled with animals/nature.

9718	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.
Of course there is overlap in time periods but this gives a basic chronology that begins with Indian nations and prehistoric mammals about 14,000 years ago and ends, roughly at the beginning of the 20th century.
1275	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like these because they are pocket sized and easy to carry with you. They are also quite durable. I would have rated them a 5 if the price was lower. I just think they are a bit overpriced. Still, they are perfect for my needs and the cover designs are cute.
5631	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a good one that is similar to the "Book Lust Journal."  I was looking for a way to make notes while I was reading my books so that I had an outline for the book review when I was finished.  This book works out great for that.  It has great structure for book reviewing.
9521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good calculator. Well worth the money and the price is fair.
1787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The notebook came in great time and works as my work notebook. The pages are more college rules and is a great journal for note taking, etc.

5476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a good size journal.
Simply do a search online to see how books are priced according to condition. or use a reference book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ABC-for-Book-Collectors/dp/1584561122/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ABC for Book Collectors</a>&nbsp;on book collecting, one includes resources for appraisal  ( many are free). The book listed above - and it's link- is there only as one example of resources.
The previous one (This was sent as a replacement by Amazon) was defective, emitting a gear-grinding sound when inserted into the copier.
2096	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality, bright colors (or non-colors in this case), tassel in excellent condition! I will continue to purchase these as I believe the quality is phenomenal, the price is fair, and these are items that will last that I can pass down to my granddaughter along with my book collection. Thank you so much for an amazing item!
6420	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The highlighters are great. I'm not crazy about the pen, but I mainly bought this for the highlighters. The ruler is a very good idea but I wish it were a bit thinner. More thought could have been put into the functionality of the ruler. Also the case could be better. But, again, I bought this for the highlighters & I'm happy with how they mark. All in all this is a great deal.
5282	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskines are usually small, portable and supposed to be your most intimate personal notebook. Your natural and greener PDA. A perfect pocket companion.


 I'll keep looking.
You can even use it while you are on the phone and just check the boxes you would like to ask the person on the other side of the line, but can't. ;-)
7062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought four of these because they are becoming hard to find.  The printer is an old H-P Laserjet 4+ which cost a lot of money when I bought it new, but the old warhorse has certainly been reliable and economical.  Possibly when these cartridges are exhausted, I will have to buy a new one, but until the, I expect this one to march on.
The screen is nicely angled for ease of viewing and the numbers display large, crisp and bold.
6688	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Awesome
3027	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought a bunch of these Knock Knock sticky notes and they are all hilarious. I use them at work to joke around with my coworkers and my students. They are funny, but I'm not really sure that it was worth all the money. Seemed overly expensive for small amount of sticky notes.
5609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This journal is the perfect size but I wish I had gotten it with dots instead of lined paper
2990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
5980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great journal!
3780	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Water stays super cold in this container.  In my experience, the type of lid used makes a difference on how long it stays cold.  The wide mouth flat lid is best to keep water cold.  The straw mouth is good.  The flip lid does the poorest job at keeping drinks cold.

6017	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful sketch book. The paper is very smooth and great for color pencil. It is also very nice for water color. book. I also have the smaller size and they are my favorite sketch books.

2937	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I first bought this as a practical joke for someone who likes to leave little to-do or unique post it notes all over and, before I knew it several more were ordered as they were such a hit.  Sure, there are a lot of to do type of notes out there, but the ones that get the continual comments (and more attention) are the ponder and put of stickies.
552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the idea that the students are exposed to the place value concept every single day of the school year, since many students struggle with the concept. It is a nice visual way to show place value.  The pocket doesn't hold all the straws, but it holds enough for a month..

1584	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've bought far more expensive, higher-grade coffee from other organic roasters but really could no longer afford the luxury. I only switched to this because I could get the free shipping via Prime. It's actually quite good -- unless you really are a coffee snob, you'll feel like you're doing something pretty decadent every time you make a mug of it. And it's shade-grown, so it's less damaging to the birds and other critters.

The main problem with the TI-89, and especially this older model, is how slow it completes larger calculations.  It's pretty easy to tie the calculator up for 10 minutes with a system of equations or a tough integral.  I often find myself performing some of the more obvious simplifications in order to cut time from the calculation, which is a little ridiculous.  Other hardware related restrictions also burden the TI-89 like the small B/W screen and the limited computer interface; it really boggles my mind that I haven't run across a much better calculator solution by now.
Cons:
I think it is well worth the money, especially for someone like myself who has to read a lot of briefs. Also, the paper allows you to write on it without bleeding...another bug plus.
1747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calendar with wonderful pictures.  The bride really liked it.
7194	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.
The one I received looks a little different than the Amazon photo, but has all of the same keys and functions.  On the top part of the front, mine has the model number and TI name/logo centered above the display, and in larger font.  Also, it's buttons for X, -, + etc are a row of forest-green buttons (which I actually like better than what's on the Amazon photo).
1980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wife uses them every day in school.
9321	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Disappointing.  I thought going with a brand name like BELKIN, it had to bee good but I was wrong.  Question if it is really "gel" as it was hard as a rock and actually irritated my wrist.  Feel like hard foam.
5198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	and still holds the information I need to keep track of certain things in a hard copy document.  Its an excellent back up for when I neglect to add things into my phone calendar.
4440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great they cover all RELA topics // small enough to put students in centers to work on different genres.
9862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the white labels so the wording can easily be seen.
522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeping this teacher organized!
4305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My six and seven year old girls used the same company's books to learn printing and loved them. They begged me recently to find something to teach them cursive. I bought two copies of this book and my girls don't want to put their copy down. I have to limit the amount of pages they work on a day or else we'd never get through all the home school subjects in a day. This is a great book for homeschoolers. I highly recommend!
2099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute little bookmark
2869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	too funny not to share
If you like Star Wars and you need a daily planner, well, search no further.
7565	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good calculator at a good price.
  * Memory / Flash
130	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was a required book for my son in college.  He got an A in the course - I don't know if it was because of the professor or book.  We would have rented it if the price would have been right.  This was priced right and he was able to resell it and recover a lot of our purchase price.
This is one of those books with a place to write down your thoughts about different camping areas. It has a place for pictures, recipes, people you met, and other stuff. It's about 2 pages, 7"x 8'' with a 4'' x 8'' picture area and the rest has questions and blanks.
6750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is helping my high schooler keep himself organized.  He was looking for a lot of daily writing space, and lines are a must.  This was the only one that fit the bill, and he's very happy with it!
6407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect for thin pages.
6375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a reorder.  They worked so well, that I started running out of ink.  I love that they don't bleed to the back of the super-thin pages in my bible.
9308	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Soft on the wrist and relaxing.  Wrist cushion starting to wear-out.
1784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am extremely picky when it comes to buying school/office supplies and stationery. It seems that most planners are either too expensive or do not have the layout I want. As much as I love bullet journals and DIY, unfortunately I do not have the time to create my own planner. Finally, I found an agenda/planner that works! The size is not too large so I can carry it around with me to school or work. There is a monthly, weekly, and daily section. In the back there are extra sheets for notes/mind maps. There is of course the standard pocket to hold loose paper in the back but also in the front! The paper is also good quality however I do not think I can use my fountain pen. So far I have only used pencil and muji 0.5 gel pens. Works great and I will definitely buy again.

790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great quality, I would order this again for myself or as a gift. bold vibrant colors and quality paper! Also had little pocket in the back for small notes or business cards A+++
9099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This items is so outstanding that I don't know where to start the quality the everything about it is just so amazing
2532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This one went to our daughter and replaced some hideous unicorn poster. The map caused a lot of raised eyebrows, but now we are getting calls from her friends parents as it apparently sparked a fad... The world needs more fads like this (IMHO).
2228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy and attractive.  Much better than I expected.  If you love bookmarks with tassels, this is a great find !  Excellent stocking stuffer.

4554	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected...thanks!
7484	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	for the price it does everything it should, everyone needs one close by because we have forgotten to add thanks to these things.
1675	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A little taller than I thought they would be, but these are very nice. I used to buy ones like this from Staples, but these are two for the price of one from Staples. They are hardcover, and have an envelope pocket in the back which is nice. I don't have a reason to dislike these other than the fact that I am not sure if I like the hard cover, but I am sure it will only take some getting used to.
3076	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Neat and feel good book
5414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these for work; I take copious notes. The paper quality is wonderful and the hard cover is useful when you're writing on the plane, bus, etc. I write quite small, so the ruled lines work well for me. I also order the red, which I enjoy being different from the black that is so common.
4505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a teacher and I bought this to store posters and other visuals in my classroom that are not being used. I just packed up my classroom to move rooms and everything fit nicely in here. The handles feel durable and the bag was large enough to fit everything I had in my classroom. Great buy!
1141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful calendar with lots of info about space. Great gift for the kids and grandkids!
9254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable on the wrist
6433	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderfully detailed and an outstanding teaching tool.
8247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love making my own greeting cards.  These work perfectly with my canon inkjet printer.
4151	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this letterhead! It scans great and is the cutest I have seen!
3176	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Was nice, quality was good - when I filled it up it was very heavy and awkward to carry.  Does the job.
1277	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute little notebooks.  Only caution is that the writing lines are extremely narrow, so not really well designed for writing on the lines.  We use as order pads at a restaurant so the lines aren't entirely necessary.
2382	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This address book is everything it states in the preview. It it a mid-sized, sturdy,book in which you to keep your addresses.
6509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My eldest one found this. Saw it and immediately bought one for myself. My youngest son saw it and asked for one for Christmas. Excellent tool for the goal-setter, list-maker, hard-driver in your life.
162	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My Grandson loves Peppa Pig and he loves this book. Oink Oink!
4309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My child has improved with their cursive in a short period of time with this product. I love it!
315	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute tiny little books to keep notes in like passwords to websites you don't often need to visit.  Just in case you are not home or don't have access to internet via mobile.
8698	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great support
8087	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have owned several different types and brands of calculators.  The TI-86 is by far my favorite.  I have had it for 15 years and it still looks new.  I agree with the comment about the clean interface compared to TI-83.  I would highly recommend this calculator, even now.  Buy it used.  It's still going to better than some of the crap out there now.
7013	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice set. Work very well. I like their small diameter. I also have a Waterman set which is also fine, but heavier. I prefer this set.
The only bright side is that the pen has a flat edge which ostensibly would mesh well with the notebook, not rolling, etc.
4855	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality.
2091	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty and does its job.
9911	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Happy with the product, good quality.
3405	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a first year teacher, and these are super cure. Very colorful short simple and to the point..love them
2071	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great composition book. The pages are thick enough that my pens do not bleed through, and it lays flat as you use it--an ENORMOUS plus in my book. I look forward to filling all the pages with my notes come the fall semester. And what a gorgeous cover! I adore it.
2836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute
4087	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The 8.5 x 11 size is probably the best part about this embossing folder, especially when you hate being limited by the size of the smaller ones. There are only two of these embossing folders in this size available from Spellbinders and both of them have lovely patterns. They flip so that you actually get two different designs per folder and they cover an entire sheet of paper.
1521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use this every day to make protein shakes.  Very easy to clean as well.
541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my Morning Meetings. I do put the straws in a separate container as they did not stay well in the pouch.
7514	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what i needed
4066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this spoon & spatula set. I've had the spatula in another color for a long time, but have just tried the spoon. I wanted another spatulata because mine was ALWAYS dirty! These kitchen tools are so well-designed. They fit your hand perfectly and the little point on the end helps get "every drop" of whatever you have in the pot. The ergonomic design just works!
7870	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
I have tried many planners over the years and there is a reason that I now only use this specific planner. The soft cover is pliable and does not crack, scratch or get otherwise marred. Some years I've even adhered photos to the cover for decoration. The elastic holds it shut nicely, even with the pen that I stick in the current week to ensure I always have something to write with. There is a pocket in the back to hold the stickers it comes with as well as receipts, coupons, etc. It fits nicely into all of my purses without adding too much bulk.
600	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my classroom
6419	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This particular item was purchased as a gift.  In fact, I have order at least six or more in this past year for gifts, after my first purchase or myself.  The quality of this item is superb, and allows for easy and effortless use for marking your bible in varied ways to meet the preference of the user.  Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's easy to find what I need now! Thank you!
6600	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great appointment keeper! This book fits in a large tote purse and is perfect for daily, weekly planning!
There are precious few tools out there for this price that you know will last for years--this is one of them.
1983	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I work in a behavioral therapy clinic and was looking for something to help me organize! This is so perfect! I am thrilled and can't wait to use it at work tomorrow!!
It would seems especially frustrating on the part of HP, to realize after all the effort spent on remaking the HP12cPlatinum models that it would not outdone its siblings the HP10bII and HP17bII+ series to seriously challenge the HP12C Gold.  However, by their own rights the HP10Bs and HP17Bs, and the HP12cPlatinum may find their rightful place in the HP financial calculator line, differentiating the HP12C GOLD in terms of price and functions.
The year 2014 was my first experience with the day-to-day ARGYLE SWEATER calendar.  I loved it so much that I decided to get myself the new 2015 one.

  * 1
8613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Is soft for your wrist and works well
4812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been buying Moleskin notebooks for the past 4 years, Not once have they disappointed me. Paper, bindings, rulings - everthing about Moleskin is high quality. I pay more, but for me they are worth every penny.

8614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my dad who is an accountant.  He got through tax season this year with a much more comfortable wrist!
8058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good price on this calculator. Used it to pass my NY State teacher exam.
8119	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	BEST NON GRAPHINF CALCULATOR EVER MADE. EVER.
9970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just as the original for less
6857	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	use it everyday, writes so smooth I love it, will buy more of them
102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the Hendrickson Parallel Bible-PR-KJV/NKJV/NIV/NLT Hardcover (reviewed separately).  It fits perfectly, snug but not tight.  Zipper works good. Material is faux leather or pleather?  Minimal, so don't expect to have room for a set of highlighters or to put your touchpad device in with the book.  Came well padded and protected along with other items in box.
2) If your cartridge leaks, don't use it.  Don't even try.

3990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was able to use these brushes to clean burnt food on a commercial gas stove.
777	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am not a homeschooling parent, yet have purchased a number of homeschooling books and resources to augment the development of my children and to build an agenda of activities that is more sophisticated (intellectually) than the commercial tools provide.
471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
beginners alike.
1056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
6334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this cart....one tip, don't tighten screw on one side too much while putting on the (first) bottom basket. Screws seem short, so it was hard to 'catch' them both without laying cart on it's side and pushing down with my knee to make the screw poke through the hole.  You'll barely catch the first thread on both, but once you get them, it's easy to tighten them with the included wrench. The next two baskets go on easier.  It's a great cart for crafts!
6149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We love Moleskin products. The paper is excellent, and the notebooks last through a lot of wear. I love how tiny these are, they fit anywhere and take up almost no space.
372	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice map

Ali Julia review
8415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was so excited to find out there was an option for a pink calculator.  She is the only person in her class with a pink calculator, which makes it easy to tell which one is hers.  The color is a great pink, can't complain at all!
3. Going strong after YEARS of daily use

5284	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected, this is a great notebook, smooth paper, high quality. I has been using it for years and don't want any other brand. Thanks.
876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this calendar!  I have bought one every year for some time now.  Beautiful photos and interesting info about the moon.

6103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my moleskin journals, always pleased. Thanks!
8208	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Only issue are the function keys *, +, -, = and enter.  They are shiny silver and as such, difficult to read.
Let the buyer beware!
583	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
I bought two because I am going to be backpacking over a two [2] month period in Europe.
8954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice basic mouse pad.  Very comfortable.
4092	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is clearly a great quality spoon. Also very easy to clean. It's a nice change from wooden spoons because it seems more sanitary (I've heard wood absorbs bacteria).
8287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calculator! It works very good and has all the features needed for the majority of my math and accounting classes. I only have had one issue where a line of pixels went out but amazon quickly replaced it and the new one has had no issues! I recommend this to anyone looking for a good calculator for class. One of the awesome features is the decimal to fraction button which makes it easy to simply problems to the format your teacher or assignment requires.
We have several dozen of them, and use them to freeze home-made apple sauce, home-made cooked sweet corn, and so-on. The Ziploc "extra small bowl" containers are hardy, and can be frozen and reused many times. We haven't had any break on us; they don't get brittle.
3924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for party name tags at a public venue

 Absorbent and Holds Ink Well with No Smearing or Smudging.
9339	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-RR64MVLHXG4M3" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1qrtZFhALS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71kYfmdv50S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;For the price you cannot go wrong with this purchase. I have used the pad daily for over 6 months and have not had any issues so far. I gave the pad 4 stars based on some higher end products I have used but for the price this item is perfect.

8899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
I have had this map for a few months now and it has not ripped and shows no signs of damage.  I also took it on an airplane from the United States to Moscow and then to Kyiv, Ukraine and it has held up wonderfully.  Overall, this map met and exceeded my expectations.
The Cross Century II can be considered near the top of the entry-level pens. I chose them because of good experience with Cross ballpoints, not wanting to spend too much until I figured out whether this was going to work, and my routinely bad experience with base-entry-level products.
2815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I needed to keep my family (husband) organized. The only down side is no magnet for putting on the refrigerator ( I used an outdated fridge calendar attached to the back to hang out).
I have to look for another one.
3608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice set,  looks just as it is pictured
2278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what I wanted
8503	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	it works well and reasonable price.
Update:
9800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Somewhere I have an older specimen of this same T50 staple gun, purchased in the early to mid 1990's. I used that staple gun for years around the house, and lots more at the shooting range for stapling up paper targets. In fact I'm sure it is now in an ammo can someplace... but I got a lot of ammo cans. So I ordered this new one. As far as I can see based on memory, the new one is perfectly identical to my old one. It is marked "Made in USA" on the side, and is essentially all steel construction. In these days of short-lived plastic gizmos, it is sure nice to see that the art of forming sheet steel into functional products has not gone extinct. It is especially nice to see this quality construction, in view of the product's very modest price.

5212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the back pocket, book marker, and elastic band that secures the book closed.
I appreciate that this calendar is in the traditional format, where it's easy for my daughter to write notes over special days. In contrast, I've seen a different Frozen calendar with a series of separate circles for days (in columns off to one side)--this can confuse smaller children still learning their days/weeks.
2773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and fun for an office gift!
These handsome, lightweight writing utensils are a pleasure to use!
3745	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	adorable pencil case.  You can unzip it to a strip of fabric.  My daughter loves it.  It holds a good amount of pencils and crayons.
5582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best Planner ever! I've used moleskine for like 15 years but this is my first planner by them. It's so great. Simple and plenty of space to write everything you need to write, and then some. I love my phone but I need to physically write things down. This is awesome!
3254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size and fit for our homeschool classroom.  We use the cute colored Lifetime chairs in our classroom. I love that they are neutral colors so my boys and girls can have matching covers.  It is super easy to print out and laminate names for the back.  It has held up well and washes easily in the washing machine (I hang to dry).  There is a ton of space for their work materials.  I would recommend this!
4951	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EDIT: 5-1-17

6963	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are beautiful pens. I used them as Groomsmen gifts. I had to have one replaced when we tried to have them engraved. That didn't work well at all. The pen started to peel. I am not sure if that is the pen or the jeweler as they have the usual space for engraving that all Cross pens have. But they were a huge hit. And every young man should have a fine pen and pencil set.

1179	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these thank you notes for a friend who is getting married.  They are simple yet elegant and expensive looking.  They are made with a heavier card stock than most thank you cards you buy at a local store.  Each card has a nice textured black bold print on the front.  The cards are a good size 3 1/2  X 5".  The envelopes have a easy peel strip to seal.  My friend will love them.  There are so many people to thank and these will come in handy.  There is plenty of space inside for her personal note too. These are very nice.  I definitely recommend.  I did receive this product at a discount to review and give my honest and unbiased opinion.
1198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent product
6708	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a well made planner with lots of planning tools in it. Great for a professional person who tracks projects and tasks.
-Durable. Me and my wife have dropped them many times; and they don't break easily.
3853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great notebooks.  As previous people have said, the 1st one is lined, 2nd one blank, and 3rd one ruled with very, very tiny boxes.  The lines are dotted black, but the graph lines are blue and a lot more faded, which helped me get over how tiny and cramped they were.  They contain 48 off-white and thick pages; I had no problems with bleeding.  Each one has the same printed design on the front and back, with a little label on the spine.  These are a bit wider than conventional pocket notebooks, and much thicker than every other 48-page notebook I own, but they're cute and useful.  The only complaint I have is that the binding makes it hard to crack the book open flat.
871	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nicely-sized calendar, the pages are large, with medium-sized day boxes, not quite large enough for me. But, if you want to jot a few brief notes, the boxes will be adequate. All public holidays are well-marked, and  the day page is a soothing on the eye beige-type color. The prints and etchings surrounding the edges of the pages are very evocative of the Edwardian, and even the Victorian period. There is not much Art Deco to be seen here., although Downton certainly approaches that period.

3778	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This set couldn't be any cuter!! Decent price, fast delivery and great product.
4391	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice look and work well
3782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This rooster is VERY tall.  Just what I needed for a space on top of my cabinets.  Very colorful and a great addition to my kitchen.
5038	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. I love Moleskine, especially since they give each product a quality control number for the consumer to use customer support more easily. The notebook itself is great for short notes or calculations. I wouldn't use it for complex physics-type calculation, but it would work great for short word problems or such things

1227	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The is a great adult coloring book for animal lovers. The images are pretty, varied, and lend themselves to colorful renditions. The Colorsoft Pencils work just great - ideal for shading. If you like them, you might want to purchase additional colors. (I also have had good luck with using watercolor pencils - a little water on a brush and you have great blending.) My main criteria for adult coloring images is that the drawings aren't "sketched" but that each item has complete boarders; this coloring book meets that specification.
6434	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	outstanding product at a fair price...thanks.


3902	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was very pleased with this portfolio. It fits all my stuff nicely. Everyone that sees it calls it a briefcase and says it's really nice. I put some file folders in the left pocket and I'm super organized now. The only problems I have with it it there's nowhere to attach a shoulder strap or zipper pulls. If it had those, it would be perfect.
5772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	But after that sheen wore off I came to really like the sketchbook because of the thicker than usual pages that I could doodle on endlessly with a pen.  I wouldn't rate any of their other notebooks as highly because the paper on them is thinner and could probably be replaced by a decent $1 composition book, or other cheaper equivalent.  I haven't tried all of them though so what do I know?

I like and use the large section to the left of the weekly pages for lists, notes and bits of Journaling. I find the lower sections at the bottom part of both pages not applicable for how I was using the planner. I'm working on using these sections to note my honeydo list and children's chores in the delegation section and longer range plans in the goals section.
A very handsome, economical, solid-value product from Cross.
  * Font(s) included:Font Included Type
4006	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this nursing cover because the fabric is thick enough that you can't see through it, but not so thick that it's hot.  It's adjustable too which is really nice. I like the thick wire around the top so you can see down to check on the baby, but no one else can see, unless they are standing directly above you or something.  It's definitely small enough to fit in the diaper bag easily and the pattern is nice.
3797	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little hand painted dish for nosh!  Olives will have a beautiful presentation!
6465	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST planner but I just wish it came in a smaller size (6"x8").  The weight of the paper is thick so I can use my fine pointed sharpie pen & it doesn't bleed thru.  I like the project section & goal/ results sections at the bottom of each page.  I have been buying this planner for many years & will continue to as long as I can get the smaller size which is just MY preference.  Perhaps you will like the 8"x11".  It's a personal issue.
4439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for my classroom. They're bright, colorful and informative. I love that there's a sheet included with lesson plan ideas and activities.
6342	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just purchased this cart, it's AMAZING. It is  a great size. I'm using it with my crafting and I have stored most of my paints, my mediums and tons of other stuff. It's not huge but, it's larger than I expected. I'm so glad I purchased this cart. Putting it together was so easy, the instructions are clear and easy to follow. This cart will exceed your expectations. I can't believe I waited so long to purchase it. To say I'm happy with it is an understatement. While, it is light weight it is very sturdy and made of good quality material. This is not some cheap cart.
3843	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Excellent knives - takes serving a nice cut of meat to a new level.  Not just a flimsy steak knife with a better handle.  It is a well made product. The wood block is fantastic also.
This is well constructed and they did the trouble of figuring out that you probably DON'T have a need for 25 pages of "q" as a last name, but may need extra "s" slots.  Basically the pages aren't evenly divided into each letter.
7735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this calculator in a buying job for 4 years and loved it!  The buttons are sloped and have perfect sensitivity.  It's a great calculator to have around.

5837	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This fit's great in the back pocket or backpack. I bring it with me to meetings and look very ready for any situation. This is good considering I'm a manager and aspire to grow within the company
5751	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love moleskine paper but I wish it would come in a white color.
5206	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Husband prefers these for work.  Seems to like the size and professional look.

6472	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great quality,  would buy again.
4262	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was very impressed with this little journal.  Great size, very nice paper and the spacing is closer to college rule.  The paper is durable and my ball point pen does not bleed through in any way.  Each page has a KJV Bible quote.
Notebooks with features similar to the present Moleskine notebooks were a popular standard in 19th and 20th century Europe, handmade by small French bookbinders who supplied the stationery shops of Paris. As documented by many art collections and museums, in the late 19th to early 20th centuries, these nameless notebooks became a prominent creative tool for avant-garde artists who enjoyed drawing and writing outdoors; putting down impressions on paper; painting from life in the streets and cafs; and capturing extemporary scenes, ideas, and emotions. Among artists who used similar black notebooks were Oscar Wilde, Vincent van Gogh, Pablo Picasso, Ernest Hemingway and Henri Matisse.
6668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a bible with very thin paper. It's almost  like tissue paoer. I have such a hard time finding the ccriptures I need.

8424	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted!
3304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great set for the kiddos. Perfect size. Not too large, not too small. Just right! Adhesive backing allows for easy installation on pretty much any surface. Our den area is wood and I thought after awhile the letters would start peeling away. Not so! Months later still looking new. I recommend it! Kids love matching the letters with the different pictures that are on their. C is for Cat.
8582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really good price for a calculator that does what it is supposed to do. This is required for my college chemistry and physics courses and I needed something light and basic. This def fits the bill.
1560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Having the metal peg was more durable than just the plain plastic shelf supports.
P.S. I ALSO OWN THE 6X8!!!
For best results if you are an occasional user, I strongly recommend storing it in a dark place (desk drawer) and you can get much longer use from it without having to replace it as often.
The only thing I don't love about it is the relatively cheap feel.  This is certainly not a huge deal.  I wish it had graphing capabilities.


The book also has a black elastic strap attached to the back that you can stretch around the book for closure.
When installed, It leaked toner all over the paper on EVERY sheet, from the 1st to the 12th, when I packed it up and returned.



8378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Broke after 1 month of regular use.
6935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Pen, I Love it!!! (VLS)
5459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my CEO
2318	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This address book is very small, I bought it for my purse as I already have a large personal address book in my desk. I believe it was meant for a ladies purse, backpack or briefcase.
Cons:  The only thing I wish this product had was seasonal cards as well: Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter
  * Microsoft Windows 3.x/95/98, Microsoft Windows NT 3.51 or later
9615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice support for my wrist and stays on the arm of my recliner so I can surf the web etc. from the comfort of my chair
8847	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	ok pad
346	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great map; very large.  Measure space where you expect to hang it to see if it's the right size for your needs.
9418	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this calculator for my Financial Management Graduate class.  I had never used a financial calculator before, but now that I've used it some, it's pretty simple to use.  It's difficult to switch some things back and forth, but that will come with more use.  I can do all my calculations for my class on the calculator.  I'm giving it 4 stars because you can only view one line of numbers at a time.
2750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Clean pure Fun!!!! Makes certain people laugh (maybe not your boss, iykwim,,,,
I got this for my daughter who is in 5th grade . The kids line up at recess to smell her markers . They write beautiful!
9309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good fit for hand and wrist. Totally different feeling using the mouse.  Like it.
3284	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It seems to be well made without a lot of extra frills just to add cost. I use it at home to help a son who has Autism keep track of a daily schedule. I laminated the cards that came with it and use wet erase markers so we can change the schedule as often as needed.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vtech-2455-2-4GHz-w-3-Mailboxes-CID-Additional-Handset/dp/B000BHIDV0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vtech 2455 2.4GHz w/3 Mailboxes CID & Additional Handset</a>


7917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	exactly what we needed for 6th grade math
5471	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	First, this notebook is little larger than a typical paperback. It is smaller than the standard (8.5x11) notebook size.
7473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good
4387	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There isn't much to say about these other than they are super easy to put on, look great, and excellent for finding your favorite part of the Bible quickly.  It does take a bit of time to put them all on, but that is because there is a lot of books in the Bible.  Love mine.
4005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WE used this as a guest book for my daughter's high school graduation party. We invited guests to sign a note to her, not just their names. I love the rough nature of hte journal cover and the chalkboard design. The saying is perfect for a graduation gift or guest book!


The gel pad was initially too firm and too high. With use, the gel is settling in the middle, while remaining high on the sides, creating a little "cradle" for my wrist.
For fountain pens use the other Cahier journals..
359	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It took me a while to discover that my kids were not going to learn any geography in school.  About the time my 10 year old asked me what the capital of London was, I started shopping for maps.
While I generally love Evan-Moor products, this book is better than their "Read and Understand" series and far superior to the Spectrum workbooks I've picked up.
5868	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What's not to love, am I write?  If you haven't had a Moleskine yet, get yours!  You'll see what all the hype is about :}

4002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using it to write down my dreams.

8880	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A+
1572	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	the set is a bit smaller than I anticipated but I bought it for a friends 2 year old and she carts the backpack around everywhere.  Great beach day/sand pit toy
1711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
If you need a financial calculator for most people this is the only one to get.  Very, very higly recommended.

3865	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this bottle with the purple bottle because they looked perfect together & I already had the blue!! These are great bottles & you can take it everywhere!! I take this to school & use it during the time I'm at home as well!!! I keep this filled with water & keep it in the fridge 24/7 & it's perfect for when you need a pill, or drink or to go!!!

4. The tags, icons, etc are useless to me
Best deal on this three pack is anything under twelve.
As a precautionary measure, if you are using Moleskine (or other notebooks in general) predominantly to write and to draw something that you want to last, use every other pages. (For example, page 3, 5, 7, 9, and so on.)
9753	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Had one of these work horses for years, and loved it. We don't fax much, but it's so expensive when you do. Beats going to the hardware stores, etc. and ending up paying  $20......$2 for the page and $1.00 for each page thereafter....

3324	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Given as a gift - heartily received.
3136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I received this set as a gift and am very happy with it. It is the perfect size to be seen by students across the room. These are pretty sturdy, but still plan on laminating for long term use.
4909	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great classic notebook. Love the back pocket flap and tear-out pages. I make colorful covers for notebooks and these are wonderful notebooks to work with.
3059	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little books. This is the second one I've purchased and it didn't disappoint. It's a fun way to tell someone how you feel.
8581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter. She is taking a college class that reccomended this model. So I bought it for her. She seems very pleased.
816	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best!  Nuff said! !!
3316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my third year of giving Akiane Calendars to friends. Amazing gift she has and shares can't help but delight the giver and receiver.

I feel ripped off after using the product for some time. The back pocket is pretty much useless, the covers are just generic cardboard. I would pay $5 for the three pack, but almost $9 is a ripoff, and there's nothing that "wows" me with these notebooks.
7843	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works perfect
Not worth the price..
114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use it daily
4916	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These little books are great for jotting down anything.
7114	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a good choice for anyone who wants to make their own greeting cards.  It is light enough to feed into the printer easily and is easy to fold.

6356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everyone that comes to our home spots it immediately and raves enviously, "You got the IKEA cart!". Yes, this is the famous cart that everyone loves and couldn't get when there was a shortage last year. Our IKEA restocked and we happily grabbed two - turquoise and dark gray. I love both. Easy to assemble and we haven't run out of ways to use it: storing kids' school supplies, dog supplies, art supplies, video game accessories, you get the picture. We sometimes use one as a bar cart during parties. I'm thinking about buying a few more and giving them away as Christmas gifts. My sister-in-law in NYC desperately wants one but refuses to pay for a Zipcar or shuttle to go to the LI or NJ IKEAs, especially when it only costs $30. We gave one to a friend who immediately spray painted it to match her daughter's nursery (used it as a diaper changing supply cart). The possibilities are endless.

3060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Recipient loved it!
7549	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this

9864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	By far the best label tape I've ever used. Looks great and is very durable.

Highly recommended.
537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent teaching resource. The numbers are large enough to see from a distance and the colors are bright enough to hold student interest. The storage pocket is an added plus!!
9495	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
7356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been a big fan of HP calculators for about 25 years now, and have  about 15 of them in my collection.  The HP-32SII is the best-designed  calculator they have yet made.  Some of the upper-end models are a bit much  and complex to use, while some of the lower-end models use algebraic logic  and are lacking in some commonly needed features.  The HP-32SII is just  right -- enough features to make it very useful, while not being  overdesigned.  It's easy to program, and its RPN continues to be one of my  favorite features.  This is the calculator I use for scientific use on a  daily basis.  You won't be disappointed with this one.
8389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for College Algebra
9716	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these on the wards during rounds with patients and they work perfectly. I can keep papers in them and feel confident that they will be free from prying eyes. I love how roomy this is.
1994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great

1091	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	concept is great...we have another one from another vendor. but this one came with the battery not working and no matter what new battery i put in it...it will not work!

5052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect!
Its tiny
9875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good value.
does the job well
2435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the sweetest little BLACK BOOK.  Good space for addresses, phone (home, cell, fax) and email.  Approximately 6" by 4".  Looks very important too.  Peter Pauper Press is fantastic!
8568	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	My calculator came without cover and that's not what I expected I was disappointed because that wasn't what the image displayed.
5153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am in love with this A4 Moleskine. It has everything I look for in a good notebook (read: Moleskine) with one very important bonus: page size! I no longer feel cramped when writing in it, which is a problem that I have with Moleskine's in general. This is an absolutely amazing notebook and well worth the price. Highly recommended!
I also love the pocket at the end-- where i can keep loose leaf notes, coupons and whatever i want.
I received these at a special promotional price in exchange for my evaluation and an honest, unbiased review.
3610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These stamp beautifully and were perfect for our Holiday cards. I used  a larger acrylic block with the sentiment and a few of the snowflakes for the interior, then I arranged the snowflakes to form a border for the front of the card. I used both dye based and pigment based ink and both worked perfectly.
4518	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great... the only down fall was when it was shipped came in a large box, and felt that was unnecessary.
7713	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Received product as pictured. The only negative is that product base is slippery so handle from top to prevent dropping! Hope this brand last longer than Amazon's basic solar calculator which lasted less than one year.
  * None
I came with a black ballpoint, but will change to blue later.
3629	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought to match the Venus Floor Lamp. Like the floor lamp, this isn't all that bright, but I don't work too much at night anymore and it meets the need when I have to because I can focus where it puts the light. The Venus line is stylish even if not very bright. I kept the two lamps.
(An odd note: For some reason, as I write this review, Amazon doesn't seem to carry this in black--there's grey and blue, and there's black in other sizes of the Cahier.)
9480	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This mat helps my wrist pain from using the mouse for hours a day. The gel bottom is soft and leaning my wrist against it is soothing. I'm glad I bought this. It really makes a difference and doesn't interfere with me using my mouse at all.
8076	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great paper for greeting cards
Just know what you need it for, don't buy it if you need graphing functions or a more graphic interface.
3171	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for organization
249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year granddaughter loves playing school at home with her friends.  She didn't "need" these, but boy did it add to her play-classroom fun!
7608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Daughter is happy and still on the honors list.
5603	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good item
469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A good map.  Nice size.  I attached it to a large cork board and I use it to track my various travels and use push pins to mark the interesting placed I have been.
They are a bit pricey for a simple note pad but I would recommend them to a friend.
415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We are using this to show my son where His Daddy is when he travels for work. Also were all our relatives live around the country.
58	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this case for my son's Webelo scout book. It's perfect and I'm glad we opted for this case rather than the case offered in that scout store. Pro's: it's army green, has extra pockets on the outside, a carabiner with a compass (that doesn't work properly but looks cool to the user, so I'm happy, and a nice handle.

6179	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great item, great price, malleable front cover

3082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute present for birthdays or Mother's Day. It's simple yet requires a bit of thinking about the memories that you and your mom have spent together. Highly recommended for all the wonderful moms out there!
I looked at barnes and noble and they have bookmarks for ten or twelve dollars this is not even a third of the price and you can get several for the price of one of theirs?  Maybe some luck would be a good idea for all of us? Smart buy
5135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These books are for permanent notes.  I use these at school for student conferences and data I may want to keep for a few years.  Fine paper for fountain pens.  (Molla skeen a)
Perfect for recipes, photos, Project Life, or anything that requires a 4x6 box. Highly recommended.
8084	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great
Both the higher-content 18 karat pens AND the lower 10 karat models look more like gold.  If you want a "gold" pen, I would save some money and get the cheaper 10 karat model.  It's a little paler than the 18 karat, but it still looks like gold.
7896	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good calculator for basic math problems. what most teachers recommend for their classes
1415	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's the walking dead and I don't have to say anything else....buy it.
5700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Are you like me, do you have ten zillion notebooks started on various subjects? I like the size of these, not such a big blank page that it's imposing, but big enough for a nice sized sketch. And there are just the right number of pages to make several sketches at a museum excursion, so you won't use up the WHOLE notebook but so you won't come home with your notebook only 10 percent full and feel like you didn't accomplish anything. I agree about the nice paper and colors, as the other reviewer noted. Moleskine is always a good choice.
7463	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing.
7131	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Price but, great paper.
2640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for family at Christmas and they loved it!  It is creative and gets everyone laughing.  I highly recommend buying for anyone who has troubles making decisions!
7385	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My 5th grader needed a calculator to check his own work so I bought him this. He loves it, in fact I am going to have to buy another one for his sister, since they do their homework at the same time sharing can be difficult. Great little calculator!
9668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good mousepad in both comfort and function.  My microsoft wireless optical mouse tracks very well with it.  The gel wrist cushion takes a few minutes to get used to, but is very comfortable and convenient.  I use my computer for 10min to 3hr at a time and have found it to be very comfortable.
5882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best moleskin notebook I've ever owned. Right size and durable.
It should be remembered, that with an item like this, only time will tell how good it will be. Fountain pens are known to be able to last for decades, if well cared for... and at only a couple of weeks, I really haven't tested the pen well yet.
2094	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	At first I didn't realize the two sides of these markers were connected...but it's a little clip with two sides that are magnetic. It's a perfect little bookmark! Love them!
3752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item as a gift for my mom.  I am so impressed with it that I want a set for myself!  The concept is great.  Turning french fries with a spatula is difficult - you either don't get them all turned or you lose some off the tray.  With this item, you just pick it up and turn it over. It makes the fries nice and brown and extra crispy.  The non-stick coating is very durable -- and DISHWASHER SAFE!!  It feels sturdy, has a quality look, and the 9" x 12" size is just right for mom and dad, and even a guest or two.  It may be a bit small for a larger family, though.  The one year hassle-free replacement and Lifetime Limited Warranty is a bonus.
2471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely bookmark that is as described
All of the students did not like the change but those that had my neighbor in class knew exactly what it meant and what to do and just naturally put their phones in the pockets.  With an explanation, even though they did not like it, they are complying.  This pocket chart has been a really sanity-saver for me as well.

3683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good

1578	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a well made pot, and had it a stainless steel lid instead of a glass one, I'd give it 5 stars. The lid has held up, but I don't care for that type of lid. It has held up well in the months (or has it been a year or more already?) since I bought it.
4575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All the info I wanted for my students desk.

8269	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife enjoys the creative process and personal touch of making/designing her own Special Occasion cards for family and friends.  The package of Avery white half-fold greeting cards containing 20 each of card stock and envelopes, is perfect for this endeavor.  The best feature of the card is the well-defined fold line, which helps when determining what side is the best or correct side, for the front of the card. The quality and sturdiness of the card stock is a big plus. It is a good weight...not heavy, but not too light, either! The paper accepts all the colored inks well, with the printing and pictures clear and clean-looking. The designs can slightly show through if printed on both sides, but that is not a big distraction.  She will definitely order this product again.
1471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	loud ring can:turn off when not in use; can't beat the price
7534	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	pretty simple and straightforward, this one is good for College Chemistry
1183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Thank You Cards from pretty. simple. cards. are simply beautiful. "Thank you" is printed in a beautiful script font on the cover of the card. So elegant!  The self-sealing envelopes are a very nice touch, I love them! No more licking envelopes!
For the price, you are getting a healthy amount of oil too. I would recommend this product easily.
845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's just my opinion but this album might just be the greatest assemblage of The  Beatles' work ever produced. Sgt. Pepper represents their middle period of counterculture Classic Rock music and may well be the top rock album of the entire 20th Century, (and of the 21st, so far!).

2046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Saw these on Facebook feeds. The calendar is so funny will be getting one next year too.
1132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME! A MUST HAVE! MAKES UNDERSTANDING AND STUDY EASIER! These tabs are almost IMPOSSIBLE to find elsewhere. These are excellent! Sturdy and well made! Breaking down the Catechism like this makes it much easier to find topics, study topics and not so intimidating. I HIGHLY recommend them for new comers to the Catholic faith and anyone trying to read and understand the Catechism! MANY MANY THANKS!!!
8846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.  Practical.  No nonsense.  Buy it!
1782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, good price.
If you buy high quality ink like I do you want to spend a little more on paper and save on the ink because ink costs the big bucks. For the price you can find this paper from various sellers on Amazon there's no excuse not to use better paper.
2607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
  * Memory, MIO
4482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Holds around 20 standard posters.
9000	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Currently saving my hand veins from premature death!!!
1058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A nice addition to my going on vacation Gazetteer's, used this on this years cruse to Alaska lots of useful info,
Great for College Assignments.
195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My niece loves Peppa Pig and loves to swim, so got this fun little book for her to enjoy over the summer.  Peppa and George look pretty cute swimming.  Like the arm floaters.  These are upbeat little books which go with the TV series.  The price is great on these books, too.  A lot of bang for the buck.
3760	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am no baker, so I was worried about using these.  I wanted to make cupcakes for my son's preschool.  I was so relieved when these turned out to work perfectly.  I used a chocolate cake mix, and I greased but didn't flour the cups (don't know if that was necessary or not).  The cupcakes popped out perfectly formed and cooked evenly.  It was no problem to get them out and all the shapes looked great, especially the christmas tree.
8594	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.
5959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gave this book so a family member. It's a really nice book with good quality paper, a strap to close it, and it's durable. Definitely a good product.
126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rented textbook

It fits in my hand perfectly. Stands up really well to the weather and give sme all the room I need.
8939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable and quality is good
2725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This note pad is great to have on the refrigerator and reminds us to get needed tasks done. I'm glad someone thought of creating this.
4583	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	tiny - cheap - and the box is ridiculous!
5951	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This paper is so thin the ink bleeds through terribly. I read all the other reviews that say exactly that but I thought maybe it would be different for my fountain pen. Not so. I suspect that even rollerball pens would bleed through the thin paper. Beautiful journal though. The whole thing is kind of flimsy -- it's definitely not a hard cover. The spine itself is pretty stiff so the cover and pages don't really fold down very flat. If you're looking for a large journal you can roll up and you use pencil or ball point this might work well.
2639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK, decision making is not for all people. Some just freak out when the simplest of decisions needs to be made "what would you like for dinner?"
4526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	everything included for the bulletin board it is made well and not flimsy
5602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and color. There is however, no quality control sticker as it usually has.
7255	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The paper is super.  professional grade and Snow White.

749	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent calendars!

My advice: if you want a good Cross pen, go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in USA. They aren't making them the same anymore.
4024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved it and it was so nice on my desk
* not confident it will last, but it's not flimsy

3203	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I expected. It saves so much space, since I can hang it on a hook inside my school closet. Definitely a huge improvement over those bulky, poorly constructed storage boxes.
1569	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	first off - this is a QUEEN - when i got it it wasn't noted and everyone gave different sizes. you can get a standard pillow case on it, as long as you don't want slack. it does come with a pillow case is very nice- however it has polyester in it, and i don't know why i was under the impression that it was totally cotton. it was one of the reasons i got this pillow. i'm allergic to poly.
1313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got these for my daughters and nieces for Easter. They all loved them. It's cute how the ink changes color after a while and the smell is nice too. This is such a cute idea for girls and great gift ideas!!
I LOVE this journal. Quality paper, and the narrow rule lines are printed well. The ink color is perfect -- a comforting gray which doesn't jump off the page at you. :) Also, the cover is buttery soft! It's a pleasure to hold. Oh, and it lays flat pretty easily.
Go to ebay and get a vintage usa made Cross set for 15 bucks. You'll love the high quality vintage usa made Cross sets.
  * 10 TrueType, 35 Intellifonts
9436	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the third version of this calculator I've had since 1996. The original is still working, and I've never changed the battery! It's my go-to calculator for everything. Also using it in my CFA curriculum. I would never choose anything else.
6809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this pen for years until I misplaced it somewhere.  The fine nib was too fine for me but I found the med flowed a little too quickly / thicker than I like.  I had a problem with one & it was replaced by Cross for free I believe though someone here mentioned a processing fee - if there was one it wasn't enough to upset me!  I replaced it with an inexpensive one but I'm considering picking up a Century Classic, Townsend or Spire.  I have had several Century Classic sets (ballpoint, rollerball) too - they make excellent pens & stand behind their product - now if I could only stop losing them!

6659	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great.
Be careful replacing the batteries because if you touch it in the wrong
2077	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice bookmark!
I applied this with the help of the resident nine-year-old and found this very easy to do.  It sticks easily and you can smooth it out very easily - when you're done, it's a very professional look.
4098	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	KaiserFlex is the best utensils out there. They are sturdy, long and heat resistant. I use them from mixing batter to stirring foods on the stove. Made of very durable silicone that will not loose it shape, color or even break. You will not be disappointed.
5444	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Soft cover, classy/professional looking and I actually like the elastic that allows me to put additional papers/post-its, etc... in it without it coming apart. As some other reviewers have previously mentioned, the paper itself is pretty thin - but, I think that's the trade-off for the planner itself being so thin - thus more portable (since it's light, I'm not likely to carry it around with me everywhere). I'm currently not doing a lot of sketch journal/planning, but if you're into that, these pages might be a little too thin for you. You might want to just consider buying a sketchbook and making your own planner. Gel-based ink can be seen through these pages when I use them, so I try to stay with regular ink or pencil. Felt pens and highlighters you can see from the other side when you turn the page as well. Any pens that are really "inky," you'll probably see through on the other side. There's quite a few pages in the front of the planner that has information for a traveler, like time zones, flight duration, dialing codes, unit conversions, international sizes/conversion, "monthly" view - NOT in calendar format but just 2 columns. I don't really use those and end up putting a paperclip to hold those pages to the front cover of the planner so that I don't have to bother with them. Sometimes if I'm really pressed for scratch paper, I'll just write over them. But because the pages are so thin, you're not going to be feeling like you're carrying all that extra weight around. I've been using it for 4 months now, and like it, but I do wish the paper was a little thicker, so that if I don't have to pay attention to what kind of pen I'm using, or if I wanted to doodle/sketch journal, I can do it without worrying about not being able to use the other side.


367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not the best map projection, but hard to complain for such a large map at this low price. Hang one in your house now! Dream about going places, then go there.

791	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely note card set!  Perfect for a quick note to say hi and let someone know you are thinking of them.  The envelopes are cute and a nice touch too with the dots and pink outlines.  The quality is good on the cards and envelopes.  I will definitely be ordering more of these!
5933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I started using this particular moleskine product after my electronic organizer died.
8483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is great and works as expected to.  Haven't had any issues with it yet.
1867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As an owl lover, I bought these to cheer up my days when filing personnel paper.  They're sturdy and cute.  What more can you want?
2728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A student of mine told me about Knock Knock so I went on the website and fell in love with their products.  This is the one product of theirs that we use regularly.  It's on the fridge.  Can't live without it.
5999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a die hard Moleskine fan. This review had me fill out some questions specific for books with stories or plots. Since you are using your moleskine however you want, the plot is your own, the story is your own, the sketching is your own and best of all the pages are beautiful to write on. I prefer squared notebooks to lined ones because I often will draw diagrams and since I myself am not an artist it keeps me on track.
5557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.
This has been a great way to support my wrist and protect me from repetitive motion wrist injury from computer use. I find my hand and wrist much more comfortable thanks to this item. Well worth the cost.

3808	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice pen, I like the size and weight, it's well constructed and the multi-use function is superb. Unfortunately, I never really got comfortable with the pen 0.5 not the smoothness writing tool.

5845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskin books have the right size and feel for me. The paper is thin, but not too thin for writing and sketching. This notebook has a pocket in the back, which I think is unnecessary and just adds to the price, but I do like the elastic that holds the book together, and the inbuilt bookmark. The book lies flat, and easily folds over without breaking the spine.
7722	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It was a nice addition for my storage clipboard and I always have a calculator with me for work to...well, calculate.  It's a good size, the buttons have a good feel and it's one thing I won't have to replace batteries on.
4701	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm using it to keep web site passwords and information handy instead of relying on memory or searching through several other information gathering places that I have.  It's red, making it easy to see, and the size of each page is perfect for each site.  My family knows if anything happens to me, all the information they need to gain access to my accounts is here.
3956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For those of you that don't like the portion of the calendar on the left (where you can write individual names) - you can fold that back and not use it or have it show.  I didn't like it at first, but found I actually use that part a lot.  Great calendar!
9512	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good calculator for doing financial accouting



1881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice colorful stars that is versatile.  Come in three sizes.  I used these to decorate a wall in my daughter's bedroom with the use of tape.  Like that it mixes colors with metallic gold colors.
6531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I picked up this planner during college and have continued to use it for years post graduation. It's perfect and always keeps me on track with my projects at work.

1292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son loves these.  they write well
Note: You need to plan out how to arrange the tabs before you start :)
1102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very durable, plenty of pages, and unlike other lab notebooks it is spiral bound, which I like. Probably a fair bit cheaper than your college bookstore, too.
1341	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Smell is not very strong with most pens, but the colors are fun and different than most pens on the market.
8670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a programmer and a designer who uses the computer for hours of a day and will probably die in front of it, I can say, this little jelly pad is awesome. I love it because it does what it needs to, it isn't giant, and it doesnt have a weird silicon texture, it has a nice fabric on it and it saves your wrist. I am using it right now actually. Wonderful!

2928	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My guests love filled this out!
2814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Would order again
To my surprise there is the main map, then on the bottom left is the type of terrain map, and on the bottom right is the population map. This was so helpful for what I was using the map for!!
2792	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected

1146	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying these calendars for many years.  They never disappoint.  Quality photographs and serious information keep me informed of upcoming events and historical dates.  Highly recommend these for personal use and gifts.
1- I had a hanging file fall down the wall (another story) and it ended up ripped just by rubbing past it. I taped the sides back together but it made me wonder about durability despite my experience when I first put it up
1023	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the sections and lines that are in this lesson plan book. I will buy again next year.
675	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This recipe binder is beautifully colored and vintage looking in floral style on both the covers and the included pocketed recipe dividers (great for storing handwritten recipes from relatives). The binder is very sturdy as are the metal binder rings, which are easy to open and close, so you don't need to worry about the pages falling out. On the front inside cover there is a very helpful liquid and dry measurement conversion chart as well as a food equivalent chart - this is very handy and saves me from having to stop in the middle of cooking and looking up the conversions online. The back inside cover has a roasting temperature chart and a oven temperature chart, which I use less often but is also helpful.


3513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice breeze from such a small footprint


6702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Action Day line of planners are my favorites. I like the layout, the binding, and the elastic keeper.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zondervan-Olive-green-bible-cover-w-Compass-Large/dp/0310806593/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zondervan Olive green bible cover w/Compass Large</a>
Overall, great buy if you plan to save the notebook after it is filled.
5338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I always carry a journal and it's always a Moleskine. This one is the perfect size, perfect for keeping my thoughts and to-do lists.
- The notebooks are designed in Italy.
* Special features....my favorites...a closing band to kept this book closed in my purse. It is PINK!
275	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made. Can't wait to give to my grandbaby
Now, if you want to know which songs are the best or worst, listen to the CD!  I like every one of them.  This CD is one of those where every single song could have been released and it would have gone top 40, even though the styles run from pure pop ("Fixing a Hole" and "With a Little Help from My Friends) to a big band rock sound (Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band - OF COURSE!), to psychedelic pop (Within You, Without You - a song with the only flaw of being TOO DARN SHORT!!!).
The housing of the pen is cheap plastic and the end of the pen slides around, begging to be played with, which will lead to it being unscrewed.
  I just got done putting them up this August in our new classroom, and they have re-stuck to the walls perfectly! I am very very happy with the longevity of this product. They are wonderful! (we bought the numbers too btw and they worked just as well resticking!)
9098	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	mouse doesnt work properly, Steelseries is the best.
clip is very strong holds several forms at once. the only complaint that i have is that the clip itself is starting to rust.
 - Dividers and pocket sections.
Still, I don't like the idea of moving production to China on a classically American product. Just by ideal it seems like a cheap knockoff, even if it is technically the same product.
7665	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for a guy with big hands.  Compact size is unobtrusive and keys are durable.
1. The cover is beautifully embossed with the Evernote logo and icons from the splash screen.
5218	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Ordered two for a project--one was great, the other's pages were creased crookedly making it unacceptable.  Unfortunately I didn't open the shrink-wrap and inspect these quickly enough to use Amazon's guarantee.  Spent an hour online, took photos--everything, but the maker's website customer service was impossible to navigate.  Never heard from them, don't think the complaint got through.
9516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little calculator. It has some great functions and basic functions. Needed this for a college level Financial Investments class and it worked great.
These particular hardcover journals act as my do-all, day to day notebook, from jotting down ideas, to sketching, to writing poetry... Anything I feel compelled to write down goes in one of these. The paper has a nice, warm tone that doesn't make it feel like your eyes are burning out of your head. The size is also perfect. While compared to other notebooks, it may seem on the small side, it is perfect to carry around with you. There's always one in my backpack.


2413	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a little black book for sure. All I needed will work good
This CD will be one of those that will be a classic in the style of the "1812 Overture."  People will be referring to it in the next century and beyond!
8848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed and as always Belkin is the BEST!
1301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I loved these pens. I would definitely order them again. They are bright, glittery, and fun. The smells are light, so not too overpowering and disgusting smelling. Plus I love how many colors there are. You definitely get a bang for your buck with these!
Built to last and the feel of the keys is very durable.  Love the way
I wrote this review about the older moleskine pocket reporter, not the new "Classic" version Moleskine is selling now. The new "Classic" is very disappointing and I do not recommend it. I have a review of the "Classis", which is all you will find on Amazon, dated April 17, 2017.
1813	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great. Happy colors.
The Higgins ink - while it requires a bit more nib-flushing than the Cross ink (mainly for cosmetic reasons) - writes quite well, drying quickly. On the paper types I tried it on, it also seems to be a slightly deeper black, and doesn't bleed through quite as badly - making it better for the heavy ink saturation used in drawing.
3067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gift idea!
While using them, you will notice that the bristles will pick up the color of the pencils you are using, but that doesn't transfer to other areas one you are done with one color. And they cleaned up fine with a little bit of hand soap. It says they are dishwasher friendly, but I haven't needed to do more than quickly hand wash them to keep them clean. The bristles are nylon so they aren't really prone to much staining. And even if they stain a bit, it doesn't affect how well they work.
2. The elastic closure is green instead of black. As is the placeholder.
6410	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	received in find order
7332	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's just what my six year old granddaughter needed. She loves to look for countries on it and enjoys the raised surfaces of the mountain ranges. Just wish the base wasn't made of plastic.
Everyone who sees it always comments on how much it makes sense having the handle horizontal rather than vertical.  Really, when was the last time anyone complemented your potato masher?  Just buy it, already and quit wasting your time reading reviews!
7744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you need a calculator that prints, this is not the calculator for you. However, if you need a handy sized, easy to read, solar calculator...this is a good one. It does everything that I want a calculator to do at work. It can figure %. I never use these features, but it can figure tax rates and has memory (mrc, m-, m+). The buttons are big enough. I would buy this model again.
3381	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great value for the price: large size, vivid colors, durable card stock material, variety of sea creatures. I plan to use these on a bulletin board at school.
Affordable
5225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks! Perfect size, and I use them for lists, doodles, and general journaling. I prefer the lined version to the gridded version (even for bullet journaling) because I am a lefty and things smudge/slant anyway. The lines are a very very faint light gray, so they aren't obnoxious, I just think they are more visually appealing. I like the bookmark feature and the strap to keep it closed. The hardcover protects it and makes the notebook look sleek and professional. I use one for work and one for general life, and put laptop stickers on them in order to differentiate.
My favorite cut is "With a Little Help from My Friends," a very melodic and period typical love-one-another tune. I was similarly bowled over by Joe Cocker's (slower) version of this composition which he sang live at Woodstock.
8260	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am on my third pack of Avery half-fold cards in only about a year's time. I love this product! Aside from the typical print-out greeting cards, I use the cardstock for a couple of other things as well: (1) They're scored deeply enough that they rip in half easily. Once ripped in half, I cut along the line to make it look neater, fold each half of cardstock in half, and then make two handmade cards out of one sheet. (2) The cardstock works really well as a cover when creating half-fold booklet projects.

3577	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	GOOD

546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great for counting the days of school.
451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a Christmas gift for my grandson along with another map, tacks, flags.  I know he will love it.  Received it quickly.  Thank you
284	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was going to mark this 3 stars, but I imagine for the price you're not going to find anything like it. As a Special Educator who moves around and pulls small groups I love the concept and design, but the magetic pull isn't very strong (light plastic letters slip a bit) and the dry erase isn't as erasable as it could be. But for a portable table top workspace it's pretty good. Just remember NOT to leave any writing on the board, erase it immediately to prevent stains and permanent marks. If you can, use the flat magnetic letters rather than the letter shaped platic pieces.
4680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the Moleskine sketch and watercolor albums. The watercolor paper is a nice "in between" hard and cold press. Enough tooth to get down a nice watercolor effect and smooth enough to write on for a journal comfortably. The pages are thick enough that they don't curl easily (although if your style is to totally saturate the page I would imagine there would be some curling). I'll pass my full books on to the next generation I hope! You won't be disappointed.
4513	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice colors
3125	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for kids to put sentences together but has the words on the lines so then they can copy them down.
3083	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Mom loved it.

124	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I did not find any leather in this Bible Cover.  I do like the purse style and believe it is easier on the spine of large study Bibles.  However I wanted a leather cover and returned these because they were not a discribed.  Amazon was very gracious to give me a full refund and pay for all shipping.
Setting the clock for the first time:
6906	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK
2294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really liked this bookmark. It is well made and has a great print quality. I would recommend, even at the current price since many times you cannot find nice bookmarks like this at your local stores.
Each letter of the alphabet has entry that includes areas for you to fill in date read, title, author, awards, your impressions and a rating among other information.  However there are only 6 pages per letter.  You have to do decide how to organize the books, by title or by author but really I doubt I'll be reading as many X books as ones that begin with H or C or S for example.  There are many empty pages in the back so the journal could easily have added more pages to either all of lettered sections or to the most commonly used letters.
8601	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	works well. Has multi functions on same buttons. Meets school requirements.
I use this blank canvas Moleskine for every single project I undertake in my life - from losing weight to creating a new wardrobe, from decorating my home to decorating my garden.
35	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My daughter likes this backpack type Bible cover.  She is able to put some pens and a little notebook in the pockets.  The cover does protect the Bible.
4343	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Often I am involved in meetings and discussions that involve the Bible.  I have several versions of the Bible and enjoy comparing the differences in wording.  Occasionally the different translations of a verse yield a different meaning.  Frequently the way a verse is worded  communicates more clearly the intent of the original text.

is the one to get. It will last FOREVER!!!!!  It's nice
7795	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected.  Thank you.
53	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This cover is great for kiddos who continually break bibles and their bindings! My kids love the  pocket in the front. It's a great place for stickers, pen, pencil, etc that they get from church.
3348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We homeschool, but even if I did not, I would purchase this book!!  It has fun worksheets, great pull out maps, and is highly appealing to kids, my child happens to be 6.
6074	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Very Disappointed. Ruled lines are very faint and hard to see. Must have run out of ink. Not very many pages either. Wont order these again.
It is very well made.
7636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a good little all-around caculator for home finances or general math.
If you are an art journaler, or you like to use markers or paint in your journal, THIS is the Moleskine you want. The pages are thick, sort of like card stock consistency. Perfect for art journaling and would hold up to plenty of "abuse" if necessary. Love it!
2149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this bookmark at The Grove, and the moment I saw this book mark I fell in love.. This is a MUST BUY for readers who enjoy that fresh start in the morning when you read an inspiring quote. No matter how many times I read this, it never gets old..
84	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I recently bought a New Inductive Study Bible (ESV). The dimensions made it hard until I found this cover. It arrived today. The quality is top notch and the measurements are exactly as described. It is an XL case. I read a review that complains about the dimensions being different. It could be they received a medium and not an XL. I love it and will do business with these folks again.
9518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what I needed in my finance class.
the price can not be beat
As for this product itself.  The Moleskine journals are really nice.  They are well made, durable and are a joy to write in.  The only challenge I have is that the cover isn't really stiff enough to write on without a desk.  But, they make hard cover journals for that.  Perhaps I'll try that for my next one.
7464	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Poor QA - Breaks easily.  I've bought two of these in the past 3-4 years.  The first one bit the dust and I figured it was my fault for being too rough with it (but really, I baby them).  The Silver 25th anniversary edition's key's stopped working.  So I bought this one, a plain vanilla 12c, this one's LCD died.  The HP QA and or design on this calculator is lacking.  I love this calculator, but I won't be buying another one because they break from regular use.
is the permanent price aggregation over time,so you can't count on a stable price subscribing
1. The cover is beautifully embossed with the Evernote logo and icons from the splash screen.
6482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size; I'm using a fine tip pen (0.25) to write in it.
5219	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was hoping that the paper would be a bit better since it was labeled "art plus". There really was no info on the paper at the time of purchase. If you are used to moleskine sketchbooks (as opposed to notebooks or watercolor albums) you will probably find many great uses for this one.
7017	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I love Cross pens but this one does not have a smooth mechanism nor does it look as good as in the picture.
683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For 15 years I have owned a 3x5 wooden recipe box with the type of lid that lifts up in such a way that it leaves a nice prop for you to stand the card on. I HATED IT! It was too small, cramped, and the desiqn of the lid made it impossible to see the cards in the back. On an impulse buy I grabbed this one. I love it! Its roomy, the cards(4x6) are large enough for ALL the info and since the lid opens like a normal lid would, I can easily flip to even the recipes in the back! I had to change some of the tab labels to suit my preferences but who cares. And although I've always stored my recipe box in the cupboard- after I received this one and saw how pretty it was, I felt compelled to find a place for it right out on the counter. It has a slight gloss to it so you can wipe messes off but I assume it will stain or get water damage fairly easily if you're not careful. But for now, while its pretty, it stays on the counter.
I had a pen and pencil set of this Cross Century from 1976 that started slipping after many years of use.

278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great way to let my granddaughter play with her alphabet magnets without being in the way in the kitchen.  She can sit and use her board and still be close to the action.  Helpful useful addition.
build quality , design,and instruction manual.
9773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hey, what do you know, this is the new stapler all the T-50 staples fit.  I experienced but one jam but I can't blame that on the staple gun.  This is surely a good product.
2789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely  an  office hit..five stars  for sure !
8906	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very good.
Designed in Italy. Made in China.
117	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love this cover! It's well made, it's sewn together and honestly I expect it to last me a very long time. I'll edit this or post in the comments if I have any problems so if you don't see any here, then know it's still going well.
I find the many benefits of Le Creuset make this pan a worthy purchase. This pan adds a desirable crispy texture to dishes like mac-n-cheese. Add a roasting rack and this pan is perfect for roasting chickens. The enamel is attractive, while the cast iron keeps the food warm for serving. Cleaning and caring for this dishwasher safe pan is easy. When properly taken care of, this pan will last a lifetime.
3968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these planners, I get them every year. There is plenty of room for all my notes and each family member has their own spot making it easy to keep up with each persons appointments and schedule. It comes with conventional stickers for everything from doctors appointments to vacations to call, even comes with to do list and shopping list which get better every year. Theres a place to hold cards, notes, keep address and phone numbers, monthly and weekly calendars and much more.

2989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a lovely set, my friend just loves it!

14	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy
1820	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
 It includes a daylight lighting indicator page that tells you if your lighting is good or bad.

5. And finally... Cross has switched some of the internal parts to plastic, instead of metal.  It was never an extremely heavy pencil, but it had just enough weight to feel good while writing.  Now it kind of feels cheap.
4697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like the Moleskine notebooks. The quality is really good! I have been using these notebooks for two years, hard to change to another brand.
  * Slot provided total qty
3093	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little book was a HIT for my mom's 70th Birthday!  It made her cry.  I would recommend this for anyone who wants to make their mom's heart melt.
I have also tried the 4x6" Knock Knock pad but found it to be too small to fit enough on there.
3930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
7670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery and nice product.
1801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
 - Clear plastic sleeves for recipe cards (so you can see both sides when cooking)
This thing is phenomenal to say the least.  I use it every day to make whole food vegetable drinks and fruit smoothies all in a minute or less.  There is no struggling, no stray pieces of ice or fruit, and no fear that it's going to burn out like my other blenders did from the strain of trying to blend ice and frozen fruit over a period of time.  I wouldn't have dreamed of putting cucumbers, carrots or broccoli in my old blender to make something drinkable but with this, everything is blended to a perfect consistency.  You can even put whole ice cubes in it.

6235	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size and has Moleskin's quality behind it.

  Paper Color  Off white
6908	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Pen. Great grip and style.
4177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loves this! How can you go wrong with Frozen!
318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute notebook!
7489	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great investment.

I own two and the non-stick is still intact after about a hundred loaves.
8240	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great Calculator.
8413	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to do. Before I started my fall semester at my local college, I needed a scientific calculator for my stats class. I went to my local Rite Aid and they were selling them for $99 a piece. When I looked on Amazon, they were $10.96 (at the time of purchase). Why would I pass up such a savings? I'm a college student, on a limited budget, I can't just throw away money when I need that money for basic essentials (like food, transportation costs, books, etc.).
7313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thick inkjet paper suitable for printing double-sided. this is a high quality paper suitable for resumes but is inexpensive enough for daily use. also found elsewhere on amazon but for more money.
logically, but this one is comfortable to hold and use.
4655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these as a gift for my dad along with a beautiful leather cover for this size that I got on Etsy.  They don't need a cover though, but it is really nice looking and can be refilled endlessly with this style/size of moleskine cahier.  My dad keeps a journal with him all the time and this is his favorite size as it fits easily in his pocket.  He has used these for years and they survive well over time.
1532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice big bowls.
9731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect product for my needs
5587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just received these and they are smaller than I thought, about 3/4 the size of a dollar bill and very thin. They are the perfect size for my job. I'm a nurse and these will fit nicely into my pocket to help me remember my passcodes for the computer and the step by step instructions for all the little things I need to remember. I will update if it falls apart, but I'm very hopeful.
4644	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Dry erase and perfect for hanging in the RV and planning or recording a trip.  Only disadvantage is that it is so large that it is hard to find a spot.
1326	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	These pens are a cute idea; however,  I do not notice the scent and I do not notice the yellow ink when writing it is very hard to see. These pens also didn't take any time at all to leak. I would not purchase them agian.

This type of ink has excellent darkness range, from very faint gray to very high-contrast black. The color cartridges have great color range. Together, the overall color range is almost as good as a specialty "photo" printer, but the ink doesn't cost nearly as much. While it really looks great on fancy paper, it works well even on cheap paper...
71	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for Webelos Scout Book.  Was able to embroider name on large flap on front.
9071	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	does the job
3478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great looking and works well
291	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	very small!
7676	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great calculator if it is prescribed for your class.  Otherwise, get the best calculator allowed.  The decimal point is hard to see but the newer version which costs double has a more visible decimal point. I prescribe the ti30xa for my class as I want students to concentrate on the fundamentals of numerical methods rather than punch in the numbers and get an answer.
6500	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered one of these and it shipped very quickly.  Unfortunately it was completely damaged due to the terrible cover material they use on this expensive planner.  Don't waste your time or money, this is a cheap planner which won't last the year due to the thin cardboard mateterial they use on the cover.  There are no tabs, just paper in the center.  Very dissapointed in this after all the great reviews.
4825	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS!


2675	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was a little gift for my forgetful hubby with Bipolar.  We use a sense of humor to get us through the day.  Good quality. Very cute

3147	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my classroom!
1803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were a gift- she loves them!
3791	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my water bottle. This one is definitely gym friendly.
5350	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've tried Leccheturn (sp?) 1917 and I prefer Moleskine. The paper is a nice soft white -- easy on the eyes -- and the book lays flat when open. Handy envelope in the back for smaller cards and ephemera.

6086	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Its a great, portable sketchbook, it has nice thick pages appropriate for pens and markers. I prefer the softer cover version, even though the pages are thinner, bit that's just my preference.
Larry Braun
8250	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	no, you won't fool anyone into thinking that these are commercial-quality cards, but they're pretty good. i prefer the matte finish over glossy which tend to have even flimsier paper. the size of these cards are basically a piece of 8.5"x11" paper folded in half, so that makes these larger than a normal commercial greeting card. but since they're "regular paper-sized," it's easy to design your own elements and print without worrying about sizing, orientation, etc...
405	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I,love this...
3665	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Shipping was incredibly fast. Product better than expected. LOVE IT!
8096	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like the calculator but some of the buttons need to be pressed harder than others or the number won't type so I have to be careful or I will make an error.
2460	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These bookmarks are very well made for the price and have a protective cover over it. Like the various tassles too.
1072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Works perfectly and my daughter uses it for her school reading logs.
2546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The map is very nice and I am pleased with it. The detail is good and easy to read with fairly decent roads and cities highlighted.
1961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Zentangle books are so much fun! This is probably my favorite because it deals with circles and mandalas. If you love to doodle you'll definitely want to add it to your collection.
9787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This hand stapler is pretty much the standard in this tool class, made of steel and handles the abuse.  I haven't had much problems with jams.  Loading staples may take some getting used to if you've not used it before, but it is not rocket science.  As this is a hand stapler, I would definitely use this for small jobs or quick needs.  If I were doing anything substantial, I would use a more powerful tool like an air stapler.  But this is cheap and definitely gets the job done and fills a critical place in the toolbox.
4433	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't that impressed with the photos; they are beautiful landscape photos but there isn't as much focus on the stars. It should have been called "Night Sky" instead - that would have been more accurate.
  About the only things missing from this calculator are an "off" key, (not found on the LS-82z, or on most other calculators, either), a "resume" key, (found, at present, only on the large and somewhat cumbersome Sharp (R) VX=2128R calculator -- but a feature that would be welcome on ANY calculator!), and a "live" battery, (you know -- an

2783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good buy for a Manager Survival Kit Promotion gift set.
Be sure to apply them firmly as the sticky stuff on the back really only has a one-time application.  If you're looking for something different, and sure to draw attention and comments, I would recommend these sticky notes.
9128	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I already had one of these, but bought it again when I saw Amazon selling it for $5.00! WHAT?????? Now I have one for my laptop. I play a lot of video games on my computer (like hours...like 5-6 hours sometimes/day) and the gel pad helps my wrist from cramping up.
6862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
5174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is a great brand which provides you with notebook very resistant and very nice. I strongly recommend this product for studenst and workers.
9227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks good, and it's comfortable. Not much else you can say about one of these.
  * Color
Love Moleskine, and I'm very excited for July to start, so I can start using my bigger planner. I'd recommend to anyone.
8327	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome! Thanks!
16	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fits the Bible well.  I wish it was more secure though.
8491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used this on both my EIT and my PE exams.
One strip a day. Easily torn off to be posted on your office door, or that of your unsuspecting boss or favorite technical writer.
6459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this planner rocks  I love vertical day layouts; so much easier to perceive timing of obligations.  The only thing I would recommend is to reduce width of left notes column so sat/sun can each have their own column rather than sharing it (weekends are busy!) and reduce the height of the notes below the days so we can have longer days to book all my appts.  So far, this is the best off the shelf planner i have found, and I am a planner person, starting from the Day Runner in the 1980s.
3291	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
9455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good deal.
941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great thanks
8738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this pad.  I had the exact same one and it lasted for over 20 years (yes, really).  But, with that long of wear, it needed replacing and went with what works for me.
5278	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have ADD and Evernote helps me keep my life together. And I try to keep everything digital - but when one has ADD, the pinging of e-mails and banner ads can be very distracting, so notebooks are helpful. You can unplug and think a little.

I have used these several times and always have received a comment on their beauty.
2731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WTF can you say about this except WTF.
6977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best pens and pencils I have ever used and now the only pens and pencils I use. I also gave a set of pen and pencil to my lover who returned to school after a 32 year absence. I love the make and feel of the barrel, the motion of the pen and pencil in my hand, the writing technique the pens and pencils are built upon, and the automation of the pens and pencils. Will continue enjoying this model for some time to come. Was doing an audit for work several years ago in another town and left the pencil there. Of course, I purchased a new Cross Classic Century 14 K Gold Filled pen and pencil set.
8264	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The cards and envelopes are a good quality paper and have a nice feel to them.  I like to use my own photos designs for cards and  these will be perfect for Christmas this year.
9774	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good
5362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
My son and I tried out this calculator.  We both like that it has a two-line display, yet is still small and light for carrying around in a backpack. The buttons push easily and the functions are pretty easy to locate.  I like that the blue color should stand out compared to the typical black calculator...makes it harder to misplace.
Liked this strainer so much, I'm purchasing the 3.5-qt. colander in the matching blue.  I hope it stands up well in the sink, like standard metal and hard-plastic ones.
3418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice!
6501	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought this planner for my wife, she says it's nicely laid out with short term projects, weekly and long term goals, tips, and is well made.
9449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First! One has to love Amazon for locating best price on items as keeps Vendors competitive.  If there is issue (Luckily only one bad issue with a product) Amazon was right there w. me to insure I was satified w. return and refund.) ..OK!  On computer 6 to 8 hours a day.  Working loans and that means numbers w. no room for error.  Do not like internal mouse.  Still use external port mouse and pad.  I can go all day.  And let's talk about the Belkin mouse I ordered.  Talk about glide and right on point, they don't come any better.  They even make a mini-mouse that works as well as norm. size.  Little trick I learned as this is gel.  I put in refrig. overnight.  Take out when ready to start work.  Surprising how long it remains cool as heat radiates from both my laptop and desktop.  Secret must be in high-quality gel.  It says to wipe down to clean but I've hand washed mine and all stayed as good as day one.  Wonder if they make a cooling fan for laptops.  Gone through 3.  Work for a few months and conk out.  Off to check.
5907	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome quality, and a nice sleek notebook. Papers are good w the water color paints and dries nicely. very  happy!
Overall, for the price you can't really go wrong. It sticks on my fridge strongly, I even keep a "menu" piece of paper behind it with my regular meals to give me ideas and it holds that fine. I just need a magnetic pen now.
Listen, Pauper's bookmarks are great.  They have great images, quotes, and are of a industry standard card stock and lamination.
5340	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a journal. :)  With an elastic band to keep it closed, and a ribbon to mark your place.
I expect to use these pots for the next 20-30 years at least.  The only downside of the tri-ply line is that there isn't a greater variety of pans/pots, and it's hard to find lids for all of them.
Doing calculations takes about half the time on the 89 because you can go back to any of your past 100-some calculations and bring that number (exactly!) into the current calculation. I've found this feature extremely helpful in physics.
4478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute border, delivered very fast in a huge box.
843	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Music is (as always) great! And since I own every Beatles' LP (vinyl), and I just ripped the remastered discs to my iTunes library, I'm giving 4-stars to what I would normally give 1-star, even though these reviews are for the item, not just the music, and the item is really flawed:
8731	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It does help with my wrist. I don't have the problems I did before with a flat one.
It is:
This Belkin is definitely superior.
3330	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The quality of the paper is a little thin and the pages were bent when I received it because of the way it was packed.  Makes for a great way to start my morning.  I loved it so much, I bought some for friends as well!
2756	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gag gift, lots of laughs
5844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits into briefcase or larger handbag...perfect size.  Have been using in one variation or another for years--the best.  Great inside expandable pocket for loose papers, business cards...  More expensive at Staples--buy it here.
2089	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really cute - gift for our granddaughter!
527	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think all teachers need these at some point.  They work  well for just about everything.
3334	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I gave this as a gift to a few people and they all loved it.  It is an easy read and leads one to believe it will be a nice introduction to helping a person build a relationship with Christ. What is does for many people is it replaces time in the Bible with the reading of this book. After a careful read my self I see that, Sarah Young, perhaps wanting a word from God that was more than the Word of God, she ended up being deceived herself. "Deceiving and being deceived: 2 Tim 3:13, and she has taken millions of Jesus Calling readers along with her. Remember I Tim 4:1 " Now the Spirit expressly says that in later times some will depart from the faith by devoting themselves to deceitful spirits and teachings of demons." The writer has made millions of dollars by steering people away from the Word of God (the Bible) and towards Jesus Calling. An example of a misrepresentation that I found on two separate pages that contradict the Bible's true Jesus Christ.  Supposedly she was told by her "Jesus" that the last words he spoke after his resurrection and before ascending into heaven were "I am with you always."  But the statement made by the true Jesus Christ on the Mount of Galilee were not His last words before ascending into heaven.  His last words were spoken from the Mount of Olives as recorded in Acts 1:7-9, 12. The 2 messages Sarah Young received from her "Jesus" contradict the words of the true Jesus Christ in the Bible. Regardless of whether the writer has been listening to a deceptive spirit (I Tim. 4:1) or to her own confused thoughts (1 Corinthians 14:33) or a combination of both, she is misguided and is in turn deceiving others (2 Tim 3:13) whether she realizes it or not.  Believers must search the Scriptures for themselves to see if the things they are being told are really true (Act 17:11) and they must test the voices they are listening to "because many false prophets are gone out into the world". 1 John 4:1).  It is not enough that a teaching makes a person feel good if it is not based upon the truth of the Bible, then it is to be avoided.  Unfortunately, believers who are not well versed in the scriptures will not be able to catch untruths and deceptions when presented to them. It is my prayer that readers be more discerning and work to recognize God's truth from man's almost truth.
5555	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased approximately 5 variations of this notebook. It's very good at what it does. I prefer the blue to the beige/tope, which looks a bit like a russet potato skin. The notebook is very well bound with high quality paper that doesn't feather when I use my fountain pens on it. The pocket in the back is nice. It's not quite big enough to store a full page of letter paper unfolded. Dot Grid allows me to use the page as needed without having to worry about being in or out of the lines.

- The gel wrist rest could be just a hair taller.  Probably just my big hands, though, so may not apply to you.
2262	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute little magnets that I use both for textbooks and fun books
6703	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Tabs worked fine but the lettering is very small. If I had know than the lettering was this small I would not have purchased. However they are serving their purpose.
8036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price for this calc.  Needed for a H.S. class and they were so expensive elsewhere.  Love it that it comes with a case!
9397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful financial calculator. Great for classes.
1271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a total journal and stationary hoarder, these just made me happy to get.
6876	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This review is for the Cross Classic Century Chrome Pen and Pencil set.
472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for the money $ 15 and it looks very nice and colorful .
This 12-book set is the perfect answer.  Altogether, the notebooks and their binder are more than double the thickness of my single 12-month notebook, but each individual volume is less than 1/4" thick.  Easily pocketed or put in a small purse.
2. TOUGH
1050	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've neen using this product for decades and find the current edition to be greartly improved.  It is more readable, the topography is better delineated, and more roads are actually named (but not all).  Well worth the price!
5327	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect size notebook for notes at work. good quality product.
3432	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received this today and it was as expected.  The cards were easy to separate.  My daughter had fun setting it up.  I do wish it came with extra cards for sports and arts.  We may end up printing our own in order to be able to add extracurricular activities.
4866	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What's there to say?  Moleskine stuff is great It's just really really nice.  It's exactly what you'd imagine it to be.  If I HAD to criticize it I'd say that I wish there pages were perforated.  Still, it's wonderful as it is.

598	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Arrived damaged
5539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite Moleskine I've ever purchased. I like the flexibility of the soft covers over the hard, and this Orchid color is a beautiful light purple, not as dark as pictured. Arrived promptly, in pristine condition.
1140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product & fast service

489	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my classroom ... so far happy with my choice
2241	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
8324	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
5500	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to start a Journal for my Granddaughter. Of course I've kept diaries in the past, such as my teenage years, but I wanted this one to be special. After doing many searches online, I found this Moleskine Journal. It has a nice, sleek but plain look, so I thought I'd try it. My reaction? I ended up buying 3 more the day after receiving the first one! It's PERFECT! I read the other customer reviews about which pens work best with the paper in this Journal, and I immediately ordered a bunch of the Pilot G-2 pens (based on another customer's review), and these pens work best (my "ordinary" pen was smudging in the Journal). The pages are nice (I think there're 250 pages per book), the ones I purchased (large) are the perfect size I want (they fit in my handbag), and the Journal itself is just wonderful...no gimmicky look, no teen-ager-y locks, just a plain, sleek-looking Journal. If you're thinking of starting a Journal, or even using this as a store list or To-Do list keeper, I'd highly recommend the Moleskine large.
3000	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What a hilarious way to apologize to someone!  Since receiving this I've found myself wanting to apologize even for imaginary faults - that's how much I want to give this to other people.  The best part is that it can be used in so many situations, from the semi-serious to the absolutely insane.

6701	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great planner, but too small. I went back and ordered the 8 1/2 x 11 inch size and have been using that very happily.
5024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Whipping out a notebook like this during a meeting garners respect. People are like oh you're taking notes in a Moleskine, things just got serious up in here. The thing is well made and the little things like back pocket and elastic band are extremely handy. This is a great tool for keeping important ideas wherever you go.
8890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Prices and Service
3072	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	WAY overpriced.  I made a photo book for my mom and picked and chose some 'what i love about mom' entries.  I found about 1/2 of the ideas in this little book to be usable, a few others inspired me to come up with my own and the rest I felt didn't comfortably apply or were too close to being repetitive.  It was very useful in inspiring a keepsake photo book that my mom loves and cherishes.
5852	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Good
Minor quibbles:

a) Paper - the pages are made of sturdy paper, and they are perforated so that you can tear a page out if you need to. The perforations are a machine-cut vision of perfection. There's no worry that the perforations are going to result in loose pages falling out (my last series of pocket notebooks were spiral bound, and the pages would constantly fall out). The only way a page comes out of this notebook, is if you actively tear it out. Even better, tearing pages out does not cause the notebook to become a mess of loose pages, since the perfect perforations leave a small tab of paper remaining in the fixed binding of the notebook.
6955	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
2977	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We got one as a gift and it's a BIG hit with our guest bathroom sttendees!  I ordered 3 more for Christmas gifts!  Great for those on your list that are hard to buy for!
5880	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	bought one for me and one for my mate and I adore these! like the little "history" story about the book too. the paper is very sweet I look 4ward to using them out in the field!
The paper is smooth and accepts ink well, and the cover is sewn on, unlike some other notebooks that are stapled. I'm not sure how much difference this makes in longevity.
3285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for my classroom schedule. I didn't use the schedule cards that came with the chart, I made my own because I didn't want the clocks on mine and I wanted more color. Great quality and easy. Very happy with it.
3447	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product for my Home School to help enrich my children's experience with interactive tools and supplies.  I highly recommend this product!
6552	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have found this very useful I just wish it was a full page size & had a monthly expense or bill section with the month page
This large notebook opens flat, the binding doesn't break, the covers are tough without being too heavy (for carrying), the elastic closure and page marker are very handy, especially the elastic.  The weight of the paper is nice and its quality is wonderful:  absolutely uniform.  The pages feel good in your hand; writing on them is smooth and even - effortless.  The size is just right, enough pages but still very compact.  (The cahiers are perfect for your pocket.)  Very tough and well-made.  Just a joy to use.  The Moleskines are a bit more expensive than cheaper options; but they are well worth it -- for anything that you intend to retain for a long time (why else write a journal?)
Edited to add:  Since I purchased this cooker I have ordered THREE more Kuhn Rikons in different sizes.
7422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 6th grader and it works perfectly for our needs.  This calculator is really easy to use and is very cost efficient.  I like the compact size, because this fits perfectly in a binder.
  * 15.7 in
8214	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this with hallmark greeting card maker and the paper is good quality. I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs half fold paper. I plan to buy some more soon.
(4) I use the excellent measurement conversions all of the time, but for negative values, the value must be placed in parentheses, which actually violates the order of operations as published in the manual...and this bit of info is only mentioned on the reference card (ugh!).
557	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It gets the job done but is thin and flimsy. Like most I've found it isn't a very good quality. I've recently found some that are teacher created pocket charts here on Amazon that even come in colors and designed cute that will eventually replace all of my pocket charts but for now this will have to do. I recommend you spend the extra $10 and purchase those to begin with but if your tight on money this one is ok. The blue part is as thin as paper. It crinkles every time you touch it. If you bump into it the cards get all messed up or worse start falling out. The clear slots are thin. I wanted this to use for sight words instead of making a word wall this year but I can only add about 4 3x5 cards before the clear part starts sagging and hanging open. It's a big pocket chart which is the reason I purchased it but if I can't use the entire thing because it will not hold more than a few cards then the size is of no benefit. So, it's just usable enough to keep from trashing it but I recommend finding a stronger, more durable pocket chart.
I like the cardboard presentation over the plastic jewel case and appreciate that it wasn't taped so tightly shut so I didn't have to rip or tear it to get it open.
4298	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought it to help some of my students.  I found it beneficial for practice and is very easy to follow. It brings specific directions to write each letter. It arrived on time and it was as described by seller in excellent condition.
9243	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
  * EPA Energy Star
2897	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love these post it notes. Not as sticky as post-it brand but I often tape them onto things so it's not an issue.
7999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described
6336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This cart is easy to assemble ad does everything it's advertised to do! LOVE. I am a crafter and this cart is used daily to hold all of my supplies. It rolls easily. I really like the color of gray as well. There wasn't a nick on it, perfect paint job. There was also a tool included to help with set-up.
I've already set up a separate wall for all the complaints I get.
788	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
6458	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am teaching 4 sections of one class for the first time in years. While you might think that fewer preps make life easier, this is not the case. Take a rotating schedule and sections that don't always end up in the same place at the same time and you have a recipe for disaster.
9026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect item. great price. fast shipping!!!
- As everyone else has said: The paper. Its wafer-thin quality means inks, markers, etc will always bleed and seep through the reverse side. This can happen with pencils too. However, this being a problem depends very much on how you plan on using the notebook. In my own case, I use this Moleskine for very rough, black-on-white pencil/rapidograph reference drafts and idea collections I later develop in digital form, so I don't care much about the paper tidiness (and its mess probably only makes sense to me anyway). I don't use colors.  However, the paper is not so thin as if you could accidentally tear it by means of strong drawing or erasing. If you are of the type who is more geared to create finished artwork straight into a notebook, you will definitely want a Moleskine with thicker paper than this one. For the use I give it to mine, it works.
8561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my granddaughter to use in math at school. It is perfect for 9th, 10th, and 11th graders. If someone picks it up by mistake, you don't have a fortune invested in it.
4604	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	kid like it
6801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
2901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace the one we filled up! Our guests always get a kick out of the book!

- Bookmark ribbon.  Easy to use, easy to move out of the way.  Hate it?  Cut it off.
6429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great value for this product.
Now concerns the 4 stars.  The only beef I have is that the durability of the covers doesn't seem as strong as the smaller versions.  My first time carrying it in my backpack, I already noticed a dent in one of the corners.  I'm not one to toss my backpack onto the floor, but considering it dented its first use leaves me slightly puzzled.  I haven't had any other problems thereafter, but the covers do seem slightly softer than the smaller versions, so we'll see how it holds up in the long run.
I find nothing wrong with this product at all and I highly recommend Moleskine.
2300	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it

2334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The perfect purse size.  Great for when you're at work & need an address or in the car & need a seldom used number.  I'm so glad I got it.  The Little Pink Notebook is a great companion.
that the books were going to people all the time and they were eventually going to show the wear and tear so it
6994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my husband for our anniversary, because he loves the century brand pens and pencils for work. The shipping was fast and the pen/ pencil came beautifully. I recommend these to any man wanting a good gift to look sharp.
495	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A teacher's day is long and there is a lot of paper coming in and going out. I picked this up out of desperation, frankly. So glad I did.
7267	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super
8285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
6440	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	They are readable, but they are incredibly small.
4404	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great and look good.
692	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this set of labels - as well as the "Forest Friends" labels for my great nieces.  They are both very cute and will be enjoyed by the girls.  These are small but I think they will appeal to young children.
4334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wife loves this calendar only one we could find with large spaces for each day.
7869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's for the kids at school. Texas Instruments always makes quality products. You can never go wrong with their products.
I don't have that problem with the name brand.
3264	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this item.  Came with insert cards.  Use in my pre-school classroom.  Would buy again.

1. made in the USA.
945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful World Map that looks great on my wall. I love that it's laminated for protection. The color scheme gives it an old-world look, but the map boundaries and data are up-to-date. The size is perfect for being able to see from across the room.
Once a week when I carry over information in my planner, I update my smartphone and what a difference it's made for me.
4301	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this set of books for the fact that it is so easy for the child to learn using the simple step-by-step instructions in these books. What impressed me the most was that my son actually looked forward to using this book. That doesn't happen very often with anything related to school. I thought it was nice that in the beginning of the book they teach them some pre-writing skills to get them adjusted to writing in cursive without it feeling too intimidating. Great series, perfect for the child who is just learning the art.

8407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite calculator
4043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hold heat smooth great quality
8813	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It takes some getting used to, but I like it.

3236	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Wish it had some dividers to organize the posters, but otherwise this has worked perfectly to keep them out of the way, but visible and protected.
8943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for the price, Eases pressure on the wrist and hand and has worn very well. I have had no problem using it day in and out for long surfing days. Zero wrist pain. Still looks new, not dirty like I expected. The gel wrist support is a bit shiny now from use, the rest of the pad looks like new.
2329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute. This book is hard cover and looks not cheap but nothing major... right in the middle of the cheesiness level. It is going to do its job which is to keep my important numbers on paper not in the computer or the phone which has become a nightmare with everything syncing with everything.
The map is bright and colorful and major cities are marked as well as lower Canada (the only part of Canada most Americans visit!) The boyfriend and I are marking places we've been and it looks great on our bulletin board. We have a new home we're trying to spruce up and the map brightens the wall up and looks so interesting with the pins. We bought an 100 set of pins and we used them all up even before we finished marking every where've been. I can't wait to get my world map to hang alongside this map. :)
To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans, including the non-techkie nerd like myself, the name Hewlett-Packard To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans. The brandname of Hewlett-Packard is synonymous with the highest quality and best range offered in handheld electronic business financial calculators before the first generation of personal computers hits the desktops of business users.
5351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using softcover Moleskine notebooks for many years.  This is my first hardcover book, and I like it.  I've also been an Evernote user for many years.  I really like this merger of the two.  Using the page camera in the mobile app is a great way to get my notes into Evernote, not to mention that you get three months of Evernote Premium for each notebook you purchase.
6952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a friend for Christmas.  She's a writer and will love this slim design.  I've combined the pen with a couple of lined journals.  The price for this pen is excellent.  Years ago, I paid much more for one like this.  The quality seems to be the same as in the past but I haven't used this one except to test its ability to write well.  It passed.
3839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love bamboo utensils, and I have not found another maker that can beat Totally Bamboo.  The surface is beautifully burnished, has a smooth, soft feel in the hand, and is a shape that makes it perfect for everyday use.  This 12" spoon seems big for its size, with a round handle that is very comfortable, and a squarish shape to the bowl.  It feels lighter than my other Totally Bamboo spoons, but not at all flimsy.
thin, it is very easy to put the tabs onto two pages without knowing it.
8196	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this greeting card stock and will purchase it again. The quality when printed rivals any brand name card on the market.
2933	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are fun but I don't care for the small print at the bottom with reinterpretations of the acronyms. When I say tmi I mean tmi and not too many idiots. I white out the bottom when I leave these for friends.
6305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There really is a reason why Moleskines are so popular. This notebook is top notch.
1605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	... potatoes for dinner.  In this reviewer's humble opinion, there is no other potato masher worth using.  The design allows for very comfortable mashing and the silicone covering makes for an easy cleanup.  The little silicone sticky-out things on the sides are fantastic for scrapping the saucepan.
What a big disappointment,  even my $12 bucks parker pen have last twice, my other cross pen are fine but this one is a no good, and i won't century II again.

The new version of this model also features 3 new keys. [rate], [Tax+], and [Tax-].
1309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ordered for a coworker's kids. He said they liked them.
3.) Feel: The pen is slim - reminicent of many rollerballs and ballpoints. However, the pen's weight feels great to me. It's reasonably light; in some positions, I'll use it in the "American style" - i.e., posting the cap on the far end. In others, I'll use it in the "European style" - holding the cap in my other hand, or placing it on a desk.
836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was real reluctant to order after reading about all the QC problems from the pressing plant. And now awaiting my 3rd copy of Rubber Soul trying to get a unwarped and unscratched example.
9932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits like it should. Prints smooth/. No complaints.
6) Hit the + key
7973	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is supposed to
7421	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!
Update 03/2010: After more than a year of heavy usage, this mousepad surface and material remain in very good shape, no pilling or discoloring.  Still Recommended.
8774	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable to use.  Saves wear and tear on my arthritic wrist.

7377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My teenager left this in his pants pocket and we didn't discover it until moving clothes to the dryer. Needless to say, it didn't hold up even in the gentle cycle. Ordered another one b/c it was inexpensive and perfect for his math needs. A few days later, the washed one actually dried out enough that it works again! We now have two. :)
4719	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very nice art journal i will have to open the back eventually and expand the journal due to the mixed media

3251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes love this
630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I adore vintage cards! These are perfect, with crisp colors and a variety of designs. I could only wish that there were more "non-romantic" cards suitable for everyone, but they are just beautiful and I found as many as I needed to send to relatives and friends--and my husband will get a bounty of cards now and in the future!
It has all of the basic functions I think a person would need in a simple calculator.
8648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pads.
9400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Reduces wrist fatigue.
plastic sleeve!
  * Printer speed
1357	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty colors that change as the ink goes down. Could not really tell that they were scented but it didn't take away from the awesome colors. Put aside those black ink pens and add some color to your paper!

The quality is very high although only time will tell if the binding holds up for an entire year.
The one thing to note, though, is that Art Journal Freedom is comprised ENTIRELY of Wakley's work. So if you are looking for a variety of examples in different styles, you may want to check out Dina's blog and see some of her pages so you know what the book is filled with.
7.  Nice intro on "how to use" in front. Some interesting quotes. Will make you want to use it...by setting good habits.
Memories of good times are our gift to ourselves.  Time may blur the memories and time may blur the pages, but it won't be any time soon.
3282	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	If it is a panda I will usually buy it and I have many uses for the larger sized notepad.
8336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cool calculator
- It has different locations to write different parts of your life



I had wondered how our eldest would do as he is 18, in college, and has "set" his ways with print...which typically happens by the 3rd grade. He is quite a ways away from 3rd. He did really well. He was diagnosed with Dysgraphia in the 10th grade (after his sister was diagnosed with Dyslexia, I opted to give his horrid handwriting a 2nd look after being told it was 'autism related'. Um, no!) and this has helped him with his Dysgraphia and now, he LIKES to write as he gets to try and  use his new skill. Second bonus!
9144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I liked it so much I bought another one.

5564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful notebook, as always. Nice and slim despite having the extra pages. Beautiful paper, great design. Only drawback is that they no longer manufacturer in Italy
2525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent classroom map. Good clarity, durable lamination, not too "busy/crowded"
9020	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I find that as I get older, my wrists and hands are hurting more and more.  Since I spend a few hours on the computer every day, it is important to me to have comfortable items to use. The Belkin WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad is everything I could possibly want.  The gel is nice and squishy and molds easily to my wrist.  It is the perfect height when I'm using the mouse.  My mouse glides easily on the pad.  I really can't imagine using any other mouse pad from now on...I'm just that pleased.  Thank you Belkin for making such a wonderful product.
6805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You can't beat a Cross pen for the price.
7704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	get one
1329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have ordered 5 sets of these pens.  My only complaint is they don't last as long as i want them to, but the colrs are rich they change beautifully they write so smooth and opage.  I have found no pens that equal these anywhere.  The sets that offer the multi color pens are terrible colors they scratch the paper and they quit working, ive had to throw them all away.
1206	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great planner option for someone with a busy lifestyle and finds themselves unable to compelete all designated tasks throughout the week.
885	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality map! Perfect for my needs.
6917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice pen, great price. I really like the black lacquer finish, it's not a slippery as the smooth metal finishes.
2299	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great buy very pleased with my purchase.
2363	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Little
4972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my morning journal. I've gone through at least 5 this year (approximately 2-3 pages per day). I write my workouts and exercise on the left page, my thoughts and days events on the right. Moleskine's are a classic for a reason. Don't skimp, just get the best. I will say that the cloth bookmark is a bit annoying and I wish it wasn't there (I cut mine off). Also the folders in the back are filled with a bunch of papers/instructions that when thrown away make the whole thing about 10% lighter.
3207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can take an exuberant kid, holds up well.
Use gentle pressure (if not just the weight of the sander) and work gently and your sandpaper will both stay attached and last longer.
6307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is to be a Christmas gift for a young 16 year old 'budding journalist,' and I found it to be just what I wanted for her. It is the perfect size for her to be able to slip into her pocket, pocketbook or backpack. She is an editor on her high school newspaper already. She is an excellent writer. And her dream is to be a journalist. I wanted to get her something that said 'I believe in you, in your gifts and talents, and in your dreams!' I think this Reporter Notebook will say just that!
1170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what they say they are. Pretty, and simple. Nice cardstock, clean printing. The only thing I would change is the logo on the back of each card.
7994	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Delivered broken and  unusable.
5924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this notebook as a daily journal...or at least, I wish it was daily. Nevertheless, it is a pleasure to write in. It lays almost flat and the paper is of good quality, even a fountain pen does not bleed exceptionally. It is not Clairfontaine quality paper, but it is certainly manageable. The binding is sturdy and has held up well, while the soft cover is a nice supple material that is pleasant to handle. The back cover pocket is very handy for storing notes or other items. The elastic band has held up well and still holds the cover shut.

1268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
6726	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These worked great thanks

6560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	has everything except someone to make me read it!

3603	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely soap dispenser. Adorns the bathroom.
1364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift, and was happily received.
4258	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Journal.  High Quality.
9654	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I had a Belkin mouse pad like this for at least 6 years, possibly longer, and it was still going strong, in perfect shape when I gave it to my aunt and got myself a new one about 4 months ago.
9581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice pad for the money.  I was especially looking for the gel wrist rest to reduce wrist strain.  This pad is a nice size for gaming and the wrist rest is great for comfort and reducing wrist strain.
8133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator for when no store had it! It's still working and has all the necessary functions a high schooler needs. I approve!
6146	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED!
This is an excellent addition for my planner.
3596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this stamp!  very versatile.  Makes great stripes or plaid in many combinations.
7726	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Quant test and it does a marvelous job. Excellent buy for the price.
Check out the rest of the list: http://boldlist.net/top-5-kitchen-knife-sets.php
6853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
6351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have 100 2 oz. craft bottles of paint on the top shelf.  I painted the tops so I can easily see the color.  The other shelves hold brushes, Gesso, a Gallon Jug of water, paper towel and so on.  It rolls easily throughout the house (floor and carpet)  I push it either one handed or with my foot (I am currently in a wheelchair I have no trouble moving the cart).  I would love to own a cart for every type of Art medium I have so I can bring my supplies to wherever I am working.  The cart is so well-made, very sturdy.  If you have one that broke call the manufacturer and get it fixed...things break.  There is a good finish on it, mine is almost a year old and still looks new.  Paint wipes off easily.  I have used magnets to hang light things (color charts) on the outsides of the baskets(shelves,bins,drawers).  The bottoms are ventilated allowing good air flow if you use this for plants.  It would be great to roll seedlings outside then bring back in during the chilly evenings.  The edges of the cart are smooth and safe, the cart is not top heavy, it will not easily tip over so it would be good around older kids.  The wheels do not lock though.  I did not buy this from Amazon.  Yes the cart IS $29.99 at IKEA however the TOTAL cost was $43.44 with shipping and tax.  That closes the price gap a bit. Delivery took 4 days.  I read some of the questions so  I tried fitting my KEURIG in the top shelf.  It fits.  I have a model that has the removable water bin on the side.  It is an older model.
4987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Moleskin Red Notebook is just the right size at 3-1/2" x 5-1/2."  The exterior elastic keeps the notebook pages secure.  The pages are a decent weight, and I like that they are lined.  The notebook fits into my purse easily, and the color makes it easy to find.  I ordered two of these Moleskin notebooks and will be ordering more in the future.  I use one for meeting notes and the other for tracking the food I consume every day.  The binding is firm and just wide enough for a small label making it easy to locate when stored.  Personally, I think this is the perfect notebook.
5718	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love moleskine notebooks but they clearly come at a price. Worth it though.
Basically, the decision should come down to price - both brands use the same weight and one feels as flimsy as the other and unless you are holding both pieces side by side, I don't think any differences would be noticed.
5428	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these journals!  I have a leather bound cover that I use almost daily.  These fit nicely and are easy to store.
9035	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There's not much to go wrong with a mousepad and this would does the job just fine. The quality seems good as is expected from Belkin. I'm happy with this purchase
The pebble gray is a handsome charcoal color. I invested in a handmade leather journal cover that fits these books so I could give my husband a beautiful Christmas present that he has been wanting for years - a leather grid journal that is refillable.

I will always use Cross writing product just based on the performance of this pencil.  They have a customer for life.
5345	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for journals....nice smooth paper

9212	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The fit and finish on this is cheesy, but it works fine. I just didn't expect it to be as low grade in appearance and difficult to clean.
9907	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good value
696	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I enjoy the philosophy behind this book, wish it had a few more symbols described but it does empower the reader to discern the symbolism of dreams even if it is not in the book, I would recommend to anyone interested in the meaning behind dreams.

561	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a good quality product. I took one star off simply because the plastic across the front tends to bend out when I put cards in it and this makes it difficult to read at times. If you are using sentence strips or something not much taller than the clear plastic it should work fine.
8844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was pleased.

8153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I make cards often and when I fold them, it just doesn't look great.  These half folded cards are excellent. They look neat and professional.  Thickness is great too.

2385	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice size and like that it is held together with band

7667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice


5893	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product

8181	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are used to TI graphing calculators but can't use them in your class, This is the one you want.  The buttons are placed almost identically, apart from the weird double arrow thing by the plus, it required almost no adjustment on my part to use it, and I can now catch anytime a button press gets skipped (which always happens on scientific calculators when I'm in the zone).
2719	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought as a gift-she loved it. Very cute notes.
1053	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Illuminating
With all these heatures and my to-do list system, the moleskine pocket notebook has become my everyday memory tool The only thing I need to remember is to write everything down.

9218	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this a couple of months ago and so far so good. I replaced my old one after a good amount of usage had worn it to shreds. This one has different contours which at first I thought was a defect but is actually designed to make your wrist even more comfortable. Fair price too.
2482	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute but they aren't durable unless you have access to a laminating machine.

7206	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
1775	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As far as a Planner goes, I would give this 5 stars. The quality of the cover and paper are nice. It is almost everything I would want in a journal. There aren't that many blank pages and nothing you can substitute for an Index page. I would buy these every single year if it were just the monthly then weekly then nothing but blank pages!
6273	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Overall it's a really nice journal, just doesn't work for what I needed it for.
1134	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These calendars are just beautiful! The pictures could be framed after using the calendar! I bought 3! One for me and 2 others for Christmas gifts and they loved them! So much information in the back about Jewish celebrations and Holy days, festivals, etc. Would definitely recommend!
3127	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work as expected.
8593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I been using thsi calculator since I was a freshman in college.  I used it for Math Modeling and Statistics.  I did good in both of those classes because of my calculator.  I am about to use it for Chemistry.  The batteries last long and the calculator can be used for any math or science class.  It was worth the money to buy it brand new.

5165	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It allmost made it to using all the pages (one side) and then it started disintigrating, and it went very quickly once it started.  Survived like 2 months total.
6431	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
6170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love mine.  Order a new one every time
7078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received product as described on time.
9106	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised with no complaints.
9010	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought many Gel Mouse Pad to test out, all good. Other brand are a bit better with better ergonomic design.
785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So cute and sturdy looking.  The covers are not hardcover, but they are made of a thick durable looking plastic.  The notebooks are lined nicely and there is a back pocked where you can keep small thing like coupons or whatever.  Maybe a couple bucks over priced.  I have seen similiar ones at Walmart for about 5.00$ but these are a little nicer.
8883	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for those who us computer ofter
8473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the 2 line - can't beat the price.
5866	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Holds up well.
7154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price, Quality paper.... ordered at 5:30 pm received by10:00am the next day
8767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pleased with the price and the quality
-Press and hold Mode button until all 4 digits blink.
454	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love maps, bought this to plan out my future travels. I'm hoping to go to Anguilla for a month's vacation, or maybe two but couldn't find it on the map,lol. So this big map is missing one location. The shipping was not the best, it had a crease right down the center of the map. It should have been put in a cardboard/PVC sleeve for safe shipping. All in all i give it 4 Stars.

Overall it looks really good, and is ideal for locations where a real candle is not practical or safe.  Between shelves, on counters below cabinets, and so on.
6622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I order one of these each year to keep track of what is going on in my Moms day to day life. She is almost 90 and I don't always recall her medical issues and other things going on in her life. Love this diary.

1533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love love love these scissors. Comfortable to hold. Sharp blade for easy cutting. Would definitely recommend.
5	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Corduroy gets a pocket....riveting stuff people.

9126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a typical mouse pad with a special place for your wrist. I use it at home and usually i found mouse pads to be annoying, but this has been a nice item for my wrist. I was expecting it to smell bad for awhile after opening it from the package, but it doesn't put off a smell at all.
3438	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am giving it only four stars because I wish it had another row of pockets instead of sharing two cards for extra days (30 and 31). I didn't realize there were cards that share dates for months that start at the tail end of the first week or I wouldn't have bought it. I am using it to start teaching months and days to my two and a half year old, so having those cards sharing dates for some months is confusing. Other than that all of the graphics are super cute and I like the quality.
1843	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this border for my classroom.  Goes great with black coordinating border.
511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We are pleased with our  purchase. It fulfilled our home organizing needs! The product seems quite durable and well made.
4974	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little books.  I use these as log books for my job.  Super slick paper so you're writing will smear if you aren't careful.  Great items.

4) Unbelievable Price - After receiving the notebook, I am shocked that they only cost $3 each, PLUS FREE TWO DAY SHIPPING! My previous notebooks have been FAR inferior in quality, and on occasion have exceeded the price of these notebooks! I simply can't believe it!
That's because it truly is a classic.  I define "classic" as something that will be listened to for an indefinite time in the future, possibly centuries.  On this day 100 years from now someone will likely be listening to this recording, either in a solar powered tower with a holographic beatles concert simulator or perhaps in a dystopian slum on an old vinyl record player that survived world war four and five.
I also take it with me as a satellite to my planner for note taking at meetings --

8607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable hand and wrist pad. Easy to keep clean, and very functional. I would definitely buy again and recommend.
2709	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great stocking stuffer!
7301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I produce about 30 professional reports every year that typically run to about 70 pages each, and then print about 10 copies of each report for my clients. That's over 20,000 pages printed annually. I want every page to be perfect and durable, and HP Bright White is the only paper that I use for my work products. The paper feeds well, reproduces my text and photos and maps in all of their glory, endures comb binding without tearing, and withstands a lot of end-use by my clients. I hope that they keep producing this valuable medium!
1. You don't end up changing batteries  all the time like you did with previouis models 2. It costs lesser than the  Palm Vx 3. Synchronization with outlook 2000 is flawless 4. The screen is  very readable in bright outdoors 5. The battery lasts and lasts (they  aren't energizer bunnies!)
9746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product.
7501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as described. It is a calculator and as far as I know, it comes up with the correct answers.

Le Creuset's porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels are cast from molten iron formed in single use sand moulds. Covering cast iron with porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean eliminating the need for seasoning and preventing rust issues. Limit cooking tools to plastic or wood to prevent damaging the enamel.
4740	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great address book. The address book print is a bit small, and the spacing between lines is just about right, there's room for many entries. The outside feels not so sturdy. One thing I've learned to write with pencil or erasable pen. Many websites are requiring a password or user name changes. All my previous organizers have become a mess. This way, you just erase and replace.
34	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quality, durability and zippers that hold. Great product ... Would recommend
4776	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great little pocket notebook.  It's very convenient, fits easily in any pocket, and it looks much more classy to take a quick note or jot down a phone number in this rather then your smartphone.  I also like how the pages can tear out easy, but not too easy so they won't fall out by accident.  I have tried out a bunch of little note pads this year, and these are my favorite.  The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish the front and back cover was just a little stiffer or more substantial.  After about a month or so with the pad in my pocket the cover's corners started to separate a little (to clarify what was separating I am talking about the moleskin cover and the thin cardboard backing that it is glued to).  This wouldn't keep me from buying it again though.  I recommend this!
8771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good size.  The gel part is stiff, but supportive.  Happy with purchase
quality since the aftertaste was too sour).Later on,I decided to order it through Amazon.
Why didn't I think of a book journal?  Why didn't I think of recording what I have read as well as what I want to read?  It simply never occurred to me.  Now I can keep a record of what I've read and if I can't remember an author's name, I can look in my journal.  D'Oh!  This is really useful!
2895	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smaller than expected but they are a lot of fun to pass out of round the office!
8859	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best mouse pad ever....
5407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Marketing ploy aside, I like the feel of this journal, and the quality of the paper.  I write mostly with a fine capless Pilot fountain pen, and the paper just lets the pen glide across it with no bleeding or splotching.  There is some see through on the opposite side of the page, but not enough to bother me.  The binding is firm enough to write on the first few left side pages without needing a desk underneath it, and it has a nice feel to it.  There are about 20 or so pages of Hobbit material to wade through until you reach the first page, but if you're nerdy like me and chose this journal over a plain one, you won't mind that at all.

I need to get it for my algebra class, my professor also has same product.
4297	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The picture of this journal really makes it look kind of unattractive and I debated quite a bit before ordering it. But I am so glad I did! It's just a beautiful journal, the words are not printed on the leather cover, they are embossed into it...this is a very high quality journal at an exceptional price. I'm ordering more of these. They do have gilt edges and a nice ribbon to keep your place. The pages are a baby yellow, very creamy color...not white or beige as you might think, and it is college ruled which is my personal preference. This is perfect for a scripture journal which is why I purchased it. : ) Lovely.
4096	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Shun Steel series is identical to the Classic series, but with a steel handle. As such, this is a fantastic knife. The Steel line is being discontinued, so they are some of the best buys on the market at cut-rate prices. Certainly the best buy from a non-specialty store.
The price for the paper quality and convenience is fair in my opinion. Ten bucks is on the low end of what I'm used to spending on various supplies and this should last me 2 months.
374	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these for my daughters room and was so impressed that I ordered 2 more for my room and the living room. This poster is very large.
8840	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great price.  I love the silicon wrist holder as I spend most of my day on a computer.  I haven't experience the pain that I normally do with a flat mouse pad.
i love molsekeine notebooks! i have bought them over and over. this one is sort of newish. it opens very flat and has the signature elastic band that holds the book shut and the cloth book mark.
Overall, just buy it already!!!!! :)
177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great book for 2 year old who loves Peppa
4542	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	used this for homeschooling and loved it! I would place my daughters assignments on the floor (light workbooks or copies of heavy books) and she would sort out the order of her school day by putting first thing at the top and last at the bottom. when all the pockets were empty, she knew she was done! It was a great system for 1st grade and it really instilled independent working on her part and gave her control of what she got to do, when. We even had cards for recess and art and computer time.
7029	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	to small and very lite weight, I was expecting something more sturdy.
9876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't say enough about Dymo, I have four of them and will probably buy another one.
8740	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for my dad, he loves it.
This particular edition has plain squares on one side of the page and lines on the other making it perfect to prepare for Powerpoint presentations.  I find it very helpful for journaling, allowing one to use sketches or pasted material beside writing.
3702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will never buy any brand other than Calphalon pots.  I have been using the same ones for over 5 years and they look as good as the day I bought them.  I use them several times a week and cook about everything and anything in them, from sauces to pastas, to pork chili verde, etc.
This book is the perfect size to fit in the console of his truck too. It is a simple journal with a hard cover and
5 - Mexican Rule of California

2326	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and small enough for your purse.
2947	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not for the faint of heart.

8382	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied

5117	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little journals. These are helping motivate me to write down ideas and plans through my day.
8194	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Avery products are superior and these cards print perfectly in my deskjet printer.  A very economical and much more personal way to send cards to friends and family.
5895	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The great quality of Moleskine and fits well in your pocket.
It could be used to store hot or cold beverages, perhaps tea or coffee but one must be aware that some care is required for the thermos to stay beautiful and elegant. I wouldn't, for example, use it as a travel bring along item because it could be easily scratched but it would be an eye catcher and possibly a conversation starter at a mass cultural or possibly sports event. Lacking its own protective bag or case, one must do whatever it takes to preserve its integrity and finish and, of course, to properly clean it on the inside if used with contents such as tea or coffee that may stain the white porcelain.
  * Upgrade rule (RAM)
Since I live in FL I've had to do some minor repairs to the house from wind damage and this gun has been perfect - nothing major that a staple couldn't handle so this came in perfectly.  And I also got done some crafting gifts that I'd wanted to try for a while, so it's versatile, as well.
7197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Let me tell you why, for an Inkjet user, this is the best paper you will buy. I've used HP printers for as long as I have had computers (25 years+), and have used HP inkjet printers for the last 12-years or so (replacing my HP Laser printers). That said, although laser printers may provide the sharpest resolution, inkjet can come damn close. What makes my inkjet printer akin to laser quality? ... the brightness and integrity of the paper. This HP paper gives sharp blacks and crisp brilliant colors that approximate photo quality.

1768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice calendar.
I really enjoyed a great number of suggestions in this book, and think that they would be valuable to *any* parent concerned about their child's development. It's full of fresh ideas for exhausted parents.
I am very glad they continue to build these as knowing I can get a replacement at any time is a comfort.  I value this calculator above all others I have ever owned.

2111	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good bookmark
8888	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
2683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They make a great gift!
3401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm hopeful these will be perfect for introducing the concept of tens and ones to preschoolersl
4321	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for our travel trailer adventures with our growing family at the beginning of summer.  I have made a point to fill it out on the last day of each of our camping trips.  Even though we've had it for only one camping season so far I LOVE looking back and remembering our trips in detail.  I can't imagine how much more fun it will be in a few years.  Great quality and nice hard cover for easy writing.  Wish there was a little more room for pictures but I love the questions inside.
4666	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Just got this today and already love it!  The only thing I would have changed would be the tags as some of them I'm not sure what to do with such as the Music Map, but otherwise I found it really nicely organized.  It has six, labeled catagories.  Artists, Lyrics, Playlists, Concerts, My Life in Music and Music Map. It also has six blank catagories and lots of blank pages at the back along with staff paper and a "music ruler", which is nice if you're a musician.  It also comes with some adhesive labels, and a nice bit of black and gray ribbon to mark your place with.  THe back pockets are handy, one of the things I really like about Moleskine journals.  The front cover is nicely done, leaving no doubt what this journal is for.  This is a great gift for music lovers/musicians of any age and any kind of music.  This makes me wish I would have had one of these about 20 years ago!
The only thing that dismayed me a little is that (I think) because of the little accordion pocket in the back, the covers tend to warp a wee bit.
5096	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderful notebooks for everyday note taking an very portable and durable.  I usually buy these in the bookstore in Fargo, ND...but buying them online is much cheaper.  Now that I've found them on Amazon....this is where I'll get them from now on.
9217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for a gift for my mother states she loves it, no problems as of yet.
5422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and quality

2.  I like the fact a bigger percentage of space goes to goals and tasks not the 8am-11pm daily calendar


2770	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the entire line of Knock Knock products!
* Dividers A to Z on pages...easy to use, in my opinion.
This iteration is as good as it predecessors. You can't go wrong with this pen. Some of the negative reviews I've read say the pen is no good. It's not the pen. It's the refills. I've had to return a few over the years because of manufacturing defects. And if you don't like it, return it. It's easy to do.

4238	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	these are really nice journals and the paper is high quality and I like high quality paper as I am a fountain pen user . thank you to the maker of these I have two now and will order more .
20	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My youngest daughter picked this out and she especially loves the pocket to keep her highlighters and pens. Very sturdy. Good buy.
This particular size does fit that Bible very well. I mean, as I put it in the other review, it fits it as snug as a bug in a rug. I couldn't have been more pleased. Just keep in mind that I don't think a soft cover will work well with any Bible cover. They get more and more flimsy as the years pass.
I hope you found this helpful - feel free to ask any questions you might have!
4208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this
Thanks.
9277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	protects my wrist - and forces me to be ergonomic!  Comfortable and does the job!
The next time I purchased HP paper, almost identical to this, weighing 24 lbs, the only difference being the brightness 96, this is 97, which is slightly better! I decided to order this paper from Amazon even though it was twice as expensive than the thin paper in Walmart. 500 sheets is a lot of paper, it will last me for years. It arrived yesterday, only 3 days from when I ordered it!
2291	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5 stars
  # Pages  64 pages (32 sheets) in each Volant planner
+ Solid notebook offers a solid writing surface at all times.
887	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very small print but I'm not disappointed. Good quality materials.
I would recommend this to other young artists.
9721	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A must have item for real estate agents and contractors. It keeps all of my measuring tools handy and more!
Also notes for creatives who like to decorate/glam up their planner, this planner is pretty small and crammed by the layout, so would not recommend if you want to use Washi tape/sticky notes/etc. this is for the minimalists.

7395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Love it.

4206	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great value. Not to mention it's beautiful. I like the Bible scriptures on the bottom of the pages.
4730	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these little books to record my daily activity, travel, exercise  and  weight since the early 2000s.  I find I prefer the ones with the square grids on them which enables me to write small.  The size is right and it has a classic "feel" to it. These books are like an old friend.  In my case, it helps me control my weight, which hasn't changed more than +- 5 lbs since mid year 2000, and I believe it helps hold me accountable for exercise, food and drink consumption, and valuable travel memories from the past.  Needless to say I have a pile of used ones around, as well as the one in current use.
4284	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful journal

4915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use this everyday!
Perfect for stirring a tall glass of iced tea.
4.  You will not be able to clean out bottles with a small opening, like small-mouth water bottles.
6706	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a good planner. I guess the objective pros and cons for me are:
8097	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bright, vivid colors to showcase your work.
6002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as always so happy with Moleskine products and love these notebooks
3183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for any age, any theme, any activity.
4903	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Terrific.  Sturdy and able to withstand being jostled around in my purse.
5474	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love these!!!!!
343	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's perfect and exactly as described. I wish I had gotten one that was laminated though--I'm using it for my kids to show what states we have been to. I was thinking of getting it laminated once it got here (to save money, I thought) but it's too wide for any school supply laminators! Ooops! But I love it! My kids love it! It's huge and we like it!
  * 2 MB 2 MB : 50 MB
670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	With the internet and unlimited amount Recipe sites one would think Recipes Books are obsolete But they're not I have a KitchenAid cookbook that I love to use. I print out internet recipes I like to prepare. And I still clip recipes out of magazines  or make copies of them.  At my job  Im on the computer 8 hours a day so at the end of the day I don't want to use a computer. The William Morris Organizer is the answer to keeping all my favorites recipes together.
8525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it. definitely recommend this.
542	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome tool to teach. Just keep the straws away from the reach of children that like to touch things when you are not looking.
4018	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't too sure at first when I received this item if I would like it or not. At first it seemed a little flimsy, and that it may not hold up. I have used it once and so far it has been fine. I still am not 100% sure how it will hold up after continuous use, or by someone who uses it daily.

3139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Definitely good for teaching Language Arts and/or for a Language Arts refresher.
6891	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	love it. should have gotten a fine point nib. otherwise, very smooth writing tool.

The construction is good, the organization is reasonable, and the whole thing's quite attractive. It'd make a dandy housewarming gift for someone in a new home, even if you can't justify its purchase for yourself.
3498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This smells so good!! Love it!! Works great for my waist length high lighted hair! My hair is thin also and it leaves my hair feeling soft, clean and hold my color very good with no buildup!! Excellent!
4889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love moleskine!
2312	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what I needed it for! I've gotten compliments on it, too. :)
669	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This William Morris design binder would make an excellent gift for a wedding shower, a house-warming party, a newly-adult child about to embark on independent living, or just for passing down family recipes.  It holds approximately 120 recipes in a loose-leaf binder with pocket dividers into which you can tuck index card-size recipes.  The binder contains pre-printed, two-sided recipe sheets for handwriting recipes, and it uses the pocketed dividers as tabs labeling the major kinds of dishes -- everything but appetizers.  The problem, of course, is that in today's high-tech society, we want to print or scan recipes, not go through the laborious process of writing them down by hand.  Because the William Morris exterior harkens back to Victorian days, it seems perfectly appropriate to hand-write everything -- it's just that the average contemporary cook is not likely to want to take the time.  I found myself printing recipes, punching holes in them, and inserting them into the binder.
7337	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my grandson.  He spends a lot of time studying it - and really enjoys it.
- There's a fairly large "border" of laminating plastic that extends beyond the actual map on all four sides. Depending on how you're using the map, it could be helpful or simply get in the way; I had to trim it off because it went beyond the measurements given & got in my way.
The screen is also a little washed out.  After cursing my new TI-30X IIS a number of times, I bought a
6930	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice

3132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well on double bar clothes hanger carts from mainstays.
2509	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice large size, sturdy laminate, easy to write and highlight on with sharpie to mark your own route of adventure
3010	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These little pads get so many laughs.  There are enough pages on each pad to last for a while and even share with a few friends, and are perfect as a lighthearted gag.
The sound quality, believe it or not, is absolutely fine. I detected no distortion, hum or disturbance.
4581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The product I received (the one pictured in the photo) is a GREAT product. The stencils are thick plastic (as opposed to the vellum/acetate ones that are made for home decor/craft projects and sold in craft stores) and the size of very large index cards.
4226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this book it is one of my favorite

1927	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great

4816	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.

7169	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good OEM toner from HP...prefer over third party...minimalize leaking...recommend to all...avoid the mess of having to clean inside of printer
9763	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Does the job would buy again. Great service from these people.
-Provided are adhesive tabs that can be used to create sections or to mark important pages.
1996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great for marking a place on a page.
1.  No pockets at either end of the book
Well done. Thank you.
4375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	they work, not real easy to put on thin bible pages
I am grateful they had these in black because it goes better with all the colors and design clipboard I put in.
3934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fit perfect and he loved it
9510	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The design is good, but it has terrible smell. It feels a little harder than I think, but after several hours usage, it becomes soft and it makes my wrist relax. Although material looks like worse than before, it's still good to buy.
5470	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love the soft cover and the dotted pages, keeps everything neat without being overwhelmed by lines.  Good size for journaling
1369	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Writes smoothly! Nice combination of color and glitter, makes your writing sparkle! Great for anyone who likes to write.
1516	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	love the different tips and paint well with water no leakage
1967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice printer paper. Its the right thickness and brightness. Also a good price.
5847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, thank you.
5485	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is the best.
261	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a one year old grandson and while I know he is to young to really appreciate this product I have to say, he loves it.  It works great on his fine motor skills and on learning which way the letters should go.  I feel it is really teaching him quickly and look forward to many many days of playing with it.
1452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my grandsons birthday.  He loved it. I'll definitely be buying more for other family members.

3571	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun print and nice quality paper. Several guests asked me where I got these as they want to order some as well.  These protected my tablecloth, even at the "kids' table," and simplified clean-up.
now i am back in the market for a new setup - they are many new models out now and i won't purchase this again just for the fact i like different features now etc, -  but for your avg. user - not getting too involved - it did and still does work -  many others today which i think will work better - look nicer -
9548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this years ago and still use it. It's a solid mouse pad. I like the hand rest feature.

-Cover sometimes needs tape to hold it together with heavy use.

1101	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed and efficient
8502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
1032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buenisimo
889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described
Also, the gel bleeds on some. Not great quality, I recommend "GEL BEE" glitter pens over these.
2022	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like these. They hold your page without falling out if you turn a book over and shake it. It's only meant for holding one or two pages, it can't handle much more than that, but I would't want it too as it would make getting it off harder. Unfortunately, I couldn't use this for what I'd bought it for. I had wanted to use it for my Bullet Journal, but they are so thick that the journal doesn't close properly. You might mark one page at a time with just one, but you can't mark multiple pages with them. I decided to just use post-it flags for that. The other problem is that they aren't marked on one side, so if you mark your line where you stopped reading, when you come back you have to guess if you stopped on the front  or the back of the page! So, I put star stickers on one side of them so I can tell what page I was on. Not terrible, but a little annoying. Overall, I like them and would buy them again. I really like the colors too!
For some people this is going to be an absolutely useless product.  But for many this will be remarkably useful.  In fact, I can envision two uses for this notebook.  First, those who are planning a trip to one of the places for which Moleskine has produced a book.  Let's say one has consulted the Blue guide, the Eyewitness Guide (by DK), a Rough Guide, the Michelin guide, and the Let's Go guide.  Maybe you've bought all of these, making for five guides.  No way do you want to drag all of these on your trip or more than one on your flight.  So what might you do?  You might take the Moleskin Notebook, record into it all the places you want to see, restaurants you want to dine at, museums you want to stroll through, and anything else you want to do while in your destination of choice, and record it there.  So the Moleskine City Notebook can serve as a distillation of all the various travel guides, web sites, and other resources you have consulted.  And instead of hauling about a large Fodor's guide, you can carry about this small Notebook that can easily fit into a backpack, purse, should bag, or even pocket.
7211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Shopped around and was able to locate this item at an affordable price and its working perfectly for a heavy volumn copier. Thanks
4200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The spiral bound journals work best for me, and I certainly have very much enjoyed using the Footprints Journal. I am sure that I will be looking for more of these in the future.
5685	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite journal. Perfect size and good quality but not too expensive.
8712	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	its a good product
Beads are plastic but do not look it
9738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good condition, sturdy and not too cheaply made
UPDATE: 1-27-13.  Product continues to perform flawlessly.
4072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thank you

Pulled the trigger on this thing and never looked back.  Book opens all the way up and lays flat.  I can write on the left and right sides no problem to really fill up and use all of the space.  Also good for spreading out ideas over 2 pages instead of one.

9924	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fit but runs out quickly. Doesnt stick to a ton of stuff.
6301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I stinking love these notebooks. They make me feel like I am running around the world working for the Daily Prophet. I have a quick eureka thought or a serious investigative breakthrough, and all I need to do is jot it down after I aggressively flip open my reporter style book.
4752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product at a good price.
Because the squares are so big I write more things and it's a walk down nostalgia lane when I look at the old calendars I've bought and see what my life was like.

8152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator. Does every function I need for double checking big calculations on the bench at work.
1600	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very well constructed strap has all the right features for attachment and removal from any SLR camera.  Nice, wide strap doesn't dig in and can be adjusted for very short to very tall photographers.
97	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome for a medium size bible
Pros:
2754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are the size of regular sticky notes.
8668	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	what you expect
9683	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Helps wrist and forearm fatige. Been using one for over three years and there is nothing better in a mouse pad.
The acid-free pages are cream-colored, with pale blue college-ruled lines. The pages are sewn together, then glued into a stiff, textured, leather-like cover. The pages are perforated about 1/4 inch from the center binding to make them easy to tear out (or not) individually.  The set includes two extra-small notebooks with different-colored covers--in this set, one cover is Antwerp Blue, one is Prussian Blue.  These notebooks are also available in other colors (e.g.,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Moleskine-Volant-Notebook-Red/dp/8862931409/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Moleskine Volant Notebook (Red)</a>).
It is a good gift for a friend that says this saying a lot.
5668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are being used for a special project.  The color is pleasant, and the quality is the same as other Moleskines currently being sold.
8478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Solar power and scientific functions, handles most things with ease and don't have to worry about batteries like with my TI-89 titanium.
5378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wow, I love this notebook. Everything about it is perfect - not too big and not too small; easy to fit in a purse. Just the right number of pages. A nice feel; looks professional. The elastic keeps it together. A back pocket allows you to store little papers. The pink is fun!
5732	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Overrated, but looks classy on my desk. Would not repurchase. It's just okay, definitely nothing to get excited about. Would prefer more organization.
I really like the solar power function...I have never had to mess with batteries in this calculator.
9178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well with wireless mouse
The items are not appealing or identifiable.
1477	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good  good price
5546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this size Moleskine. They are my favorite journals.

404	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
But I give it five stars because it is the ONLY oversized large-square calendar with  a storage pocket-- both of which are must-haves in our large family.  We have a ton of appointments and goings-on, and store sports/school/band schedules, invitations, tickets and church bulletins in that pocket so we can find them when we need them.
6349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item. My husband uses it for his hobbies and I have 2 that I use for my crafts.
4899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like all Moleskine so I can't say much.  This is perfect and loved it.  The size was good since it doesn't bother me in my bag and can carry it at all times.
1027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this poster.  Made my Sunday School lesson easier because it was in easy-to-understand language,  Have several posters like this. Will continue to buy more.

8699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. use it everyday.
3849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very nice, a great size, only thing I didn't realize is one is blank, one has grid, an one is lined. I am buying these as nature journals, and mail swaps, and I love them!

1) It just seemed insane and stupid to have to pay nearly $100 for an All-Clad lid, and that's for the LID!!  Can anyone say price inflation?

Great notebooks for a lower grade Moleskine. You won't be sorry if you are a frequent fan of this brand of notebook!
8380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product
1422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A
- Pages aren't thick enough to resist bleed-through of ink from my pen of choice: The Uni-Ball Vision Elite.
7895	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like that the screen is a little bigger than other calculators that only show one line of numbers but the buttons are kinda "soft" so you really have to make sure you're actually typing the numbers in.
5919	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First: If you experience paper turning white when erasing, you need a better eraser. I use Staedtler Mars plastic erasers and Sanford design or Prismacolor kneaded erasers. From my experience, the kneaded erasers work best.
5163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this book, it even has an inside pocket that I could carry cards in. The squares are also a good size.
3427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my classroom. I laminated all of the pieces and my kiddos love it!
3099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected and arrived on time
1. To-do list, project/goal list, delegation list integrated into each week's pages.
I like this series of notebooks because it fits in my purse, is color coded and is organized well. The top of the page has a paragraph sized lined area across the page. The remained of the sheet is divided into roughly  75%/25% with the thin column on the outer edge of the page.
4144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is about the size of my hand spread out.  It's a good size. The color is bright. Perfect for my green and purple owl themed desk at work. Fast shipping.
587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these in addition to the schedule pocket chart, and I really like them. You will need to laminate tham if you want to reuse them though.


7351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I still have - and use - my IBM Wheelwriter 1000 by Lexmark typewriter.  The generic cartridges are OK, but I prefer the quality of the IBM by Lexmark brand.
For those new to the HP-12C, the main thing that sets the HP-12C apart is it uses something called Reverse Polish Notation (RPN). RPN is a annotated way of doing math that is faster and easier (once you learn it.)
7522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT, MONEY VALUE
8237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ever have a day when you need a card and you don't have one on hand? Avery White Half-Fold Greeting Cards are nice to have to quickly and easily create a nice looking card. The paper is sturdier and nicer looking than normal printer paper.  I think at a half page size, they are a little big and the envelopes are a little cheap looking.  My huge recommendation is to always print your card on a piece of normal paper to make sure it is right before using this paper. Since I messed one up, I printed a half page size card. I like that size better, but then you need to have your own envelopes or do without. Making two per page would make the cards more economical, too. It is very easy to find pre-made designs that fit this template size. Even a beginner could make a card in minutes. I used a non-color laser printer and by choosing a black and white design, the cards look great.  Overall, I like these and if they save a trip to the store...I love them.
3979	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Just bought this.  If I hadn't already written on it, I would take it back.  This product is a huge slap in the face of every veteran and every true American.  There is a "Cinco de Mayo" sticker, but no "Veteran's Day" sticker.  There are no stickers for other holidays in other countries.  Cinco de Mayo is a holiday of great significance, in Mexico; it is merely a partying day in the U.S.A.  Shame, shame, shame on Orange Circle.  On the usefulness side, only 10 months will stuff under that plastic holder; you'll never get 15 pages under it unless you chop the older pages out.
set for a gift.
565	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for school.  Didn't hear any complaints (and believe me I would) so assume they are happy.
1044	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
8170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality paper. Used them to decorate by hand greetings using acrylics. Spray or brush some thin shellac on them and the paints stay on top of the paper, creating a nice affect.
Great product.
1649	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome bookmarks! magnetic clips on a page o keep your place- Awesome!
5097	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I carry two Field Notes in a leather cover. One is for personal notes and the other is for work only. The leather cover protects them and they last longer. Even with two in the leather cover, they are still comfortable in my back pocket. I never leave home without my little Feild Notes in my pocket.
You can change that.  This is how.
After you let it charge, you can unplug your Echo and walk around your house with it. Of course, you need to stay in range of your wifi because the Echo has no onboard storage, but as long as you do you'll be able to use the Echo's full functionality.
6347	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to put together and very sturdy.  Will use it for craft supplies.
3569	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Useful item .... again, really like all the Joie products.  Most time our wine is used up and the stopper is only used between fill-ups.  It's cute and well made.
8557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator has been around a long time, is required for many high school and college courses and because of this, there are lots of them for sale USED. I bought one for my wife's class for $30 on craigslist.
I keep the Cahiers when they are full and sometimes use them for a trip down memory lane, although I've discovered that over time certain "notes to self" become more than cryptic- "Visit dentist and paint", "Add to shoelaces", and even "Eyes for the Blind tomorrow" suggest things even Sherlock Holmes might be puzzled over.


5729	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great seller; love the product; quick ship; highly recommend product & seller. Five Stars!!!!! A+++++!
3940	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this today, and cannot wait to use it in my classroom! At first glance, it feels sturdy and appears that it will last a while. If it doesn't I will update my review! :)
3342	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good book
9139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	everyone should have one.  saves one's wrist.  can't be without it.
96	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As represented. VERY Nice, Sturdy & lots of room. HD all around.
201	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Oh Peppa Books, how do I love thee....let me count the ways!
8034	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is great basic calculator. I use it daily as a structural engineer. I've had it for five years now. It just works.
9237	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's very comfortable and prompt shipment makes me a very satisfied customer. Thank you.
4531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think that this will serve my needs to put file folders with flyers and cards in them.  I thought the material was just fine.
8033	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Effective, works well
7890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use
7868	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Your Palm V probably came with two -- one metal with plastic ends and a hidden pin to reset your palm, and one all plastic.  These are exact replacements for the metal stylus that came with your Palm.  That's about  it!
2761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Knock Knock products and I love sticky notes.  Win-win situation
4607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great kit to begin your collection of stencils.

If you can find this brand on sale don't hesitate to buy it.  If you really need something like this, you will definitely benefit from just springing for the high cost.  The protection a clipboard like this offers is well worth the money spent if you have important documents etc that could potentially be destroyed by weather, dirt, etc.
2395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice to have. Good quality
1893	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful and fun calendar!

The notebook however is fabulous for any purpose. It's nice to know that despite the blazing speed of technology and all the high tech options for communicating and capturing ideas at the end of the day nothing beats a simple pen or pencil and a blank piece of real paper.
1116	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great  product

I recently separated the pages from the binding and discovered that these hardcover Moleskine sketchbooks are VERY well made. The pages are sewn in by group and then glued in by section. The result is a binding I can imagine would last a lifetime and well beyond.
9838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
8213	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These greeting cards worked really good. I was looking for a card size more like the ones you buy in the store but these were inexpensive and you get 20 of them. Good deal. I Payed the price I would pay for one Hallmark card and got 20 of them. This is fun for the whole family both making and receiving them.
6211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good 
9667	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.
during your days. I highly recommend and continue to purchase.
5016	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	its so nice that I question if my mundane thoughts are worthy of its pages, so I save it for the good ones. Keep some cash in the back pocket for sans-wallet situations.

8307	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my daughter loves it and great price!

2121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's heavy duty and seems sturdy. I would buy more =)
I've gone through several of these now, and they hold up well. However, I think I'm moving on to a different type for two reasons:
The pen operates easily and writes very smoothly. My tight-gripping fingers feel much better around this size barrel as opposed to typical office supplied pens. Replacement inks are inexpensive enough (when compared to the cost of the pen). ;)
Anyone in charge of this HP line should always bear in mind that the continued production run of the HP 12c is a testimony of HP's quality and standard expected by its customers.
A number of people have commented on the decimal point being hard to see. Actually, I have no problem seeing it with my 60 year old's macular degeneration. It will help to have adequate light, though. One small detail is that the decimal point is positioned low in the overly ornate display window (see the photo). This results in a bit of parallax effect making the decimal point hard to see at shallow viewing angles, say 40 degrees.
8876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!

4794	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this because we were organizing a large scale project that included a huge booth at a convention in Nashville. This book was my go-to. I am addicted to Moleskines anyway due to their high quality, light weight and functionality as well as quality paper. This, however, is the first time I bought one of the Moleskine Passion Journals. I used it perhaps a bit differently than suggested, but found the lay out to be incredibly flexible. I kept order details, all details of our stay and the convention, volunteers, fundraising goals and other fundraising items, lists and lists and lists plus a few lists. (Getting the picture yet?). This journal also helped me sit down and actually create a solid budget for expenses and fundraising. I have done several of these sorts of projects, but this is the first time I actually had any and all information at my fingertips. I need at least a dozen of these and so do you!
9917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfectly white labels.  Feeding them in was an issue but only wasted a few labels.
8742	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great no more wrist pain. Thinking I should have gotten black because I can see a little dirt building up on it. Definitely recommend.

3269	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is really nice and you can use it many times! Lots of spaces for multiple activities!
6562	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Just okay.  I guess I'm just not that organized...even though I want to be....nice quality product though.
8178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like Avery paper stock of any kind. It is reliably good. I have made my own cards with various software and paper products for years and during that time, I have used many different brands of greeting card stock. All of it is not equal.
This set is perfect for my work at home record/appointment keeping, but if I were a busy executive running from location to location, meeting to meeting, I think I would prefer, an all inclusive instrument such as IPHONE schedule feature, PALM or some other electronic device to get me to my events on time.
8822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cool. Very Comfortable! !
2565	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to pin up in my studio and tack all the places my artwork has been. It's just beautiful. Very well laminated - no bubbles. The place names are easy to read. Came quickly and shipped properly.
2076	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was given to horse and book lover. Nicely presented bookmark! Inside plastic sleeve and kept well with brown string attached.
883	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is super nice and very big. My only concern is that it is quite hard to follow roads on this map. I purchased this map to aid in a future road trip, and following the roads on this map is difficult. However, it is nice that it has some topographical information on it.
3636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Job
9772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	arrow is the best i can afford
652	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was a little perturbed that the professor made us buy this as a supplement to a book that costs $170, but it's a fun toy.  I got it for $30 here on Amazon.  The campus book store sells it as high as $45.  The discount made the purchase bearable.
3620	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This pitcher is almost perfect.  One thing they could change for the better is making the tip of the pour spout stay open while you are pouring from it.  Tends to flop down and impede the liquid coming out smoothly.  Fits great on the fridge shelf.  A little hard to prop on the spines in my Maytag dishwasher, but I feel perfect size and shape is an equal trade-off.

559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what we were looking for
4559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This thing solved so many problems. I use it to put my missed work in for students in my six classes, as well as a homework log for them to reference. I haven't decided exactly how to use the last couple pockets yet, but I am glad it has so many. Sturdy, inexpensive, and exactly what I needed.
6589	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Too small.  Returned it.
2772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great way to send a note to a coworker, especially on Friday :-) Always gets a smile if not a laugh
Much better to have something available for spur of the moment pieces that is decent quality than to not have anything available because you can only use the highest quality paper.
614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This... is style.
5018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very nice pocket notebooks. They look like they will hold up. That is important.

All kidding aside, buy this calculator.
2450	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't like to dog ear journal pages and this marker matches the journal just perfect. It first perfect in the journal and the beads ang at just the right length. I love it.
4116	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It was a great price.  It's organized beautifully.  The only complaint I would have is that the font is too small.
4641	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Have it hanging on my rv wall. I use it to track all the places we've been and for planning our future trips.
6096	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality and compact.
2248	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A review on a bookmark?  Sure!
5708	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm using the journal to consolidate most of the information contained on individual pieces of paper so I can locate it easier
As others have noted, this is a radiator which heats by convection.  It's slow to warm up but this also means it is slow to cool down (30+ mins).  Because of this, once the room is up to temperature, it produces a very consistent, gentle heat.  You won't notice it cycling on/off and there aren't huge temperature swings as there are with radiant, fan-forced, and ceramic heaters.  The large thermal mass of the oil prevents that.  As the room cools, the hotter the oil gets.  As the room warms up, the oil cools down.  Simple,yet genius.  No motors, no electronics.  Just two heating elements and a bimetal thermostat.  Going on its 10th year, simplicity = reliability.

803	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	abbey road album is much better per my opinion.


9362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Helps with the Use of the Mouse and Eases the strain of the Wrist... Feeling is now relaxed instead of tight after sometime on the PC.
3750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this bread knife to use with the Norpro Bread Slicer. It is a good match. It's long enough to use with the Norpro, and it fits nicely into my knife block with my other Chicago cutlery. In fact, it's so sharp that I can cut even slices without the Norpro, but I use the Norpro anyway, to catch crumbs. Terrific combination.  Highly recommend it.
1971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	sturdy, efficient and fun!
7.  Nice intro on "how to use" in front. Some interesting quotes. Will make you want to use it...by setting good habits.
877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice photos.
4135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great little gift for a teacher who loves owls.
3189	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A retiring teacher friend gave me all of her borders. She rolled ALL of them up and stored them in large oatmeal containerS. I fought with them to get them in the slots, but once I did, I wrapped it tightly and hung it up. A few days later, I went to put more borders in there and the rolly-polly ones were not trying to escape. WHEW! I love this and it is well worth the money.
3856	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was a bit skeptical at first of glass straws, but I have come to like them now. They are a unique product by its self because of the simple fact that these are not plastic, they are glass! They are pretty thick, but this is for durability purposes. They are essentially the same glass as most glassware objects that you use to put in ovens, so although glass they are pretty strong. This product is supposedly safe for kids, but I mean really now... I wouldn't advise giving these to kids for the simple reason that they can be broken if not taken care of properly. The cleaning brush is the right size to keep them maintained and they work like a charm and look very nice. If taken care of properly these should last a very long time and if not they do have a lifetime guarantee against breakage, even if accidental; however, the buyer is responsible for all shipping charges. Overall these are some really nice quality and good looking glass straws to own which I give a perfect 5 stars out of 5 stars!
9145	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price, great pad. Enough said.
Edit: January 2014 - Yes, the Folio series was released after this review was written, providing larger format sketchbooks. HOWEVER the paper quality is NOT the same. The pages are much thinner, and the color is different. More of a light, minty color as the classic sketchbooks are a warm beige.
Overall, this is an excellent little calculator without the bells and whistles I just don't need. I highly recommend this item.
8836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pad. I love the wrist gel, it is really comfortable.
7625	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good
- Bookmark ribbon.  Easy to use, easy to move out of the way.  Hate it?  Cut it off.

3295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use to list the students' names.  Each of our classes have about 10 students, so it works perfectly.
6528	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing.  Very organized
6707	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I gave to my husband but he said it is too big.
Buy this for yourself or someone else: prepare to have fun, and work up an appetite!
1270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Added 2 gel pens & w little ribbon & gave individual books as prizes. Well received.
3104	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Cute


3380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This sticker page is more unique than the other "ocean" sticker pages that I have used in the past.  I love the sticker pages that are not in the typical "graph" style.
7966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
7942	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	When I purchased the HP designjet 111 with roll this item popped up saying that people that purchased the designjet also purchased the HP Ink cartage 10 so I purchased it, when I received the designjet it required a different INK Cartage I contacted HP and they said that the Designjet 111 will only take the 82 not the 10.  Maybe it would have taken the 10 I don't know, I didn't want to do anything to affect the warranty so I sent it back, as it turns out I feel I received wrong information from Amazon and there was no one I could contact about the confusion so it was shipped back at my expense.


3252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely adorable! Ive received many compliments from my patients. I decorated my dental hygiene room b/c it's boring to have white walls & I wanted something cheerful & cute, & this fit the bill. For the price & numerous pieces, I was able to use it for other rooms in the dental office I work at.
3538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful handcrafted art glass grape seder plate.
5115	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful product. I thought I was buying lined, this is actually grid style, but for how I'm using it I prefer the grid. I use this as my daily to do checklist. I can use the grid layout as built in checkboxes and easily see what I have left to do. It really has helped me stay organized and thereby is quite the stress manager.
5620	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect little planner to go in a bag.
9532	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good ergonomic mouse pad. I was having some issues with carpal tunnel and this pad helped alleviate a lot of those issues. Mouse pad area is smaller than the usual but I quickly got got used to it and it's great on the wrists.
4886	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As  prolific note-taker, I've tried everything from Evernote to reporter's notebooks. Nothing works as well as Moleskine. I frequently use a fountain pen, and it's hard to find paper that stands up to high quality permanent ink. Never had a problem with Moleskine product.
6588	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Nice idea but it is far too small to really write up your week and plans. I have lots of tasks but I want them to be represented on the Days I've scheduled.  This isn't really feasible here. Then there are lots of blank pages in the back that are utterly worthless.  I would have prefer that the "week" be 4 pages instead of two and instead of vertical like Franklin Covey; horizontal like Daytimer.  The goals in the front don't really work with the rest of the planner and so the "instructions", ostensibly telling you how to use this thing, are vague, it's sort of a wing and prayer i.e. get started & figure it out.  So, I am returning to Daytimer.  I write larger  even with my  Energel .38 Needlepoint Pen and after all, this, it is bulky to carry in your purse..
I like the mouse pad. It is thick and does an admirable job of giving a smooth mousing surface.

7944	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works good for my son
1306	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These pens are very similar to Sakura Jelly Rollers! One picture I will include actually shows just how similar they are, even in appearance! The scent is still in the paper I wrote on hours ago, nice sign. One of the best parts? You can use these on black! Yes, black! Included is a picture to show an example. Great deal! I will definitely be buying these again in the future as long as they do not raise the price! Much cheaper than Sakura as well!
9467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you work all day on a computer like me.. don't hold back this is very important office item. I cant believe I didn't buy it sooner!
These problems have become so frequent that I'm correcting mistakes more often than not. It has become unusable. Do not waste your money on this Made In China garbage. The faster ARM speed (especially for IRR, TMV, and bonds) is great, but if one has to keep correcting mistakes the benefit is lost. You're better off buying an older model (with three button batteries) off ebay.
Overall, for the price an excellent choice. I just wish they had been clear about replacing batteries, indeed I wish SOMEONE had mentioned it in detail. That is why I did so.
9533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These things last for years and years... The only reason I replaced my old one with this one after 5 years is because I have spilled so much coffee on it over the years that it was becoming coffee scented...
7599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works like a calculator should and I love it.
Also, when ordering Canon ink supplies, beware the manufacturer's confusing and inconsistent use of the terms "ink cartridge" and "ink tank."  It's led to my receiving the wrong item on more than one occasion.

I love that I can tuck goodies into the pocket in the back.
5733	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As advertised, great note book

7626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter almost 5 months ago and it is still in one piece! She loves the color and is the only  one with a green one in her class so there is no confusion of who it belongs to. Would definitely buy another one if something happens to this one.
There is NO support for alternate bases: Oct-Bin-Hex.
1.  It is small enough to easily fit in your glove compartment (or if you're a fisher/hiker/ etc/, this would fit easily in a backpack without taking up too much room) but big enough to easily use without having to deal with tiny tools.  In other words, it is exactly the correct size.
3486	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fairly LARGE kitchen timer. Runs off one AAA battery (included). Has a MIN, SEC and STOP button along with a tiny switch on the right hand side to turn the whole thing off. There's a rubberized magnet on the back which will barely hold this time to a metal surface -- clearly the weakest link in this product. I'd want to glue one of those rare earth magnets on the back of this thing to keep it where I put it. One nudge and gravity would take over. The beep is not offensively loud or unpleasant, but that may be due to the battery not being as fully charged as it once was.  This also arrived with a nice white lanyard like you'd get with a cell phone in case  you wanted to carry it around with you or hang it on a hook. I don't see how that would be terribly useful, but it was a thoughtful thing to include with the product.


3955	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy a new calendar every year and  this one I am so happy with. It fits on my fridge with a magnetic strip and has nice large squares to write in. Plus it comes with cute stickers.
964	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what we wanted

of the same model. I might get some more because
I haven't had a chance to do a battery run down. I started one a couple of times by putting the volume at 5 and telling having the Echo just play non-stop music. Unfortunately, I've only ever gone about 3 hours before the volume 5 music got on my spouse's nerves and I had to turn it off for a bit. I will update this when I have a chance to do a full battery rundown test.
3390	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
7416	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a small product but useful for those around the house jobs such as checkbook balancing.
9901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great labels.  They never jam or have issues with printing quality, and they are matte. They blend well with any object you place them on.

5245	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5th one

PRO:
2879	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered two more sets of these because I liked them so well.  They are made of a heavier grade of folder stock, so they are durable.
8667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this item and use it all the time to help relieve the pressure on my wrist.
8427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great for a basic school calculator.
2899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Knock Knock products! Great way to add some fun to work. Arrived on time and in new condition.
3907	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Shun Steel series is identical to the Classic series, but with a steel handle. As such, this is a fantastic knife. The Steel line is being discontinued, so they are some of the best buys on the market at cut-rate prices. Certainly the best buys from a non-specialty store.
3721	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Cover fits the wife's 11 inch notebook/pad perfectly. Does what a case is intended to do to protect and serve!
28	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A+
9635	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This mouse pad works well with my laser mouse, has a soft gel wrist support, and each I have lasts me a few years. Newer pads are slightly lighter at 4.5 oz where my several years old pad weighs in at 6.2oz, though some of the weight of the older pad could be due to oil and grime it has accumulated over the years <grin>. I have used many quality pads of the same brand over the years and never with an issue.
4971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the only notebooks that I use besides Mod Notebook. I have about four that I've finished sitting in an old cigar box. They are just the best quality and fakes cannot do justice.

4612	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Always so hard - when ordering online - to tell if something's going to be as neat as it looks/sounds when you see it in person.  As soon as they arrived,  I knew our oldest grandson was going to fall in love with them!  Each one of our three grandsons is special to us in their unique ways... our oldest has somehow combined a love of creativity and the power of an incredibly healthy and active imagination right along with a total level of comfortableness with math and science (at least as of 1st grade!)  We've always strongly connected on the creativity aspect, but I don't know where the math/science prowess came in (... had always heard one section of your brain was usually dominant over the other... overjoyed that both of his, at least for now, seem to be working in unison, since even the words "math" or "science" struck fear in my heart as a child!)
3526	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my third time purchasing this rub.  It is so tasty and well worth the price.
4784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Picked this up on a whim at the airport while waiting to catch a flight that was delayed. My husband and I had a wonderful time recalling the memories of the last few days to fill in the entry for our most recent trip. That alone made this little journal worth it, but I'm also already using it to plan an upcoming trip. Of course everything is online now, but I'm a list lover and absolutely love writing things down and being able to pick up a piece of paper to see everything at a glance without having to sort through emails or stare at my computer screen.
  * Laser
7032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for homeschoolers or preschoolers!  It's easy, it's put together, it's reasonably cheap (even better at a Goldbox price ;)), and it works well.  It is pretty small -- smaller than a piece of poster board -- which may be good or bad depending on what you want.  If I paid full price, I might be disappointed with the size.  But this is nice!
Moleskine Plain Large Notebook is wonderful as a writing journal with supplemental small drawings.
This is a high-quality writing instrument.  While digital has certainly replaced a lot of writing activities, I still carry a pen with me all the time.  I love the look, feel and reliability of a Cross pen.  I believe carrying a Cross pen conveys a favorable message about the owner.

9831	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good tape.

3480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfort place and love it

6654	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great tabs, easy to read and apply. Took 16 days to arrive, though, even though I am a Prime Member.
6412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT FOR KEEPING CERTAIN PASSAGES AND OHTER WRITTEN MATERIAL IN THE BIBLE. THE BIBLE IS VERY COMPLICATED AND THE MOST FACINATING BOOK EVER WRITTEN
9182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This works great and is very soft underneath my wrist. I am glad I purchased the belkin waverest gel mousepad rather than a traditional mousepad.
2891	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This actually comes as a booklet which is so cool. If you're list crazy like me then you can separate your lists by notepad but still have them all in one place. It's amazing because although I make electronic lists, I still feel the need to jot things down and this is perfect for a scatter brain like myself.
3365	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great sticker chart, we are using this over the summer for my son. The sheets are small but gets the job done
6323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to put together.  Thank you Ikea!  Cable management system for dummies!!!
21	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This case was just right for my daughter's Adventure Bible.  It is soft, pretty, and stylish.  She love it and loves carrying it.
3066	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These are super tiny...not worth the cost.
Being a cheaply-made Chinese product, this ugly ballpoint probably shouldn't cost any more than a couple dollars.  Thanks to this new entry in their lineup, we can see what fraction of Cross' income they expect to get just for their name.
6553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second year of using the Action Day Planner and it's, by far, the best planner that I've found. In my job I have to manage multiple projects at once. This planner provides 2 pages per week with areas designated for writing in your scheduled tasks for each day, projects to be delegated, goals / projects details, and a sidebar for a separate listing of all your tasks for the week. This planner is perfect for detail freaks, like me!
- Flowers
**Update 10/2/16 ** Not a fluke, unlike the leapfrog computer thing I got, he liked that for a couple days & just gets out once in a great while... These alphabet stickers were probably the best thing I got for him in a long time lol. Every day he grabs my hand to go over there & Go through each letter & their photos. He just absolutely loves it! & With baby #2 on the way we'll get use of these for quite some time to come!
9135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very surprised at the great feel and quality for the great price. Love this mouse pad!

8770	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We have had many of this mouse pad over the years and we always love it.
6544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you want to make, plans, set goals and get stuff done get this planner. If you want something pretty that isn't useful that you can show off get something else. This planner is great for those of us with ADD who need to write things down. The pen loop is handy and you have enough space to jot things down.
If you want a novelty sized fountain pen without the novelty ink or price then this is for you.
4471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and very attractive. I've had this border up for almost a year and it looks brand new with no fading.
The beginning of the book has tons of unnecessary information, like country codes and conversion charts. I think this is interesting, but I would rather have more blank pages in my book that this information I can pretty easily find elsewhere. Other than that, this is an item I can't live without!
Perfect size
2135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
9272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	is what is
8068	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I buy these all the time, work great, not paper feel.

2184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what I wanted

3563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I moved into a tiny home, I needed a much smaller scale for both cooking and weighing yarn. This tiny dynamo has all of the controls on the top surface - thank you! - and is accurate and easy to use. I'm delighted with this addition to my kitchen.
2028	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	gift
7141	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Palm V is one of those electronic gizmos you don't think you'll ever need, and then when you get one you can't live without it. I've been carrying mine around like a pacifier.  When someone stops me on the street  and wants to set up and appointment I used to take their number and check  my calendar back at the office.  Now I can take their number AND make the  appointment.
8179	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful card stock and envelopes - recommend
I want my $ back
For being plain vanilla paper with no color printing, quotes or art, I would think it would be cheaper.
I wanted this calculator mainly to help with my bookkeeping. And when I have time, I want to use it to brush up on my math skills, and maybe even learn more. My girlfriend told me she has always gotten the same model, and that she used it all through school. She still uses one, and I got her a new one in raspberry. I would highly recommend this calculator.
8493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used this calculator throughout college and it served me well. For all your non-graphing calculator needs this is the calculator for you. It has all the necessary functions and many more that I never used. Overall solid buy and it has lasted me well over 5 years without any issues.
7692	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well packaged and quick response. Good Product.  Thanks!
9103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable, doesn't move easily, and has helped alleviate wrist strain.  I would recommend this to anyone who has to sit at a computer desk a lot.

The half-fold is nice as it gives you plenty of room for artwork and personalized messages on the inside.  Highly recommended.
5064	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this everyday. Love them.
1107	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best product for the price, no problems and always leaves a good legible copy.
2755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious post its.
1609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a very playful Sheltie. She went through puppyhood with a mini version of "Terrible Nasty Scaries Angry Kitty".  This toy has lasted over a year and a half (we still have this unscathed toy and she still enjoys it). We are hooked. We purchased the full size Dirty Rotten Kitty because she has now grown up. My dog can play tug-of-war and not rip limbs off.  She can chew on it and it doesn't wear out.  Her teeth do not pierce into the strong canvas fabric and tear it.  I also purchased the "Postal Plaything" because my husband is a mailman and I have a warped sense of humour. These Fat Cat Toys are virtually undestructible and my furkid and I love them!
1661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Compact, cute and perfect for what I needed!
8718	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought one for my wife and myself and we both love it.  Well made!
I highly recommend this for the traveling Minnie lover!
2258	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for how I read and mark my spot.  The design allows you to mark down a line text, and they don't move.  Great price point as well.  They are marketed as doubling as refrigerator magnets or paper clips, but aren't well suited for those.  In the former case, the magnets aren't that strong, and in the latter they are designed to clip and hold to one or two sheets max.  But for their primary purpose, I can't ask for more.

3667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect and very nice looking. Fit my Mazda 6 perfectly too
4507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use it to store the many posters i have collected over the years. Handy, great, easy to use and sturdy
2098	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice saying!
7790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everything Great!  Fast and as described.
6254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always love these little books, use 'em for inspired cards as well as for when I walk & want to paint a view. Paper doesn't warp & paint dries fast.

8783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wrist does not hurt anymore while working on the computer for hours.  The support is sturdy and really comfortable.

I really wish it would allow the use of complex numbers in matrices, derivatives, and integrals... but none of the currently available non-graphing calculators do. You have to go back to the HP 42s for that kind of functionality (or get a CAS-enabled graphing calculator).
6483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has been a life organizer with work as the catalyst. The different areas allow you to separate things into areas (projects, tasks, delegation) with the week laid out in the middle with hourly time from 7am to 8 pm.
7651	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator continues to be a standard item at my desk both at home and work for over 20 years now.  This calculator works great, it's very solid and incredibly dependable.  I've bought several over the years but never due to one breaking, only so I could have another at a new desk, or for my wife to use.  My wife learned RPN using this calculator and grew to really enjoy it as I do.  The RPN notation can seem odd at first but once you understand how and why it works as it does, it's very natural and actually saves keystrokes as you use it.
2678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and sticky. I use them to leave to-do notes for my two sons. They don't think they are very funny but they amuse me!
It's hard to see in the photo, but he wrist pad features a nice depression in its center and across the width, which allows focusing the weight on the muscle pads of the hand rather than fully concentrated on the wrist...a clever and useful feature, in my view, in helping to relieve irritation of nerves in the user's carpal tunnel..  HOWEVER, the pad's upper edge is slightly convex upward, whereas finger movement is capable of pulling the mouse further down in the center position if the pad would allow it.  For that reason I've written to Belkin to suggest that the molds be changed to permit an open center arc protruding downward into the present pad.  Without it, mouse travel "up" and "down" is quite restricted and literally inadequate.
8988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Great company!

2965	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WTF notes are the perfect way to express yourself to that special person.
This is a beautiful book for some great illustrations from the natural world to color at your leisure and using your own imagination. This is a very creative and relaxing way to rid yourself of the stresses and strains of a busy day. On first inspection we felt it was too beautiful to spoil such a lovely, detailed and well-designed book. This coloring book can be appreciated by all ages to share. This book has quality written all over it, the binding is tight and firm. The quality of the paper is good, and as the guide lines suggest you only use dry drawing media such as coloring pencils. There are also supportive tips and methods on how to use coloring pencils, by layering and blending color so you can get the most out of your coloring book. This then means you should not have any bleed through of colour. Please don't be misled - by the books' size, the involved detailing will require that any half interested user will be kept absorbed for hours, as there is plenty to do. This is very much a cross-generational coloring book that should keep all ages happily occupied. Over all the Flora and Fauna theme is done rather well.
- Cleanup is a breeze- just rub a bit of barkeeper's friend (I'd like to shake the hand of whoever invented that- best thing since sliced bread).
122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The price was so reasonable, it's beautiful and it arrived quickly  I would recommend this item to all who wish to protect their Bibles or books.
4016	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great lunch bag.  It has a bottom compartment for a freezer bag.  It has an elastic holder for a can inside.  It is tough and doesn't look like it belongs in elementary school.  Fila I believe refers to a soccer association.  I didn't buy it for the logo.
3627	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rada has the best affordable cutlery around!  I've been using their knives and peelers for years, but I always bought the brushed aluminum handles.  I like these much better because I can run them through the dishwasher and they just feel better in the hand than the aluminum handles.  I also appreciate the fact that they are made in the United States.
dolver not worth anything to buy.
3241	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This holds all my posters in a convenient carrying bag - which is great for a teacher on the go!
2377	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for my mother for a pen given to her as a gift.  She says they work very well.
6714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good, practical, planner. I love the way it's designed--for maximum efficiency .  Very effective. I will continue to use.
The only thing i can complain about is the little flap in the back...Lets just say that it can definitely use some thicker/better paper material so it won't tear so easily.
2172	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality bookmark. Definitely one of my favorites.
984	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is used by my daughter who is teaching my grand daughter.  It is an excellent map.

9039	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A good pad
1484	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sharp. Easy-to-Clean. Affordable. Made in USA.
3835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The first one arrived broken, but Amazon was quick to replace it.  Bought this as a gift for my sister who loves peacocks and she said that she really likes it!
973	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this map! It's really humongous. It basically takes up the entire wall in my room, but the print is a good quality and its very visually appealing. Everyone comments on it when they visit. I recommend! Adds a rustic sophisticated feel to your living quarters.
9305	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	At first, this mouse pad was AWESOME. Then after about a week of use the part that holds your wrist up went flat and was useless. So... you get what you pay for... If you are going to use this every day I would suggest just saving a little more money and getting a more expensive one.
7107	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this HP Inkjet paper on my Epson 9900. I needed something that was lightweight but could still hold color without bleeding all over the place; this product filled these need perfectly. I use it primarily to print architectural & engineering line-drawings that require color lines. It's perfect for this because it is weight-wise similar to the 20# bond I use for B/W line drawings, but every line is crisp and clear. Its also very economical compared to some other wide-format media. I also use it for short-term 'throw-away' banners, such as "Happy 40th Birthday Bob", but it is not limited to just lettering, sometimes I put a photo on it and for the purposes of having the banner for a specific indoor event, the image looks just fine. Since this paper is not very expensive, it is perfect for one-use occasions, as you don't have to throw down a ton of money on a custom banner that you will only use for a few hours. This paper also lays very flat post-print (little to no curling).
4031	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good
3046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these everyday! They help me stay organized and help prioritize all I have to get done!
3805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I already had a 40 oz. flask, but needed one that would fit in my cup holder in my car when on the road. I love the Hydro Flask
244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product
Have a valuable book? Pick up an inexpensive edition and use the library kit to keep track of it. But keep the collectible copy as pristine as possible.
6208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	simple. plain. Exactly what I wanted. These are small, they fit anywhere, the paper is thick enough, it even is perforated if you want it. These are just perfect for notes or jotting things down when you want a small portable journal. I love love love them and will probably buy more.
9730	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I originally ordered the wrong clipboard, so I had to return it to buy this one (the correct one). It works great.  The only suggestion I can make is if it would fill out the traffic citations, too!
8723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't like using the track pad on my laptop because of arthritis in my hands, so I purchased two of these...one to keep my mouse from sliding off the arm of my chair and the other for the wrist rest. Excellent solution. Thank you!
Pros:
7732	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use this for simple computations at work, mostly adding and subtracting with some multiplying and dividing. This is a simple calculator but solid for what I need it for. I previously had a cheapo office depot calculator that worked well too but I got this one to help me get free super saver shipping with another item. There are previous reviews that mentioned this calculator only has two rubber stickers on the underside (the two are at the bottom of the calculator - under the '0' and '+' buttons respectively). I did notice that even for my simple calculations that it moves around - kind of a bummer. So I just removed the two rubber stickers on my old calculator (why only two on all these calculators is what I want to know...) and stuck them on my new one. And no more movement. No I am happy with it. It does its job.
43	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect  fit for the bible I purchased for a child.  Nice quality and has a storage spot for a pencil as well as a front pocket.
6338	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Easy to assemble. If the price was more in line with Ikea's it would be a 5 star review.
9741	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	No major complaints.  Take a file to the edges and corners, and you'll be fine.  Don't push the lock into its slot too tightly or you'll go nuts trying to open it:  Loads of fun, while customers watch you!
3173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am an elementary school teacher and I have tons of bulletin board borders! This carry case has been wonderful for me so far. I can easily see through the clear front to see what designs I have. It has also been easy to carry, since I've used it.
8964	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well and provides for easy use of my mouse.
1699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can never go wrong with a peanuts calendar! I buy this every year for my husband and he loves it! Never a repeat and he loves the little blurbs on the back.
6492	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLANNER!!!!  I would NEVER buy a different brand of planner with one minor exception.  I can not buy them years in advance.  I need to purchase them out to 2017 and cannot even find the 2015 calendars ANYWHERE!!!  The pages are think and do not rip!!!  The outside is thick and does not bend!!!
7382	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great and the size works well.
9475	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a replacement for another brand mouse pad I had worn out.  The wrist rest is essential for me as I have a weak wrist made worse by too much time on the PC.  But this pad is comfortable and has a large are for my optical mouse.
not learned how to use it yet; however
8703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect as described and good quality.
884	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for cross country trip
2437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very great little book. It is small but that is exactly what I was looking for. I would recommend!
Highly, highly recommended!



7112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good paper
1918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I always hate transferring info into a new address book, so I was surprised that this one had seemingly larger spaces to write, and enough pages, even for those relatives who seem to move once a month!  There are other Norman Rockwell pics all throughout, a nice touch.


6586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excelent, i love AMAZON!

-The book is designed to be a project planner book.  Each page has a section for a date and title.  Then there are lines for notes.  At the edge of each page is a place to create to do lists or to create bullet points from the your notes.
4252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it. It has everything I need.
233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful set for my middle school RSP students. I love that it has the common squares and common fractions. The kids still struggle with place values less than 1, so it's been a great help.
1286	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Really yummy and smells like they should. They have great pigment and I love the glitter. I bought this product twice and they lasted at least a few months. As  you can see the ink isn't too much but its worth the buy if you want to be different in your writing!
4152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun computer paper for invitations, etc.  Worked well for our party announcement, and can be used for non-holiday situations.
4468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful border for my classroom bulletin!!  Love the bold colors!
The Classic Century uses a standard ballpoint cartridge (not a smooth roller or gel), so writing with it isn't especially great either.
I use it primarily for sushi rice and if you plan to do the  same, I would recommend buying a cheap plastic strainer (with fine holes)  to rinse the rice with instead of having to do this manually.

Overall, I love these devotions but prefer the hardcover version more. I still feel this calendar would be a great gift for anyone who likes the flip calendar versions and is interested in a daily devotional. I loved "Jesus Calling" so much that I also purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jesus-Always-Embracing-Joy-in-His-Presence/dp/0718039505/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jesus Always: Embracing Joy in His Presence</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jesus-Today-Experience-Hope-Through-His-Presence/dp/1400320097/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jesus Today: Experience Hope Through His Presence</a>&nbsp;and recommend those as well!
Media Handling
serious drugs...but avers john, gorgeousity is to be found there too. getting better & fixing a hole unfortunately prove to be McCartney
5740	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this little sketchbook. Perfect to fit in my bag so I can sketch as I please, where ever I am. Tough enough to stand up to wear and tear. Not really for sharing paper, as the pages are not perforated, but that is better for me. The little ribbon bookmark started fraying rather quickly, but a little dab of glue and everything works. I will be buying this again. Paper is nice and smooth, although this is not for heavy marker use. Sharpies get through it pretty quick.
7277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Paper, yep, paper
1288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Glitter and smells good
9572	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I had to stop using this because I started having wrist pain I never had before. I haven't read about this kinds of pads but now I have and I don't think they are well thought out. Maybe for people who only use the pc for a few minutes a day.
1988	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these bookmarks but it has one small annoyance that bugs me.  The pattern that is on the front is not exactly the same on the back.  As shown in my photo the pretty shading is only present on the front.  They just opted for a solid color on the back and put copyright and company info.  While I understand the need to put this info on the product somewhere, I wish they would have at least put the same shading on the back.  I use these in a planner and I do see both sides, not just the front.  Just a minor quibble but still something to be aware of.
  * Type:Form Factor

7362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	While my primary calculator is my TI-89 (a high-level graphing calculator), there are times when the four function calculator comes in handy. When it comes to tutoring elementary students, performing a simple calculation using one of the four functions, or occasions where the TI-89's AAA batteries have died, nothing beats the TI-503SV. I've had this calculator for many years and have never had a problem with it.
8764	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Shipping was on point!!
They are nice enough to use to send as a thank you for wedding gifts, birthday gifts or to just make someone feel special.  Every staff member I have given one to have commented about the quality of this card.  Best of all, the envelopes don't have to be licked to seal (I hate that!).  They have a peel strip to seal the cards.  The set comes in a great clear acetate re-closable box to keep your cards organized in your desk drawer.
All this and a pocket in the back cover and an elastic around the book.

7854	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son for his seventh grade math class. It has worked perfectly. It arrived quickly and well packaged. It has plenty of functions for his class and has held up well during his busy day. I would definitely recommend this product and buy it again.
It is secure and will give you peace of mind.
5222	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notebooks!  They're super light and portable.  I use them to take class notes, make day-to-day to-do lists, and draw out information.
8312	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed a calculator for use in the lab, and my ti89 had died.  Importantly it has the buttons that I am used to using on the ti89, at a fraction of the cost (I never use graphing on my ti89 anyways).  This calculator is awesome, light-weight and you can scroll up and grab previously calculated results.  This works great for the chemistry lab!
7820	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected. It's a calculator.  It's not that exciting.



it did have a smell. its not packed in a box, i got it in a sealed envelope, looked funny on the stairs like that. but it trapped the scent in really well. remove the bag and the case and let it sit outside for a day or two. after that it still had a scent for a week or so when on top of it. and now there is no scent. the foam is encased in a pillow shroud, so it's really easy getting it into a pillow case (you don't have that foam sticking to things.) i gave it four stars due to the pillow case.

2043	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My wife and I absolutely love this stuff. Calendar makes a nice addition to your kitchen--great conversation piece as well!
1443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great.
7320	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good, but could be a little more accurate.
1378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These write smooth, no skipping or blotting. Strong scent that lasts on paper. I had pen pal say they could smell the ink and the letter was sent to Germany! Love all the colors especially the black. Very hard to find in glitter and scented. Definitely worth price.


Stay on securely.
1586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great  for  making  breakfasts  or  lunches  to  take  to  work.  helps  with  portion  control.  saves  money  instead  of  grabbing  take  out
1323	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	So disappointed with the way the ink does not blend
8231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very pleased  love it am happy and will order more I make and sell many cards that I make on my own and this product sure fills the bill...great texture and lovely to work with. will buy it again....carol
3730	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Many people would raise an eyebrow when they find what you have spent on a mere utility knife such as the one being reviewed here.  "Hmmm," they would say, "lots of money for so little gain."  Well that simply is not true.  You actually come out quite ahead investing in such an instrument or tool.
8681	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This mouse pad just feels cheap. There is a distinct neoprene smell that emanates from it that I don't experience with higher end mouse pads. The bottom surface is not particularly sticky and tends to slide around a bit on my desk. But the major issue is that the wrist rest makes a crunching sound when I rest my wrist on it. It doesnt sound nor feel like a gel; it sounds and feels like cheap foam. My wrist rest also came with a pre-dented center, as though it had been used for years (though it was sealed in blister-pack, so it decidedly wasn't used before.
1987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love all the space and extra info sheets.

5316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love being able to scan my notes into Evernote and using the Smart Stickers they will automatically be processed.
In 2011, Moleskine production extended to new categories with the new Writing, Travelling and Reading Collections, launched at the Milan Design Week 2011.[5] Most of the objects in these new collections are designed by Italian industrial designer Giulio Iacchetti. They include bags, computer cases, reading glasses, pens and pencils, booklights, and reading stands."
My only complaint, which is minor, is that I wish the paper was just a little bit thicker/heavier.  Other than that, I'm very happy with the overall quality and will probably order another box when this one is used up.
Will buy from you again
9766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fine
3777	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pros:
3819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome tri ply
7020	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful set that writes smoothly without retraction of the ink cartridge or the pencil lead. It fits beautifully in the hand and feels great. I started with the 10 Karat Gold Filled/Rolled set, then bought the 14 and the 18 filled and then the solid 18 Karat Gold pen and pencil set. They are just as beautiful to use and to see.
9131	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This is not a gel pad. It;'s stiff foam. It's more annoying than comforting.
Pretty hardy paper, a slight bump (tiny one) on bottom that looks like it was attached to another one.  It's tiny though, almost didn't notice it.  Owls are shiny, almost like decals, the background is more matte finish.  Background is orange with the copyright and company info on bottom 1/4.  Tassel is pretty bright orange.  One orange and one yellow bead.

1947	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love everything about Zen-Tangle. A wonderful way to relax, be creative and have fun.
My mom was thrilled with this gift since she loves all Celtic and Irish things! I had already purchased a few bookmarks from this company so I knew what to expect for the quality. For the price, it's great and I love the quality of these bookmarks! I've been happy with the ones from this company that I've purchased so far and I know my mom loves hers as well. I will continue to purchase these bookmarks when I need them for gifts and highly recommend them to anyone in need of a good bookmark. If you know someone who is Irish, or someone who loves Irish things, this would make a great gift!
5854	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great notebook
7507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator works great. A friend of mine bought the platinum edition and his is incredibly slow. I find this one to be very fast. The buttons feel good. No problems at all.


2274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was searching for some gift ideas on here for my mom's birthday and I came across this bookmark. My mom loves anything with Celtic or Irish themes and a bookmark makes a great little gift!
Also I can't tell you how many times I've gone to journal and the verse at the bottom is just PERFECT for that day and what I was writing.  I think if your a Christian and you love JESUS and you know He is your Savior then this is the perfect journal for you or someone you know. The quality and the look of it is so awesome. The paper inside is very durable.  It's a very nice Journal for sure.
Again, these pens don't smell like much, and you can only pick up the scent once you've written/drawn A LOT, like a big spiral or an essay that takes up half the page, then put your nose right to the paper and inhale deeply. Luckily I didn't buy them for the scent!
8089	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these kits great stock and easy to make templates witb the Avery Website
327	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The reason I purchased this notebook (more aptly called a notepad) was its cover. Specifically I planned to separate it from its signature and use it in a collage art journal project. If you are interested in the cover for an art project or otherwise, there are a couple things to note:
4) No spiral to get in the way or hang on stuff. The profile is flat and it slides right into a bag.
1283	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Good collection of colors, however the scent is fading on most of them. Only a few actually smell "yummy" Hahaha.
9724	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!  At half the price of similar item at Office Max.
Fast delivery,great product!!!Excellent seller!!!Thank you!!!
6136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are according to the description and they work very well. I would buy them again. They don't fall apart.
2269	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I lose bookmarks right and left, so I have switched to the magnetic page markers. These work awesome! The magnets extend the entire length of the clip on both sides. Other clips I've tried only have a small magnet on each side which results in the marker design getting damaged over time because the design extends 1/8" - 1/4" past the magnet. I have been using these for several months and they are in perfect condition, just like new.
- the brand is indicaded in very small letters, we do not see very well that it is a molekine pen,
8488	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	It broke within 11 months of purchase.  I treated it very carefully and gently.  I used it seldom, maybe once a month.  It just quit working.  Thumbs down from me.
You need these, even if you have never used them before.
4202	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these (2 of them) so I can take notes during Sunday sermons. This little note pad is phenomenal. I already have three more on order. And I've always loved the Footprints in the Sand poem.
2) Hard cover is firm enough to write on braced on my arm or my lap, but there's give to it. (It's not like a hardcover book.) It will flex as you fill it up with stuff. As happens.
2270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got these for my son. They work great and look nice...or however a guy wants their things to look. He uses these on a magnetic white board.
1449	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These small format 32 page glossy booklets pack a lot of information into each volume. They are tagged as being suitable for grades 4-6 and for readers of lexile 630 to 740. I don't know anything about lexiles, but these books strike me as being more suitable for grades 3-5. I would hope 6th graders would be nearly ready for something a bit more advanced than these simple books. They are full color with lots of interesting graphics -- photographs, maps, letters, diagrams. They don't talk down to the readers, although two of the books use more exclamation points than you normally find in history or text books. There is a glossary in each volume and suggestions for individual and group activities based on the content. As for the historical content, it's accurate if a bit simplified -- the account of the Donner Party doesn't gloss over the possibility of cannibalism. but it doesn't dwell on it, either. I suppose it's inevitable that the Junipero Serra volume would receive the most criticism and here's mine -- the author is decidedly pro-Serra while briefly acknowledging why Serra is "controversial." It would be nice if sources were cited and further reading was suggested, but these are grade school resources after all, and presumably the teacher or home schooler will be able to point students in the direction of the library for more information.
1110	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Perfect for any chemistry course. High School- College and past that. Perfect size and tons of great chemistry related information included as well. Absolutely perfect.
3637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The cow handle is not only adorable, but it is also functional by providing a sturdy means of holding the whisk.
8662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellant
5914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Knew what I was getting, especially at the price. Quality of Moleskines is always top-notch.
8969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just the right shape, size & comfort
8795	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fast Shipping!  Great Product!
8477	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
1130	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Can't make these match up with catechism I purchased.  Not all catechisms are the same. Ordered with "Cathechism of the Catholic Church" and they are screwy with that edition.  Came as recommended but don't fit the bill.
2632	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notepad! The magnet on the back holds the pad well on the door of the refrigerator. You can check things as you run out of supplies throughout the week, and then take it with you to the grocery store. Love the larger size, so everything is legible and large enough to read well. Great deal!
5637	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	For me this product really misses the mark.  The book looks like an old fashioned address book with lettered tabs.  For each letter of the alphabet, there is room to review 6 books.  So you may review only six books that start with the letter T and just as many (six) books that start with the letter X -- does that make much sense?  Each page contains an area to list the following information: title, date read, author, nationality, first edition, publisher, year, quotes, original language, awards, notes, opinion and rating.  The sections for quotes and opinion are the largest but still too small for me to really fill in as much as I would like.  There is no way to add pages in any section as this is a bound book.  The book is the size of a standard paperback novel -- so just not large enough to write anything of substance.  If this product were an application for my Blackberry or an iphone, I think I would love it.  I'd have a list with me that would remind me of authors I liked anytime I walked into a book store. I'd have more space and the option to review as many items under each letter of the alphabet as I liked and I could include books that I would like to read or received as recommendations from others.  The quality of the product for the price is fine, but I couldn't recommend it.
I contacted customer service for a replacement. Hopefully this was an isolated incident, but we will see.

994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Terrific map for the price. Looks great on the wall. We are in the travel business and need to refer to it all the time. As world events are constantly changing it is really a necessity. We chose to put it up with white thumbtacks so it hardly shows, framing was a too expensive way to go.
2246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS!!!
9511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little mouse pad/ wrist rest. It gives good support for your wrist. Keeps it from getting so tired or stressed when using your mouse for long periods of time .it's small so it doesn't take up a lot of room on your desk top. I would strongly reccemend to any one looking for a new mouse pad.
I keep a smaller gridded one in my front pocket at all times. It has all kinds of things that are important to me in it.  Wonderfully hack-proof.
1857	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was pleasantly surprised to discover that these letters were pre-cut! I despise punching letters out, and I'm annoyed with myself for not reading closely. So now, I will order more like these. What teacher has time to punch out letters? These are awesome! So glad I bought them!
9290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought a new computer, wanted a gel mouse pad for a reasonable price.  This product was exactly what I was looking for.
154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Kid loves peppa and reading, what can I say?
UPDATE:  I added a short video showing the map framed and mounted on the wall. We still have to add pins for 20 more states!
8704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted

4624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My Friend Got This...I Gave It As A "Christmas" Gift... She Has Developmental Disabilities....But She Loves To Do Art Projects With Stencils.  This Set Has Lots For Her To Choose From, Isn't Metal...So It Can't Cut Her, And .... None Of The Places Near Me Carried Stencils That Were Sized To Use More Than One, Per Page.  This Was Perfect!  She Loved It!



1414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I could look at Rick and Darryl all day any day and now I can!!!! All of the characters now hang on my fridge. There's no better show on tv
9947	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	does the job
3123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift to one of my grandchildren.  Her mother is enjoying teaching her daughter sentence building to supplement her school learning.
2662	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This thing has it all! It isn't too big so it fits great on the fridge. The magnet holds up very good on the back too. It isn't sliding or falling. There are so many options on this pad it's great! It has everything we buy at the store and more.
5714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little journal's. Prices much lower on Amazon.
6854	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Good
1442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product as described.  Excellent seller.  Would purchase from seller again.
4739	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	classic and brilliant design.
UPDATE: My first one failed after less than a year. I called HP and they sent me a new one overnight and told me I could keep the old one. Still 5 stars (more if there was a way to do it), but I thought I'd mention it. There's an iPhone app too. I use it constantly.
I ended up needing a powerful calculator again. I considered HP49G but it seems to be an exception to the high quality of HP calculators, not to mention the fact that HP's calculator division was closed.
908	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Huge map and i like the color goes nice in my living room. I think I'm going to get the pacific centered version since I'm in the pacific duh. I use scotch removable mounting putty to hang this bad boy up.
228	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You get a lot for you money with this poster package. It is from high quality paper stock and the printing is bold enough to be seen from all points in the classroom. I would recommend it to other teachers who need place value posters.
4614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves them.


5621	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I used to be a die-hard fan of the Moleskine diary, but I haven't purchased anything other than a package of cahiers since I started bullet journaling. This was my first Moleskine classic in a handful of years, and I think they must have changed something. The paper has a slight shine to it, and it takes a moment for anything other than a ballpoint pen to soak into the paper, which means you get a ton of streaks and splotchy ink marks if you aren't extremely careful. I can't imagine how bad it would be for lefties.
4744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have always carried a little spiral bound, shirt- pocket sized notebook in my purse; it's forever losing pages, or the spiral wire catches on something. I wound a small rubberband around it in an attempt to maintain it's integrity, to no avail. It looks ratty and unprofessional in mere weeks. Moleskine has been my choice for a small portable sketch book for years, so when I saw this little Reporter Notebook, I knew it would be sturdy, attractive, discreet and long lived. I love that, like all Moleskines, it has an elastic band to keep the cover closed, a gusseted pocket in the back for loose papers and ruled lines to keep my scribbling on track.
814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great album. Packaged well and love the heavier weight


6469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size and well put together
1515	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for a container like this the size of a yogurt cup.. trying to convert my husband from sugary yogurt to my homemade yogurt:). It's amazing how hard to find this size is at a reasonable price! Thanks!
This calendar was particularly useful for me because it spans summer 2011 and all of 2012 -- which just happened to coincide with laying out my symphony season schedule, which starts in September and goes through next Spring. It's the handy middle size that you can put in almost any bag and take along. I highly recommend it.
4322	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for something to entry in my travels and I found these two books and they work great for me.  this will tell my story for my grandkids later in life.

6150	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge Moleskine fan. The x-small is perfect for pocket and purse. I use it to write important phone numbers just in case I lost my cell phone. It can also be used for noting down addresses etc.

Cons:
5814	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for little notes or sketching on the go.  can't beat Moleskine for journals!
9164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	item as described
3031	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
3089	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very sweet book.
This one provides that experience. I personally find the page sizes just right for my needs. I hook my pen on the spine and so I have it all together snug.
The Moleskine Passions Book Journal is a pretty good solution to my dilemma.  It's got 154 pages with tab dividers by letters A-Z for taking notes on individual books, with another 75 pages of all purpose note space.  Each page lets you keep track of the title, author, publisher, date of publication, date read, and whatever notes you want to keep.
1710	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THE ARGYLE SWEATER 2018 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR
65	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for my son to use when carrying his Scout Book. It's mad wit through numerous camping trips - including a week at summer camp! Zipper and velcro hold up very well! Nice feel with handle and ample inside room - including a space for a pen/pencil. Only complaint was the compass - the clip broke about week two and compass was lost. Not a big deal as my son uses a better quality compass anyway but if you're buying it for the compass, I'd suggest placing it in a pocket or adding a sturdier hook.


7515	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Classic
6256	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love moleskin watercolor books. You can use both sides of the pages. The littlest one is really little and it stays in my cars glove compartment for all those unexpected I'm stuck n traffic paintings!
*I'm not a paid reviewer, though I wish I was!*

6454	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product if I would ever find where I put these I know that they would make looking things up in the bible much easier.
they write well, very smooth, smell nice and come in a very nice little case. She loves them, and so do I! I might get a set for myself as well :)
6999	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I have quite an extensive collection of Vintage Cross pens from the 1950's and 1960's.
6521	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered one of these and it shipped very quickly.  Unfortunately it was completely damaged due to the terrible cover material they use on this expensive planner.  Don't waste your time or money, this is a cheap planner which won't last the year due to the thin cardboard mateterial they use on the cover.  There are no tabs, just paper in the center.  Very dissapointed in this after all the great reviews.
6637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have boughten four packs of these and they are awesome.  They are rainbowes colored but the colors meas something...Old Testament, New Testament, Gospels, Index, etc....  These are very easy to apply, and have a placement guide.  I will be buy more as a gift.  Highly recommend!!
950	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful map
1529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Large containers. Beautiful and bright design. I have gotten lots of compliments. The only down side is that I could use a fourth canister but this only comes in a set of three. Too bad.
1212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just started using it, very helpful. I love having a much shorter list!!!!
They were very inexpensive and kinda cute as well.
6981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for myself, to have a nice pen, since I believe every person should. Particularly at this time I had anticipated to do a lot of studying, so I use this pen throughout the day, quite a lot. It is always comfortable to hold, and writes very well (I know this may have more to do with the cross ink, but to be fair the pen is supposed to steady it, so I will credit the pen too). I always keep it in my pockets when I can.

4389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I always get this brand. I love the ruler to follow & measure. Very easy to do. Just don't be in a hurry & pay attention. I barely tap on till I see it is on the correct line. If by chance you make a mistake it might be possible to gently undo. I got away with a few of those boo boos. I use a pencil & make a faint line then line up the tab clear part to the pencil line & tab line to the page edge. It helps to have your page held up clear of the book. Some of the commits had videos attached, made it easy to see how to put on the tabs.
I think this concept will increase the  need for Palm programmers and generate a new breed of Palm based  application interfaces with associated software.
3559	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect calendar for small space.
7687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calc for a great loew price. Price was lower than target or walmart. Needed it for Stats and it works great ans is easy to use for the mulitple keys requireed for stats.

4462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very colorful, attractive bulletin board border. Thank you for a high quality product at an affordable price. The vibrant colors will make my bulletin boards "pop."
4191	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this 2 year planner. The cover is very durable and it is perfect for my purse.
7011	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I loved this pen.  You notice past tense.  I have had a plethora of fine pens.  Each one of them was discovered later, missing.  No matter what I did, short of clipping them to my pocket like your old mittens, the pens disappear.  However nice this pen is, I take my leave of fine pens.  I should have done what smart Wall Street types do. They have gold Cross pens adorning their pockets and they never ever remove them.
9416	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent transaction and product
5437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wouldn't use anything else.
So often, we see Jesus as depicted with Northern European looks.  This touches my heart the way no other has.
8773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you very good pad...
5991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was exactly what I wanted. This is a great price, the lines on the paper aren't too thin, light, or dark. Just perfect. If you're in need for a good priced moleskin, then this is for you.
8339	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for college algebra class. It worked for everything I needed it for. Fairly easy to use for a beginner.
  * Font(s) included


3642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT !!!!
5056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great size.  love the soft cover.  graph paper really works for my purpose.  not too thick which would make it more bulky.  Lovely
1411	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my neice...she loved it!  It's great.
9929	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Waste, bought wrong style with same name.  My fault I guess.
3744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The smaller faces work well for Prima Doll Stamps I used Versafine ink and the face images stamp real crisp and sharp.
2358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? It's a simple bookmark but it does what it's supposed to and it does so elegantly, which is all I ask for in a book mark, that it's pretty and it's durable. The bookmark is made of nice thick cardstock, it's smooth and the gold foil on top is a nice touch. One of the best things about this book mark is the cute tassel with the bead. Makes it easy for me to find the page I am looking for. Since these are so cheap you can buy 10 of em.
2942	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Endless fun.
9981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellant
Efficient heat absorption and distribution
4173	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Exactly as describes and shipped fast.
The pad is very different from most, in that it is very soft, pliable and bendable. There are no hard edges and its more of a soft thin, nearly stretchable silicone. Its obvious it will never curl up on me. When companies say that their mouse pads are anti-bacterial, that is simply a sales plug. If you pad gets dirty, simply wash it in warm water and mild detergent. This mouse pad is light, durable and inexpensive. You don't need a Rolls Royce of a mouse pad for the simplest of jobs to get done.
8519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was using a TI-89 which is far superior, BUT, it is not allowed in the math department at my university only the TI-83 Plus, TI-83, and TI-84(including their various releases).  The calculator FEELS very basic, however, with a little knowledge you can take the calculator on through Calculus 3 as I understand, I don't believe that it can do derivitives so you'll be writing those out by hand.  I purchased "TI-83 Pluss Graphing Calculator for Dummies"  And I would say that a book of that nature really is mandatory, its no fun hunting thing down on the calculator itself or within the different tabs, say math for example you may never know that what your looking for is in one of those tabs.  The advertisement for this calculator is a little decieving it says you can transfer files to and from your calculator.  This is true but you have to purchase a special cord which is essentially a 3.5mm jack(not sure actual size) on one end that you plug into the bottom of the calculator and a USB connection on the other end.  You also have to download the software to move the files from the Texas Instruments website.  None of this really matters in my opinion because as little as two programs will fill the calculators memory, not worth it.  The graphing calculator is well made, seems a little light in the hand but overall construction is solid.  Takes 4 AAA batteries and has an auto shutof of 5 minutes.  It really is a decently powerful calculator that will get you through your math and is just powerful enough to not let you cheat.  I personally have not taken any calculus so I cant vouch for its usefullness but I was told, by many instructors that this was the calculator to buy and would be of the most benifit, for what the department allows, through Calculus 3.  To add to what I said earlier about getting a book, the calculator comes with a pamphlet on how to use it, garbage.
7492	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Likely one of the best FE approved calculators out there
2704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described and works as it should. Thanks!
5375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Handy size, and well made. A classic.
Wishful thinking but one day hopefully the 8x10 will come with the spiral binding, it's easier to write in, which is why I buy the smaller one.
So my advice is:
The construction quality is excellent.  The hard cover is very sturdy; the paper is just the right weight (and is a pleasant cream color that's easy on the eyes); it has a built-in bookmark; and there is a stretchy band of fabric that you can use to keep the book securely closed when not in use (which is great for me because I like to use my address book to store stamps, stickers, and address labels -- they would always fall out of my old address book).
Maybe I'm a little spoiled form using a smart-phone for the past 10 years, where every touch registers. This thing is like an old manual typewriter to me, and I'm looking around for a better one. Time after time I'm working on an equation and look and see that the "7", or the "negative-sign" didn't register. They sell these at my school's bookstore (for double the price as here), but I think it says something that the teachers and tutors don't use them.
4473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product will order again!
7249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	hp paper works great just like their ink!
8940	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Does the job!

We used to have (we still have them but they are on the shelves) Corelles with color designs but we decided to stick with simple plain ones which is easier to match.
3400	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	okay
I'm really happy with this wrist/mouse pad.  I spend a lot of time on the computers at home and at work.  I had a frozen right shoulder from not having good wrist support and from working with the mouse in the wrong position.  I was in screaming pain about about a year.  This mousepad helped by providing good wrist support which lowered the stress on my shoulder.  I wore out the first Belkin gel pad, and am now on my second.

135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calendar! For all the other reviewers complaining that it's flimsy...why would you buy this to use WITHOUT laminating it? It would be nearly impossible to interchange numbers and words without laminating it...any calendar would be that way. It cost me about $30 to laminate this at Kinkos. My preschooler loves it (we home school), and has fun doing the numbers and words each day. It's cute, colorful, and I love all of the pieces it came with. We use the clear back sticky velcro to interchange the pieces.
4315	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son has been tutored for the past few months using this program.  He has the horrible writing that often accompanies ADHD.  This book is $8 on the Handwriting Without Tears website and shipping is just a couple bucks.

Buttons have a rounded shape and fingers simply slide off.
4634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really like these stencils lots of different items to choose from for any activity.  Fun way to draw items and help with skills.
4638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the stencils are right, but i was expecting something bigger, i want to use them to decorate my classrom's board. any way I am using them.
Ingredients:

5944	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these for school. Love that there are a few pages in the back which are designed to be pulled out.
Whatever the reasons, your end results with  this product will look as cheap as the card stock costs.
The entire notebook is numbered for the INDEX in the back so you do not lose your work.
-Terrible useless pocket... you'll be able to squeeze 5 receipts in here at max, and it'll fling apart whenever it feels like it.
I received this product in exchange for sharing my honest opinion of the product. Opinion is entirely my own.
479	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I love this map.  it is large, colorful and as near as I can tell, accurate.
Although I have not yet been able to test the BA2+N, TI may have also incorporated some improvements and killed some bugs on the popular BA2+. It is also probable that some improvements or new functions incorporated on the September 2004 released BA2+ Professional (BA2+PRO) may also have been also incorporated into the specs of BA2+N.
266	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My little one loves this
8078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find ol old Calculator. Does just enough to satisfy my husband.
6548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a college student, a quality planner is a necessity. This one is great because it allows you to plan for a week, not every day. I'll be purchasing another one for next year!
I saw the bad reviews and decided to buy this anyway, so it's on me. I'm definitely disappointed, but it'll have to do for now.

603	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great addition to my 2nd grade classroom. I also like the price of it.
4336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second calendar from More Time Moms. They're wonderful. I love that there's a lot of room in each days square for me to keep track of schedules and appointments for myself and all of my kids.
The tabs are beautiful, and the silver edge perfect for blue toned Bibles.
Also, get four 750mAh NiMH rechargeable batteries and save yourself a lot of money in the long run.
8261	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This product would have received 5 stars had it been ever-so-slightly thicker. Nevertheless, this paper worked great in the Epson R1800 and the prints look wonderful. I will buy this paper again!
5001	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Student.  Financial analyst.  Father of a child with special needs... Let's just say that my iCal gets so full that even it, is hard to read!  This is large enough that it allows me to keep everything straight on-the-go and looks professional.  Heavy construction keeps it looking great in month 15, Moleskine never fails.
991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I put this map up in the shower so I can learn a little geography in the morning. The laminate is great and makes the whole map waterproof! I definitely recommend putting this map up in your kitchen or bathroom where you will see it everyday, if only for a few minutes.
1714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	More lighthearted and pop-cultured infused than Gary Larson's "The Far Side", "The Argyle Sweater" is one of my favorite one-panel comic strips currently published in newspapers. With THE ARGYLE SWEATER 2018 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR I can enjoy a little of "The Argyle Sweater" each day without having to have a newspaper around or search around the Internet. There are a little over 300 comics found here (Saturdays and Sundays only have one comic between the two days). Also, there's a little fun fact, piece of advice, word puzzle, soduko, etc. found on the back of each calendar day.
8753	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Well built and comfortable
621	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great
7021	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have one of the late model USA Cross pens (there is a small, local office store that still has stock going back to the mid 1990s) and one of the China-made pens. They are not different. The China-made pen is actually a bit better, with a tighter fit and a smoother twist. I am using a Swiss off-brand ink tube which, ironically is less expensive than the Chinese "real" ink tubes but writes just as well. The China-made pen still has the feel of a Cross pen as well as the design, and manufacturing is still being overseen by Cross, according to their representatives.
6460	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought this planner for my wife, she says it's nicely laid out with short term projects, weekly and long term goals, tips, and is well made.
1010	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are lovely.
499	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for organizing!!!  I started with two sets, and purchased 2 more for my husband's office.  Great hanging on the back of the den door.  Very handy, and no-one sees them.  And much better than securing them to the wall and leaving holes, etc.  Very sturdy!

There are three more function keys at the top of the buttons that read "(rate, tax+, tax-);" they are for calculating tax rates.
5921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For a decade or more I used  9X13 lined, hard cover journals. When adding a drawing, I simply drew over the lines. Because we started traveling quite a bit, I looked for a smaller journal that would also accomodate my new hobby of watercolor. I tried a couple others, but this has got to be my favorite. After a short time, I discovered I don't need the lines as much as I thought I did. Plus they are easy to pencil in and erase later if needed.  Finally, this journal won't likely be discontinued by a company that's been in business for so long.
Note: Beware of Red Chinese made versions in the stationary chain stores with the Cross name on them. They're pure junk and a terrible imitation. If Cross co. approved this, they've made a huge mistake. The original is probably the best and finest pen if it's made in America. Unfortunately, the refills seem to be coming from Red China as well so they may or may not write as well. If you can find an American made refill, you'll want it instead. Not sure if that's possible.
1399	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	as expected
72	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great scout book cover.  I get a lot of compliments and questions about this because it is much better than the standard Scout Book covers.  It's great quality and the compartments make it easy to carry more stuff (pens, notpad, flash drive, etc.)
988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made, colorful, strong laminate. I have loved maps of all kinds for a long time and I love this one......probably not an extremely helpful review but what the heck, I love maps :)

7841	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This calculator does not have as many features as newer models. This is the same one my son's school uses so we wanted to have the same model. I have trouble figuring out all the features, but have found great online tutorials to help. It is great for algebra and trig.
866	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a homeschool Mom with a 6th grade child who is on the spectrum.  I supplement with Uzinggo Science, and use this a few times a week.  It's great to be able to test what he's retaining.  So many of the options out there are expensive, and you have to pay through the nose for the teacher's edition to get the answers.
6617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The planner is ideal in every way for me.  The category spaces provide just enough room for necessary details without a lot of useless room for non-essentials bulking up the product.  I use it numerous times during the day--as a notebook as well.  Great product--I finally found a planner that suits me totally.

Overall, I recommend it and I'd buy it again.

8815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the second time that I purchased this pad. I had the first one so long that it fell apart. This is an excellent product.
Sorry teach.
The only problems I've had occurred when I tried to insert too many sheets of paper at once. It very easily handles 10 sheets of standard 20-pound paper at a time, staples and all. It quickly shreds an entire unopened envelope with a multi-page credit card ad. It makes quick work of plastic credit cards and CDs, although the brittle CDs sometimes shatter and pieces may fall on the floor. I especially like the auto-on feature -- just stick the papers in the slot and it goes, stopping when nothing's left.
7051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Honest to goodness REAL HP toner.  I've used HP Laser printers for over 20 years.  I tried a "fake" toner cartridge exactly once and let me tell you, I don't care what they say, there is a huge difference.  Non HP cartridges do not last as long or provide the quality print that HP does.  Do they cost a little more, yes, but it's worth every penny.
6120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love these journals! So easy to write in as pages lay flat in the book no matter where in the book you are! Pen just flows beautifully on this paper.
Every Moleskine product is thread bound and has a cardboard bound cover with rounded corners, and uses acid free paper. There is a a solid black, hardbound cover that the 12 colorful monthly planners fit in to for neat organization.  Each of the books has a few pages covering all 12 months for forward planning. Also each month's planner has a page per day for more detailed planning for that particular month.
9682	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	makes using the mouse very comfortable.  A necessity.
The only issue I have had is that the bookmark looks the same on both sides so sometimes I couldn't tell or remember which side of the page I had marked. I solved this by clipping off the tip on one side. Not only does this make it easy to instantly see which side of the page is marked, but it also makes it easier to open the bookmark with one hand.
9315	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very relaxing
2569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good value for the price. My wife is British, and we are in the travel business. Now she knows where Alabama is! We have clients from all over the US and the rest of the world. It comes in handy when you are looking for the nearest port for a cruise. Feel free to call us about the map or travel anytime.
1581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First of all, Gingher makes fine scissors.  Second, the double curve of the handles makes it easy to snip threads without risking cutting your fabric at the same time, especially when your project is in a hoop or frame.  I much prefer these scissors to straight ones.  Also, the finger holes are a little larger than usual, which is a help for me now that my knuckles are getting larger from arthritis.
9160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
2058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pantone makes many different versions and you need to be careful that you buy the correct one you need. If another party mentions he likes a color in his book, which is different to yours, you can go to the pantone website and cross reference it with your book, to see the same color.
  * 7.9 in
I'll buy it again when this one is full.
3.  Good price for the number of bookmarks in the box.  I have a lot of books that I read at the same time and wanted a bunch of bookmarks.
8030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought the TI-89 I currently use a little over a decade ago and the TI-89 wasn't new then.  Needless to say, the technology used in this calculator is a bit dated, but the utility is undeniable.  Even today, with tools like MatLab available, I find myself relying on it to solve systems of equations and simple integrals and differentials.  The scripting language used to write programs on this calculator is relatively easy to learn, that also gives you a huge amount of functionality.  The unit handling in this calculator allows you to put the units inline with your calculations and the calculator solves with them, allowing you to convert units and to do automatic unit analysis.  This allows you to avoid a lot of simple but common mistakes.  The calculator functionality doesn't end there, I know a lot of people who have used the calculator often and still don't know many of the most powerful tools the calculator provides.
8559	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a good calculator, does what it is supposed to, great color, easy to take on the road when I travel.
- Plenty of pages, due to the thinness of the paper of course.
6864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've always loved Cross pens and pencils since high school and this classic model is luxurious. I ordered these as a replacement since someone "borrowed" mine at the office when I was a lunch one day. I plan on ordering the matching roller ball pen and extra refills (ink and lead) and erasers. Smooth writing, nicely balanced in  your hand and ideal for us lefties since the pen writes in many positions. I love my cCross set and they are engraveable Comes in a nice presentation case as well.
6284	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THE SHORT STORY
4578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item!  Great transaction!
4806	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love the quality of this notebook.  Durable cover with perforated pages.
The other gripe I have is that the paper isn't as weighty & bleedproof as I'd like, and the hanging holes (there are two) regularly tear through and must be reinforced/repaired with tape.
4933	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskin already has a great reputation, I don't need to add to it here. However, this size notebook is perfect for keeping with you. It fits in my pocket and takes up no room in my purse.
2056	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Quality of the paper used is disappointing. Doesn't seem like it will last very long as a color reference for a print shop.

3356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic journal. Very well made & beautiful!
8965	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good!
4485	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a school teacher and I have tons of bulletin board supplies; I usually use the bulletin board cardboard box storage containers, but decided to use this bag instead this year. So far, it has been working great and it is easier to transport than the bulky box. I put large command hooks inside my storage closet and hang the bags from them, which has saved me floor space.

9711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I work in the AG industry. I keep track of trucking tags, workers time cards and any more things. This is a great upgrade from the plastic one I was using that I ran over with a tractor. The edges are not sharp at all but rounded off so you don't have to worry about cutting yourself like other reviews stated. It's very sturdy and light weight as well. Zero cons when it comes to this item
6233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	While Moleskine brand notebooks are expensive, they are fantastic quality. I take mine with me everywhere I go, keeping track of my talking points during meetings.
Great bookmarks just the same!
8200	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	AS I HAVE ALREADY MENTIONED ABOUT THE OTHER CARD STOCK WHICH I BOUGHT, THIS IS ALSO A GOOD PAPER FOR ANY CARDS YOU CREATE. THE PRE-FOLD IS A NICE TOUCH.
9550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I own several Belkin products that I'm very happy with.  I already have this mouse pad in silver, but it is going on 10 years old.  I recently bought a new computer and decided to treat myself to a new mouse pad.  This blue color is a nice royal blue.  I am VERY happy with my new mouse pad!  Would definitely buy more Belkin products in the future.
6505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calendar does it all!  It's the best calendar I've ever had.  I've searched for years for the right calendar that organizes, has tasks and what needs to be done, delegated work for follow up, and appointments for the week.  THIS CALENDAR DOES IT ALL!!!!!!  Nothing else comes close.  I've spent so much money on the other "name" brand organizers...Covey, DayRunner, DayTimer, and NONE compare to the practicality, functionality, and awesome layout of the Action Day Planner.  You will LOVE it.
3684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super Cute! Well packaged so they were't scratched too!
-None
2531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought to help decide where to move to.  This with some dry erase markers helped us figure out where we could NOT live (for whatever reason), where we'd PREFER not to live, where our family members are...I suppose it might be educational, too.
There are three types of pens I've used with my journal.  A gel pen, ball-point and a fountain pen.  All work well.  I have had others tell me that fountain pens tend to bleed through the paper, but I've not experienced this.
1338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the pens are great, and I can faintly smell a little aroma when used on paper....but can't really tell the difference between scents.
3325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.
2233	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my daughter loves this!
2920	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notes.  They are such fun to pass on to people.  Great quality paper and fast shipping from seller.  Would order again.

Stars: 5/5
9065	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't last long
601	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	So much better than the blue pocket charts!!
8591	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this Palm V Hotsync Cradle as a replacement to my old one that had been stolen...The cradle itself works great. It is easy to install and required no extra software if you already the Hotsync software installed. A good product.
-Good solid glass and seems consistently, solidly made
8299	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is really cute, the front as well as the pictures inside. I never thought I'd buy another  one but I live in an area that has power and internet outages yet the phone still works. That's the time I catch up on phone calls and need those numbers :)
8505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this gem helped me to pass a math course. I hate math. so it is worthy of a good review. also it was the most affordable calculator I could find.
This was also one of the first commercially available low-priced calculators that had two-line display and backspace to correct or edit data entry.  The dual-power and scrolling display features were also once unusual.  The top line (for data entry) shows up to 11 characters; you can scroll backwards or forwards up to 88! The bottom line (shows results) displays up to a 10-digit answer along with a 2-digit exponent.
The positives - this map is correct, it's large (we tacked them up in the hallway to the kids' rooms) and it's very colorful, which is good for 6 year olds.
And now, the main problem: it doesn't exactly TOAST all that well, you know? It seems timid. Good for people (like my kids!) who don't like toast with much color on it. This thing has a defrost setting and a "re-toast" setting, maybe for people who want their toast a bit darker... you send toast through a second time for a little boost.
4450	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved these crowns.

4568	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this organizer can have many uses.  Seems sturdy enough but i've only just received it.  I plan to use it for subject/daily assignment organization in our homeschool.
697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The PEANUTS 2011 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR features a Peanuts comic strip for each day of the week of the year, except Saturdays and Sundays are featured on one page. This is disappointing for those who have been buying the Peanuts day-to-day calendars for years because it means no more full-page Sunday comics. I have either purchased or received as gifts several different 2011 day-to-day calendars and all of them have this format: Saturdays and Sundays are combined into one day. It's not something that just LLC Andrews McMeel Publishing has done but is something that is occurring throughout the industry. Of the four 2011 day-to-day calendars I have, published by three different publishers, they all have Saturday & Sundays combined into one day. Anyway, besides the Peanuts comic strip, the PEANUTS 2011 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR also features a little piece of trivia, riddle, or joke on the back of each page.  There's also a small illustration of either Linus, Sally, Snoopy, Charlie Brown, Lucy, or Peppermint Patty in the bottom-left-hand corner of the calendar. Even with the comic strip, illustration, and the date there's more than enough space to right appointments, reminders, or notes.
5491	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like the soft cover. Currently using it as a journal. I definitely prefer dotted to squared or lined or blank, so I'm pleased with the very light grey dotted pages. I wish there were page numbers, and I agree the quality of Moleskine paper has declined since I last bought a Moleskin about 3+ years ago. I really like the pocket in the back, too. Overall, if page numbers don't become a huge issue, and I end up not minding the decreased paper quality, I might repurchase, once this journal is filled. However, I've had better paper quality experience with the last Muji journal I bought, so I might try to find a Muji replacement for this journal when filled. Moleskine's a decent fallback option, though!
6362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is fantastic especially for art supplies. But I think a hair stylist could use it, or almost anyone who has lots of little things that need to be in one place.
2. they look realy nice.
6021	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've loved Moleskines Cahiers for years now due to them being able to withstand being in my back-right pocket everyday.  They get roughed up a lot, but they take the punishment well.  They are also slim enough that they are never even noticed until I need one. They definitely come with a relatively steeper price than the cahiers you can buy at a discount store, but none of the others that I have tried last me for over a month, and Moleskines last me for several months. The benefit of not having to transfer important info from one pad to the other as often makes the difference in price very negligible. I've also heard great things about the Field Notes of similar size and price, but I've never felt the need to try something different, and I'm somewhat doubtful that the Field Notes' staples will hold up as well as the Moleskines' stitches.

8090	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute but not elegant cards can be created. I was hoping for a bit more sophisticated array of designs.
1) Doesn't Respond Perfectly to Fountain Pens - I use fountain pens, and unfortunately, the paper of these notebooks take a little longer to soak up and dry the ink from my pens. Not a huge downside to their use, but worth noting none-the-less.
7612	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Deeeeeecent.
2693	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These made my coworkers laugh, and sometimes you need a little laughter (it is, after all, the best medicine... unless you can get real medicine, in which THAT is the best medicine).
7813	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This cartridge is a bit expensive, but cheaper than most black cartridges produced by other printer companies. The black quality is good, and it lasts for a fair number of pages.
I want o another cross with a fine a nib.
3547	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	colors even brighter than picture/ counter cheerful/ well made
6184	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best notebook ever
3310	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you love Jesus and I do how can you not love these
2883	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these sticky notes.  Perfect for my Planner!  Just exactly what I was looking for, and this order comes with 4 packs which is great!  The size is perfect for my Classic and Compact Franklin Covey binders!  Nice and colorful too!
7282	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
5336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First time Moleskine user.  Yes I know that these cost more than regular Moleskines.  But they work really well, I use Evernote premium edition, so the credits have meaning to me.  Stickers I have not used so far.  But I expect to be a long time user of these.
CONS
9626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very easy to use. and it's convenient. it meets almost all of my needs for financial calculation. just wonder how long will the battery last.
8757	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good mouse pad and rest helps.

9267	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buy it! I never realized how much pain using my mouse was causing me till I starting using this mouse pad. There was the expected wrist strain but I thought the pain I was having in my arm was from something else. Once I started using this pad, both annoyances went away.
3367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are cute, I purchased them for our homeschool as a reward system. They give you a lot of charts and a lot of stickers. Nice colors and worth the price!
2292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite prayers.

9588	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I started feeling some wrist pain recently, and decided to order a gel mouse pad for use at work. I researched many options on Amazon and decided to go with this Belkin one. I have a Dell optical mouse, and it works perfectly with it. The size is pretty small, but it is ideal for me since I don't have a huge desk. The gel portion is comfortable also.
9871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality great price


5962	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Well worth the price!  they are well made; not expensive and not too bulky.  Perfect for anyone looking for a personal or business use journal.
1706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My must purchase every new year.....Sueellen Ross's coming
9470	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Much better than the wave wrist pad. The wrist pad is falling apart but this is still great and both are same age and have same use. I really like this ever since I bought it I have gotten rid of this hard spot on my wrist from the table. If you use a mouse then you should you this too. Best money spent ever.
* not metal

2095	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Was bent when it arrived. Had a crease in it.
Inexpensive, multiple themes and designs, unisex--I keep them around for need-a-gift-quickly occasion--everyone has loved them!
1737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been through several planners in my 7 years of homeschooling.  Most are overpriced and have more than I need.  Don't get me wrong - I like inspirational quotes, bible verses, menu planners, grocery lists, book lists, touching anecdotes, address books and kitchen sinks; however, I don't need them in my planners.  I just need, well, a *planner*.  I had given up and made my own this year out of a three-ring binder and my own printed sheets; however, it was a lot of work and it takes up a lot of space.  I found these, liked what I saw, and ordered two.  (One for each of my older kids.  The toddler doesn't need one yet.)  The price is right and there's enough room to write a bit about each day's lessons.  Period.  If you're a minimalist and/or pragmatist, this is the planner for you.  :-)

7081	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good price, received very quickly
5548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little books for lists and reminders. They are small but they are exactly as the measurements say.
2263	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	You have to be careful with these, but they do what they're supposed to do.  Best part is they're cute!
2654	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It was bigger than expected. Takes up a lot of space on the fridge.

5255	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice journal and I look forward to writing in it.
7915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works like a charm!!
4772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use it as my idea book. great product
anyway, it does feel cooler than my other pillows. it's hard to rate since i'm surrounded by warm memory foam anyway. sleeping wise, i find it's a bit easier to sleep on as i have more support than my standard pillow shaped pillow (the edges taper to a point, these are rounded). however i also find my neck can hurt if my shoulders are on the pillow sleeping on my side. as long as i fall asleep with my shoulder against the edge of the pillow i'm fine usually. i no longer have neck pain when i wake up. and it's so long that i don't roll off the edge like i was doing with the old one - so queen is a good idea, though bulky and hard to travel with.
8675	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good price and delivery. toner works perfect.
5265	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good! I like it!
2281	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This bookmark is well made and has great inspirational text.  These types of bookmarks are great to use and last for years.
For people who struggle with organization, this will be super useful for you. For people who are super type-A, this will be super useful to you. It works for everyone.

6245	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great basic Moleskine notebooks. Cover is definitely cardboard so not as durable but I make covers for these and I love how thin these journals are.
I'm 29yrs old. I grew up with traditional calculators. Now I can barely bring myself to use one, it just doesn't make sense to put those extra steps in.
(not overpowering)even in the espresso brew. The only thing I find to be heavily inconsistent
4798	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Attractive and useful notebook that fits in your pocket. Lines are wide enough to write on and hold enough info. Sturdy and useful tool.
2250	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite bookmark.

Not much else to say about this cartridge.  Oh HP still packs them with a pre-paid UPS label to send back your empty.  Eco friendly -- way to go HP! :)
If you're in middle school (grade 7-8) you might as well get a TI-89 for Christmas and start familiarizing yourself with the features. Slap in some assembly level games and amaze your friends (well not really, you youngins now have Gameboy Advance and all that fancy jazz but Tetris on a TI-86 amazed quite a few folks back in the day). The TI-89 will serve you well even after you get a 4 year engineering degree!! Unless your instructor(s) don't allow the use of a calculator because they want you to do everything with a pencil and paper like they did in the 1700s.
3524	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good idea
6166	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This little "pocket" squared book is great. I love the softbound cover, the elastic closure, the little secret pocket inside, where you can keep a couple photos or something else of interest. The cloth bookmark is also quite helpful for keeping my place. The binding is stitched well and it stays open and flat with ease. The only thing I would like is to see the Whitelines brand with something like this. The paper in this book is yellowish with dramatic, dark lines. The quality is good, but I would love to have something like this with the slightly gray paper and white lines around the squares. That would be incredible. This is still a great book though and I would highly recommend it. :)
By the way, I  am also using the Franklin/Covey software for personal management and find  this is a nice increment over the built-in daily task list of the Palm.
3319	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This fall I started attending a mom's group at a local church and one day, they were giving away "Jesus Calling" by Sarah Young. I didn't get one that day but I wanted it anyway and ordered it. I actually ended up buying this calendar version instead of the book by accident but decided to keep it since I already had it.
2907	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When its time to stop taking yourself too seriously.
The mouse pad section is a good size and the mouse does not drag at all.
I've yet to meet a Moleskin I've been disappointed in.
2030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Worked like a charm.

8903	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I use my computer a LOT, sometimes 12-18 hours a day when busy with graphics work. I started getting sore between by thumb and wrist, where my hand rested on my desk, so I tried this pad. It worked GREAT at first -- but then the 'gel' pad (I think it is actually foam) started to flatten out and get hard. Now it's not any better than the desk. Good product, but it doesn't last!
2533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!

Colors as pictured.

7780	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my sister and i have been using this for the past four years. it works and has taken us through challenging regents.

6934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a number of brands of higher end pens that I received as gifts.  This Cross Classic Century, Classic Black has held up the best, so that I what I buy now.  No engraving on Amazon, but the price is right.
9697	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm a programmer, and about a year or so ago my wrists started to hurt.  I started doing more wrist exercises and bought one of these wristpads for both work and home - and the pain went away.  This is exactly what the doctor ordered, and I've seen great results - highly recommended!
No instructions on battery replacement (at least in this one's manual) and it is very inexpensively made (hey, they need to make a profit after all!)
That said, the ribbon in this journal is even pink (rose) and I couldn't be more tickled. Finally! A full-sized Moleskine journal in my favorite shade of pink! Just about perfect!
9447	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I started using the mouse pads with the wrist rest a couple of years ago.  Since that time I have had no issues with cramping in the wrist area, especially when I spend a lot of time online (especially with repetitive game moves).
4762	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Being a nursing student, I am in frequent need of jotting down random notes during classes and clinical. I jot down vital signs, the room number I need to attend to, an important fact my professor states during a skill demonstration, or even just for doodling. Ever since I found out this little gem two years ago, I've been using these ever since. I've had a two black ones and a red one, and all of them trustworthy. My favorite inky pilot G2 pen rarely bleeds through the page and is only faintly visible on the other side, but it does not impair your reading at all. It does not smudge as long as you let the ink dry for a few seconds. The back pocket in the moleskin is very handy for little cheat sheets (not for tests, mind you, but for skills during clinical) and even fits 3x5 notecards.
2268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These bookmarks are awesome. They attach very easily and you can bookmark your page for when you come back later.
7640	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Middle schoolers both love them.
5519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful color
- Farm Animals
However, I wouldn't hesitate to get this calculator for any scientific need, unless you're required to use something else.
6495	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am good with it.
5211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Even though the quality has gone down over the years, this is still my favorite notebook.
4220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thought it would be a little bigger as we put this on a podium for worshipers to enter in names that will be mentions in Prayers for the people during worship.

2555	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Once again, National Geographic did not disappointment me.  This map is so cool!  I love the detail and coloring.  I really like the fact that NG did not make the ocean and seas blue.  Definitely Executive Style!

7697	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works good, buy it. What can yuo say. best price etc...
9844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and price!

6529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excelente Seller! Product as described and fast shipment.
I have a short-term memory loss.  I purchased another Moleskine in a different color  to keep in my purse and jot down notes of people I meet, so it is easier to recognize them on the next encounter.  Also, my notes make me appear very interested in the person by remembering (through reading my notes) what we discussed on our previous encounter.
Not as big a fan of tangling in the round but this gave me pointers to make me like it much more.
4675	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've wanted a decent wine journal for some time, and was excited when I saw this one.  The execution fell a little short though.  The book is black, hardcover, with an embossed wine bottle and glasses, it's pretty cool looking.  There is an elastic bookmark that helps keep the book closed, that was handy.  The layout is where my biggest problems are.  There are a  couple of note pages at the beginning, a glossary, some pre-defined tabs are next, they are: sparkling, White, Rose, Red, Fortified-Sweet, and Spirits.  There were 6 tabs for you to define yourself after that.  The pages are all numbered and there is a spot for an index in the back which I liked quite a bit.  The notes sections in the pre-defined sections didn't seem quite practical, each page will hold information for one wine.  Information about the suggested glass, ideal pairing, and where/when/with who didn't seem to add much value.  I would have liked a more open format like the undefined tabs have.  Those tabs are broken into 5 blank sections, so you could run on with some reviews and be terse with others.
3035	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute idea!
9168	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This works great but has a toxic smell. I had to put it outside for the better part of a week until the toxic smell went away.

4. Included are 4 pages of stickers for marking up your notes. These can be used to help with tagging your notes.
5169	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What else can be said for the Moleskine Products. They are a very good quality products. The red color for this Ruled Notebook is nice......
5742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, package securely, I will definitely be back for more!
Super glad they sell individual yellow now - I'm pretty well using that exclusively (occasional green).
8217	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was not disappointed with the Avery cards. This batch is of heavy quality, doesn't bend, not flimsy. Prints well, colors are perfect, will buy again.
2864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave to a subordinate at work. Seems to help with keeping up with daily tasks.
What better way to learn Yiddish while being both entertained and enlightened.
was okay. I look forward to getting more.
Sometimes the teachers don't let you use it
893	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice map. I'm not sure why people are saying it is laminated- the paper is nice and sturdy, but it is not laminated at least in the traditional sense. The map itself is a nice 4x6 foot sized, and the text is crisp and sharp. Lots of cities and towns are listed. I used foam core (also from amazon, needed 6 20x30 boards) to back the map, now I am able to insert push pins into the map detailing everywhere I've visited. Good map, recommended.
854	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It seems after decades, 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' would be the all-time chart topper for best rock album of all time.  While The Beatles innovated music with every effort they created, 'Sgt. Pepper' should be viewed as their most creative and ground-breaking album.  However, as great as it is, it isn't, subjectively, their best.
4796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great journals! High quality feel great in your hand!

4797	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent service and product
8167	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Personal greeting cards are the way to go. Xmas cards look great.
2280	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Made a great gift for my Irish relative!
9188	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great mouse pad. it is comfy.
5066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a long-time Moleskine user and I just love the hardcovers. I buy these for travel journals and they can withstand lots of travel abuse due to the sturdy cover and rubber band. The paper is high quality and thick; I use a sketching pen to write and draw and the ink does not bleed through at all.
3470	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work great, well worth the money.
  Having been a newspaper reporter for 45 years I love it when I find a reliable product that starts out plain and simple and can be adapted for a variety of uses.
708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was saddened to hear of the death of this wonderful artist, Linda Nelson Stocks. Ms Stocks passed away a little over a year ago at the age of 72, and the final page of the 2013 calendar pays tribute to her. I am sure that her estate will keep on producing more calendars and planners, such as this lovely 2013 edition. As usual, each month has an appropriate country or village scene depicting activities from the 19th century. The village scene on the front of the calender is for the month of December, and shows Ms Stocks usual attention to detail. People are shopping, riding in sleighs down snowy streets and up hill sides, the homes and stores are inviting, and a lovely Christmas tree sits in the village square. It is the idealized rural village that continues to have a grasp on the imagination of so many of us, especially when you from time to time find yourself longing for a slower pace of life, even on just a temporary basis. The calendar can bring that to you! I have purchased Ms Nelson's calendars for years, and am never disappointed. I always look forward to her illustration for the month of October, as I believe she must have gotten a lot of enjoyment out of Halloween celebrations, as her picture for that month is always amusing. R.I.P, Linda Nelson Stocks.
646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great

4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)
I got my copy off of EBAY, but it is worth the full price.
9058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	On time shipment, excellent product.

Hey, I needed an answering machine and I got one at a great price (from Amazon) and I have very satisfied with it.
9333	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pad is not cheap, picture doesn't do it justice.  The material feels nice and sleek.
5288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, it's a moleskine product.  As an engineer, I tend to stay with the squared ones.  Perfect for notes, meetings, designs, diary, etc.  Better yet, research and you'll likely find a moleskine product for your use:  smaller, larger, ruled, call outs, blank for art portfolios, and much more.  Ive been using these since the 90's.  Never throw them out;  a nice option to reflect on years past and see what you've done over the years.  Virtually indestructible.  One personal dislike is that I don't lie the soft back option.  Some do.  Never travel w/o one.

2908	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVEEEE these
461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The map was exactly what we were looking for in a world map.  We bought it as a Christmas gift for our 20 year old son who requested it for his dorm apartment.  He said that many times discussions came up with his room mates and friends about where a country is located in the world.  The only chuckle my wife and I had when it arrived was the box it was shipped in.  You could have put a small bicycle in it.  We thought a mailing tube would have been more efficient.
6138	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Paper is very thin but other than that, is pleasant.  Expensive compared to other options, too, some of which are maybe as good.
5394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love my Moleskine yearly planner - I use it to do a gratitude journal.  The pages hold up well with mixed media and take the abuses of daily art getting thrown all over it!  A great product!!!!!


3723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a stirrer for delicate borosilicate glass french presses and teapots. The spoon is 13" long, but the bowl is only 1-1/2" in diameter.  It reaches to the bottom of 34oz beakers easily with no worries about breaking the glass.
1439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice summary information. I use this as a refresher as part of my CFA curriculum.
9471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have carpal tunnel and needed a mousepad to give me some relief. I use my mouse constantly (i am a student) and my forearm & wrist do not bother me much anymore.
8318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter needed a new calculator for school.  It is really cute and handy.  She likes it a lot which is good.
2130	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful
5401	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The size is perfect.  The binding is solid.  The paper is a good weight, and holds ink well.  The strap and bookmark are nice extras.  I like it.
9546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product as described.  Excellent seller.  Would purchase from seller again.

In other words no. This put a really damper on my project since I now had to custom create an A9 envelope (non-standard size) to complete the stationary set.
6286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the top-binding of this book.  The elastic holds it nicely in place and I have it handy for quick notes.
2301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have many bookmarkers.  New book needs new bookmarker.

great product, great price
6615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best little planner on earth.  Plenty of side area to make lists, bottom half great for organizing & planning your day.  Plenty of room for daily appointment scheduling.  I love the thickness of the pages.  I like to use my fine tipped sharpie & it doesn't bleed through.  The elastic band is an added feature to mark your page.  I love the pen holder too.  I like the smaller size but it does come in bigger size if you prefer that size.
5583	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Waited so long for this on another site, so glad I could get it here! It was exactly what I was looking for, and needed.
9121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gel wrist pad. Works well with square wireless mouse for Allpe computers.
9354	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed. Old pad finally gave out. Great wrist comfort.
8401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I realized halfway through my statistics course that my life would be so much easier with this calculator.  I didn't want to pay $100, though, since I only have 1 1/2 months left of the term.  I found a used on for half the price on Amazon, and it works just fine.  It has made my homework SOOOO much easier, worth every penny.  In case you are intimidated by using a graphing calculator - as I was - it is a lot simpler than I thought.  It helps that I have a program that explains how to use it.
538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, but all of the straws don't fit in the pocket at once.
6922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easily qualifies as one of the most beautiful fountain pens in my collection , as well as one of the best writers . Everyone who sees it with he pure gold accents and nib immediately remark on what a beautiful writing instrument it is . Especially with is surprisingly svelte profile , uncommon to fountain pens . Since I got this pen I now find reasons to write things by hand just for the pleasure of using it . It would be a plus ,however it it came supplied with a converter to draw ink . Although the performance using Cross cartridges is entirely flawless. A sensational personal writer or superb economically priced graduation gift . If you are a fountain pen aficionado this instrument is a must have acquisition !
1194	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love the leather.  Love the cotton pages.  It was just a little smaller than I expected.  I have made a few handmade books in my time, and this really seems to be handmade, which adds to its likability though I'm a little afraid of the folios coming loose with how this was bound.
5715	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Accidentally purchased these instead of the "Extra large" variety that I use for note-taking in class, but I figured I would try them out. I use them for daily To-Do lists as well as jotting down other quick pieces of info. A little pricey for the size of the notebooks. Just be aware that these are tiny. I know the dimensions are listed but I was a fool and assumed "Large" meant bigger than this. Check the dimensions! They actually are quite small. Otherwise, great notebooks. Nice cover and paper, and a convenient little pocket in the back. No complaints are far as the notebooks themselves. I'm sure they're perfect if this is the size you are looking for.
Try it, the test alone is worth the money. It's a moleskine afterall...
550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had a different place value chart for many years, but it was flimsy.  I am happy I purchased this chart as it is a great resource and sturdy.

3647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fun fish plaque , well made , not to heavy , earth tone coloring . i replaced the twine rope with a small link gold tone chain . 5 stars .
2213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5 stars

I have tried using other little notebooks before, but for the price and quality, Moleskin is definitely the best choice.
8105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product. bought it for my son in high school. works great.
The pencil writes a nice, consistently thin line. A simple, clockwise twist extracts the lead in sensible increments. A small eraser is hidden under the cap for erasing little mistakes; not recommended for big blunders or for anyone prone to erasing holes through paper.
2537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this so my son could learn all 50 states slowly by heart and every time he walks by them he likes to show off all the states he knows!!!

Have researched this in many places and can't find it available
3. Because you are priced so reasonably, I can purchase you for other toddlers as well
I can't think of anything negative to say about these books.

1095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this from Barnes and Noble. It lasted about a month and now the option where you count up minutes won't reset anymore. The other option still resets so the buttons for resetting still work. Very disappointing. It has only been used once a day and has not been dropped or damaged to stop working like that. I was expecting this to last us much more than one month.
882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really Nice
7939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator, I've owned it before but misplaced it. If you have a choice between this one or the other TI that is gray and doesnt have a solar panel, get this one. It doesn't run on batteries and is very reliable.
5989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
7396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have bought these for years. My wife has MS and is unsteady with her hands. The large size of the rubber buttons really  helps her a lot.
4580	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I teach 1st grade.  The previous teacher left some nameplate behind.  I decided to save money and use them. They were not self-sticking.  After about one term, I got so tired of taping and re-taping the nameplates that I decided to spend the money and buy the kind that I like.  I really like these nameplates. I like that they are self-sticking.  I like the number line and the 100 chart.  My students refer to these all the time.  I love that they stay on their desks without any upkeep.  At the end of the year, I spray some Goo-Gone on these and they come right off. It was definitely worth the money.
7871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator, perfect for school & exams! Love the color & its functions. !

9372	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality!!
2442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as gift for someone who is not comfortable with PDA electronics.  They were very happy to have the old fashioned way of keeping addresses.
3040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Funny

There are a few small details worth mentioning. First, the back cover is a pain to remove. It slides off (downward), but at the same time there is a "catch" at the bottom that must be lifted a bit. It's a clumsy design and should have been done better.
3195	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This has all of the pieces I was looking for.  It's not very sturdy so will definitely need to get it laminated.
5242	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I cannot live without these. The squared pages help me keep track of bullet points and structure for taking notes, and the notebook is just the right size for a project.

8826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best mouse pad for the money. The  mouse pad has an ergonomic built in wrist rest which is super imperative to a web developer like me that is on the computer almost every day. On top of that I have had it for 2 years now and have rolled it up and traveled with it and it has held up very well. Thinking of buying another one to permanently leave at the office and one at home. Really an awesome product for the price.
3505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Although I am not a professional chef I do take my cooking seriously.  Over the years I have invested in quality German and Japanese knives, French copper pans and, of course, Le Creuset cookware.  As though these enameled cast iron pans are not as versatile as some of my copperware they are none the less indispensable.
To remove these from the sheet, I recommend separating along the perforation on the 1/3 mark, makes for an easier handling while doing this.

386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the size for our homeschool classroom
Note: I received a free sample for the purposes of review.
7284	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For the past 5 years I have been buying this toner cartridge and I have never had a problem with it.  I get every bit of 5,000 copies per cartridge.  I will continue to buy this toner cartridge.
5244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great Moleskine product
1055	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	reading a lot about Alaska, fiction and nonfiction, lot of history; map book very useful
2236	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A review on a bookmark?  Sure!


5782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little notebook to keep in a purse, car, kitchen, etc. We have gadgets galore for listmaking and reminders (smart phones, tablets, Amazone Echo Dot) but sometimes you just have to write something down, lol.
6881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Husband loves these!
  * Expansion bay(s) total (free)
Printer
6899	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this pen. I have had a Cross pen for over 20 years. I only need to replace it when it gets lost.

6219	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's SMALL, but the product is awesome.
1048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this resource. I teach fourth-graders. This book helps the students learn to find specific information from a passage to support their thinking. It has several sections that focus on different skills: inference, main idea, cause and effect, etc.
It's difficult to tell from the photos, but each book is the size of an index card (3 1/2" x 5 1/2") and the binder is slightly larger and 2 1/4" thick. The individual booklets will slip in a shirt or pants pocket but the set with its hard-cover binder is designed to be left on a desk.
6818	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this pen as a gift for a friend who is going back to college this summer.  So far he loves the pen.  It writes smooth, crisp, and clean.  He likes the gel ink, but he would prefer a more traditional ink cartridge.  He doesn't mind using the ink, but we were both confused as to why this pen supports gel ink ballpoint, felt tip, and a highlighting marker refill but cannot accommodate a traditional ink refill as well.
8927	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wrist pad is comfortable and product works well with my cordless mouse.
355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My product arrived crushed from Amazon, but the map is essentially intact save the unsightly creases every 1.5".


6967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pen is high quality and very durable, my family has owned Cross pens for a number of years and we keep returning to the brand because of the quality. I had this particular pen engraved and given as a gift because they are so practical!
The only positive is the price, but there are better Cahier's made in Turkey that have alot better paper quality.. though not blank.. Ruled or graph is what you will have to buy.
7420	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great product and meet the school's requirements

5579	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love the color of this, and the pocket is great. The dotting is nice too. I only wish that the paper was a tad thicker so that pens didn't show through on the other side. I haven't found a pen that doesn't ghost. I can live with it, but I would love this product if this issue wasn't present.

9953	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
Again, I LOVE this thing!
3246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great notepad. The person that I gave it to loved it. Adorable! I would purchase these again for an owl themed gift basket.
E. M. Van Court

9571	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If only the fake ROI's I calculated on this came true!

  * Printer output type
I'm neutral about the black elastic closure, I can see it as an accident waiting to happen. But this certainly isn't a deal breaker albeit I feel a simple diary style closure would offer a better aesthetic.
5598	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made book that allows you to schedule stuff easily. Maybe someday I will get in on using my smartphone for this but my fat thumbs can't work it fast enough. I like pen and paper for some things.

9700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Simple, tested, works!
A decent buy for the price!

9609	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	this mouse pad is very comfortable. But if you put your wrist over the edge then your circulation might slow like mine and your hand will fall asleep a few times a day, usually starting a few minutes after you start using it.
Knowing Avery products as I do, I'm sure they will work like a dream in my printer, but I will update my review when I have an opportunity to do a card on the printer.
The songs themselves are very good.  The last song on the album, "A Day in the Life," is John Lennon's materpiece.  The title song, Sgt. Peppers, etc., is one of Paul's niftiest pieces.  Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, is a great psychedelic song which we thought described an LSD trip.  Actually, it described a picture that John Lennon's son drew in school "consist[ing] of a young girl floating in the air with a couple of childishly drawn stars beside her." We certainly didn't think so when we heard about those cellophane flowers of yellow and green!  The rest of the album is filled with some fine McCartney ballads and other assorted psychedelic rock/pop tunes by Lennon and Harrison.
2404	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A pretty little address book with a comic title. It holds all my contacts, in alphabetical order. Though, you only get two pages for each letter, so if you have a bunch of Johns and Jane's you might not fit them all.
1260	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I spent an entire day going from shop to shop looking for a very slim mini notebook to take on business trips. Someone smaller than a passport size, easy to carry in a pocket or small purse. I found several nice options but 2x the price. This was a gorgeous alternative to the typical craft brown paper brand that is $9.99 for 3 notebooks. Instead with this brand you get 8. The designs are whimsical and subtle. I love it so much I went back immediately and bought 2 more packs so I have 24 total. Should be enough for every business trip I go on.
2052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The posters are great.  I have had several teachers comment on how nice they are. Not only are they great, but the price makes them even better.
6861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I rally enjoy writing with this pen, It's just like writing with a regular pen, I really like the fine nib, I  have a bailey, with a medium nib and it runs through the ink really fast, I tried to hone the nib to fine point, It works ok but not like this classic does.
1862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am in love with these. I love color and having bright items on my desk at work! These are perfect and are as pictured! They are your standard file folders with a twist.
(1) the statistics tables are limited to 42 data points, though the table features are excellent for a non-programmable,
786	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is flexible enough to fit into a handbag while sturdy enough not to get banged around or bent up while in there. The paper is smooth and nice to write on. I don't use the rubber band closure at all, and I worried it would get it my way, but it lies flat at the back of the cover and doesn't cause any bumps or lumps in the writing surface. I will definitely be buying this product again.
4078	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good product but way overpriced, u can get it from walmart for 4.50 so the mark up is high, but product works

The tool had, hidden away in the handle, a knife, mini saw, Phillips screwdriver, flashlight, bottle opener, etc.
4753	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not too good with marker, maybe use the sharpie pens, but I like M. pencil.
Taking it apart remounting is firm but smooth.

6587	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A planner is only as good as the one doing the planning, but this little planner is exactly what I needed. The layout inside is well thought out and works very nicely. There is a cheesy little intro on how to use time effectively, but honestly.... if you actually read through it, there's some good advice in it. It's up to you to be organized and get things done, and this is one of the many tools that works well if you put it to use!
7535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works good for my son for school
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zondervan-Olive-green-bible-cover-w-Compass-XL/dp/0310806615/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zondervan Olive green bible cover w/Compass XL</a>
4253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice journal in both quality and look.  The cover is soft and nice.  The color is vibrant.

8751	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works perfect
3827	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fits in my bike water bottle carrier perfectly!  I just froze water in half the bottle without any problem; it has a pressure relief valve in the lid so the bottle doesn't break!  I like the cool blue color as well (it comes in other colors).
9196	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about a mouse pad. great cheaper price than at Staples.
Love love this notebook and will get another one when I finish.
I received this from the seller to try and test in exchange for an unbiased and honest review.

Luckily I retained my old college 12c. The new one is heading for the bin.

820	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	sounds great
1151	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i tied this just once so im not sure how good it is but i did notice it does make my skin softer
4946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this book because if give music paper on its pages.  This allows me to put my lyrics down as I think of them and come back later and easily add the music.
2406	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A wonderful address book.  I write fairly big and was able to fit an entire phone number on one line.
The Wrist rests - rests well.
Pros:
425	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice detail, color and quality.
I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly, one bad pen. So later on when some new colors came out, I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.
6803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent ballpoint pen, good price.
These are very durable, sturdy notebooks and worth their price. Don't get imitation notebooks as there are several companies that make similar notebooks, but there is only one Moleskine!
7234	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Fair Warning!!!  Don't buy this product at a discount.  They said it was new, but it wasn't.  The toner went all over the computer paper and inside my printer.  I got what I paid for.  Never again, will I buy this particular product from Amazon.  I went to HP direct, got a new toner, and it works great!!!  Once, again, please accept my warning.  It will save you time, frustration, and money.
9745	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ok
5229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Spend the extra $1. This is worth it.
2109	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to find a good bookmark these days without it having fancy magnets, tassels, or some media reference.
4677	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I always travel with my small Moleskine blank notebook where I sketch, write notes, quotes, ideas; I even have entire books summarized in them.  At 5.5 by 8.5, this book is a little large to carry comfortably in a purse or pocket.  The book is the customary high quality Moleskine product. It has a nice embossed cover with wine glasses on it. It also has double pockets in the back where three pages of stickers are stored.  The interior of the book is already divided and tabbed into wine categories - sparkling, white, rose, red, fortified, sweet - with several more blank tabs.  Each page has a place for you to list the wine, vintage, grapes, % alcohol, producer, country-region, pairing, serving temperature, suggested glass (with little pictures), price, and more.  These pages only comprise about the first half of the book.  The remaining part of the book (with the blank tabs) just have blank sections.
4728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You can't beat Moleskine sketchbooks. And a red cover? Dynamic.
3715	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Stops the continual leak / fill syndrome of older Toto toilets.  Seems like the original Toto stoppers after 2-3 years tend to warp and thus leak continually, resulting in continual squeaky fill noise.  New stoppers are the charm, hopefully they will not warp so quickly.  Will know in a few years.
2862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bold color so that I can easily find it in my stack of papers :)
* holds the little magnetic letters
7215	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this new drum for my Sharp AL1631 copier that gets light usage, less than 30 copies per week.  It worked fine for a week then started leaving blank areas on copes down the center of the page.  In addition to that, the end of the unit fell off and two gears fell out.  It took me a while to figure out how to reinstall the gears to make the drum work, but the blank spots continued.  I thought that it may be the new toner cartridge that I had installed at the same time, but even after purchasing a second new toner cartridge, the blank spots are still there.  The first 2 or 3 copies are fine, then the blank gets wider and wider.  I finally decided to just buy a new copier and stop spending money on new parts and supplies.  Of course, this was what I was trying to avoid in the first place.
3846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This portfolio is ultra thin and extremely light weight but this doesn't compromise the quality of the item. The threading appears to be very sturdy and the material is strong. It comes with a pad of paper but the refills are cheap and easy to get. The paper/pad is a standard 8.5 x 11. I was a little worries that the snap on the side would hang out too much and could be an obstruction for the zipper on my briefcase but it fits great. The portfolio also has a divider on the inside of the front panel to store loose leaf pages and two smaller pockets which I use for collecting/storing business cards and for holding my slim cellphone.
3586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Too bad Caphalon discontinued the LX line.  I think it's great.  And what a deal.
7199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
3707	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because I needed a new lunchbag for work. This is perfect! Great quality! Very sturdy, light weight and durable. The price was quite reasonable. Shipped quickly. I would definitely recommend this product!
4019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	After the Flint fiasco, we are hopefully more aware that the less lead we consume, the better. Part of my work is dealing with the food industry, so I am keenly aware of how many ppm we already consume in various foods and beverages. Who needs more from dishware?
9314	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great color



Bottom line:  A great, functional, durable, and even attractive mechanical pencil.
6757	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Like many, I have problems keeping track of thins and stay on target. This is a really useful planner
To be fair, the silver HP12c Platinum Anniversary is very nice and has spotted the "retro" silver look of the HP 11C, however, it is still not the GOLD standard. With HP missing this golden opportunity to mark the occasion, I would love to see and own a HP 12C engraved with 50th Anniversary logo, reckon that this would be the ultimate testimony for the HP12C and a milestone for its fans.
* In the upper right of the front cover there is a small, yet noticeable "green edition" logo (this may not be the case for every pad, just note it's possible you may snag one)

I was able to receive this product at a very nice discount in exchange for sharing my honest opinion and my  overall review of the positives and pitfalls of the product.  Whenever I buy a product, I always rely on the customer reviews as my best source of information when deciding between similar products.  Marketing of products is just that - "marketing" - but opinions and reviews from real people, using the real product in real life are the most informative and valuable in my opinion.  Please trust that the information I have provided here is sincere and unbiased.  I wish you the best in all your shopping experiences!

1344	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fun to use... Colored in a pattern using all of these pens, but then started using up the ink, and was unable to continue with the color I wanted to use... Won't use these again for coloring, but like them for writing...
1450	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	At first, reading the Junipero Serra book, I wasn't sure about this set. That one begins with a brutal attack on a mission by Native Americans who resent having Catholicism imposed on them. Father Serra holds someone as he dies. I was a little put off because historians are generally more sympathetic to the Indians' point of view than this.
9409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fantastic
4734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So far Moleskines are my favorite for sketching, and I've been sketching for years.
1361	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are fun gel pens. Of course with these you always expect them to not write perfectly and have bubbles in between. But they are fun for kids that want to color on fuzzy posters.
3530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute design for those of us who live in Fla.  Great for using the top layer for a greeting card too.
7404	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good and solid machine

1796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute high quality folders! I love them. They're actually thicker than I thought they would be.
6558	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this planner. I bought one last year, the smaller size (6x8) in turquoise. This year I tried out the larger size (7x9) and it works out well, giving me just a little more room to write. The paper is thinner than last year's, which annoyed me at first, but once I started writing in it, I didn't notice it. The sections are handy, but I could do without the "projects/delegated to" section-- I have no one to delegate to, so it seemed like a waste of space. Other than that, I like it to keep me organized.
2664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	small and perfect
-Typical over-priced chinese product.
5571	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality and lovely color (peacock blue).
Overall:  TI should make "TI-86 Pluses".  Menu system is great.  Good for everyone for all majors.  The only thing the 86 truly lacks is a CAS (computer algebra system?).  Of all six calculators I own, I used the 85 (86's predecessor) for six years (through high school and college) until I purchased the 89.
8192	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I would order these again.  The finish is perfect for the printing of my own photographs, with just the right color absorption.
6380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Terrific for my Bible.
4717	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice and great size!
2477	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my little cousin. Its nice that its in a plastic sleeve to protect it. Exactly as the picture shows
2996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R19QYKWDTBKCHO" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E12r3rTOVDS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91GBE86MTKS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">I really love this!  I wanted a way to make our sharable library more like a library. We have a lot of books that

6652	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a bit difficult to use and not recommended for use by children.  The colors are very nice and I like the idea of having the book names on both the front and back side of each tab.
The TI-89 is better suited for theoretical math work because of its "pretty print" and units system. Plus with the right software mods, you can do differentiation/integration with the variables intact - just a time saver really.
As far as this particular brand, I would rate them in the top 3 that I have tried. the absorption rate is terrific and it is an added plus that it is certified organic! That is especially good for those who make creams, butters, oils etc...
9437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for a finance class. No complaints


7894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The generic brand for some reason will not let my cover lid close correctly. I keep getting an error message, the lid is open.
8907	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Comfortable.
7738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The HP 12C calculator is the perfect combination of techne and erte, both form and function. A timeless classic that I am sure my own children will use.
9271	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The hand rest is nice. but the pad does not work well at all with optical mice. it is noisey and the speed of the cursor is slowed significantly. i will stick with hard surface mouse pad.
2917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are really great. I have been using them daily to keep track of all the things I need to stay on top of. Great way to start your day!
3353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is a kinder who is working a grade level ahead, and we've recently switched her to homeschooling. She absolutely loves this workbook. She works in it every chance she gets and has learned a good amount so far. Recommended.
7400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	1+1=? i know now
4749	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Books
9440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My previous mouse pad with a wrist rest was a good one - I thought - until I purchased this gel mouse pad.  I now realize my other one was too hard!  This rest fits the length of the pad and is rectangle to fit all your wrist.  I have had it several weeks now and am very happy with it.  It is soft and the pad doesn't move around easily.  I will buy another one when I need it.
6815	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I like pens a lot, and have several, this one is really nice and good looking and is one of the nicest pen i have write with, its smooth on the writing, have great balance, to make this short is almost the perfect pen, BUT and is a big BUT, the clip to hook the pen to the shirt get loose and the pen no longer holds in place on the shirt its move around on your pocket.
6902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a Cross what else is there to be said.
1190	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.  Will hold a lot of writing.  Has an adventurers look.  Plan to buy more for gifts.
8736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like the wrist rest.
9203	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good, it does stick hard to damage your table surface (I hated the other one I bought from amazon which killed my paint),
7241	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Its a high quality toner cartridge. what else can you say?
5594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little books, they are perfect for keeping in my pocket at all times. I even went so far as to buy a small wallet from etsy that can hold them, and a space pen. Now I can take notes everywhere I go about my work. Great for productivity and avoiding errors!
5775	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality paper.
I ordered a Parker not long afterwards and that is a far superior pen, but I'm stuck with this Cross pen that I'm TRYING to like, just because of the money wasted.
8276	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great  calculator for algebra one....my daughter used it for her math class daily.
1362	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute, colorful. The ink flow "skips" quite often, so these pens are not very useful for practical writing/note-taking/etc. They're okay for doodling, though. The scents are alright; typical artificial-fruity scents, but not exactly fruity, either. I still like the smells.

2203	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Peter Pauper Press beaded bookmarks.  I have several for myself and just recently purchased a bunch more because Christmas is coming and I give books for gifts.  The recipients are always delighted with the little extra gift especially if you can tie one in with the book, an event, a favorite color, etc.  And don't forget the kids for they treasure them, too!

7782	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter needs this for 6th grade and found it at a great price on Amazon.  I didn't want to wait around until a couple weeks before school and these were all gone or possibly more expensive.
My favorite sections are the ones to plan and review. I also like the Daily Priorities and Notes & Ideas. I love that this fits in smaller spaces like my purse or backpack. It's possible to just hand-carry this without it being in the way.

8390	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have been using this for a college math class. Does everything I need it to, and a lot more that I have not figured out yet.
7084	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good price
The pages and the pictures for each month are enormous. The pictures of each month do not necessarily reflect the month shown,  and are lacking in explanations of the scene being shown. Of course if you are a Downton fan, you will very well know what each picture represents., but others, who buy the calendar to evoke a certain period in time, and a way of life that is long gone, might appreciative a few informative sentences explaining the happenings represented on each month's picture.
440	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a large, beautiful up to date wall map that is laminated on both sides.  I had a big blank space on my wall and I love maps, especially when something happens in the world and I want to see where that place is.  So, this map is attractive, well made and accurate (it has South Sudan, the newest country).  It came packaged so there was no transportation damage whatsoever.  I can't find any fault with it.
4842	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for those who don't want to worry about their paper warping or tearing as they experiment with different mediums. Great product!

I've lost track how many I've bought over the years.
1291	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are THE BEST gel pens ever!  I use it for my adult color book and other gel pens cannot compare.  The ink on these pens run smoothly, last long enough, and are beautiful in color.  I wish they had more colors.
7907	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the buttons aren't really sensitive, you have to use a bit of force for it to show on screen.
6988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought a gel Cross pen and it was kinda cool, kinda like a turquoise color, bought this one because it was 10 $ cheaper still a good pen, writes smooth.

2320	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A little bulky for the purse, which is what I wanted it for. But well made and attractive.

2192	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	not very good, so large
4609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is what it is.
* Small Phillips-head screwdriver
I looked at a couple of other high end blenders and found that some of them had a tendency to "walk" on the counter.  This one has four thick rubber feet that keeps it in place when switching the blender to high.  It's very loud but then it's very powerful.  So powerful in fact, that it comes with a lid and lid plug that lock into place because once it's switched to high, the ingredients are moved with such force that it can knock a loose lid off of the container.  The lid plug must always be used unless using the tamper in its place to make ice cream and nut butters.


Moleskine offers more product - additional pages and dust jackets, etc. on their website.  They have a community, for heaven's sake, if you want to take it that far.
4121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Week at a view, in a pad with tear off pages. 5 spaces for each division. Divisions for 4 parts of the day. I like not having to open a diary and not having to keep old pages around.
1538	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	strong sturdy set very happy with these, I don't use the brush but the other 3 pieces work very well
I bought one just like this many years ago and while other sites sell one that looks the same in a photo, it's always the smaller version of the old feeder. This is the big feeder that I have been hunting for years....
8024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great
As much as I love the binder itself and the vibrant and sturdy recipe dividers, I am disappointed with two things. One is that the prelabeled recipe dividers have categories that I don't use so I have recipes that don't fit under any of the given categories. For example, it has a Fruit and Vegetable and also a Beverages divider, but I won't use these. I wish these had been replaced with Appetizers and Casseroles/Slow Cooker categories. To remedy this issue, I have just whited out the categories I don't use on the divider tabs and written in ones that I do use. Unfortunately, this doesn't look too pretty on some of the dividers. I wish they'd have let you customize/write in your own categories instead.
3862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes I could have purchased any kind of water bottle to hold my water but I just love Oscar and this is a great conversation piece as well! Everyone not only loves Raymond but also loves Oscar!
9220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as anticipated, well made.  Love Belkin products!  I've been using it a while now and it's holding up great!
7345	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great addition to our homeschool room.  We've begun social studies and current events so having a globe available is a terrific addition.  I am so impressed with this globe...no fancy lights or anything, but it is colorful, the names of the countries are clearly visible and it shows the mountain ranges in relief.  The kids are fascinated with it...which is just what the doctor, okay, teacher wanted!

2306	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yep! this little Pink Book Of Addresses has helped me in organizing my contacts into one book that I seem to use more than I thought I would.
The size is perfect. I use a Van Gogh 12 color travel palette, also pictured and I just use a rubber band to hold them both together as they are almost identical in size.
5725	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	If you want to carry a pocket notebook that doesn't fall apart before it fills up, this might be the ticket. I'm on my second, it's almost full, and is only just now starting to disintegrate, even though I carry it in the back pocket of my jeans.
4037	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very stylish lamp!  Love the flecks in the shade and the wood base is a beautiful color
2994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had seen the book before so I knew what I was getting. Very happy, and everyone I have given this book to, loves it!
3007	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought a bunch of these Knock Knock sticky notes and they are all hilarious. I use them at work to joke around with my coworkers and my students. They are funny, but I'm not really sure that it was worth all the money. Seemed overly expensive for small amount of sticky notes.
(3.5/5 stars)
9829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love my Dymo
1191	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is awesome!!! Could not ask for better. With the best price I've seen so far.  The leather is perfect. Just can't tell you how great it feels to receive exactly what I was looking for in the mail. Words fail. If you're looking for a compact,high quality,take anywhere, last forever,Journal, you have to get this.
7036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Why Are You Even Reading The Reviews?  They Get Lost Easily, They Get Easily Left At The Office, And They're Inexpensive...Go Get Some More...
I also appreciate that it is bound by a hardcover instead of spiral. I'm left-handed and I'm always having to fight the spiral binding in typical planners.
926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very large, detailed map - bought through Amazon (listed seller) and it arrived in perfect condition! Great idea to hang this on a wall where kids walk by it...they might happen to learn a thing or two from it! Couldn't hurt. This particular one is going to the UK for relatives. Hopefully give them a good idea how vast the US really is.
I use a Parker Jott pen with Black Gel Ink to write on it. I use this pen + notebook arrangement for two reasons: 1) it's actually a pleasing experience as the gel ink allows a smooth silky movement over the paper. 2) the black ink provides enough contrast for the Evernote iOS app to scan it in document mode. This is the main reason and it allows me to have an electronic copy of my notes. Yes, I'm a geek.
3725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My shoes are all organized. This product solved all my shoe mess issues. The clips holding the hanging organizer are easily re-crimped to fit over any door of you choice. The shoes are easily stored face to face in the pockets. The clear view plastics makes for easy viewing.
Now no more pain.
3705	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the second Broil King grill that I purchased. This model I purchased from Amazon and it works very well after 5 years of use. Our earlier Broil King still worked, but it had an older design of a propane connection which was difficult to refill. This newer model had a better connector that simplified buying propane. It also had other improvements.
3994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the calendar. I bought two.
5950	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted and 8.5x11" notebook for taking my meeting notes when cracking open a laptop was unsuitable.  This is a great book for the task.  I use smaller notebooks for sketching out ideas, but this one would do the job well although it is a bulkier.
For those who like to know just what all ingredients are in the products they use, the listing is as follows:
2225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Little pricey, but it works.
5308	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for haiku. I would love if it could hold a pen or pencil on it.
Great bookmarks just the same!
5128	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the best I have ever used.  I go thru 3 per year and always keep and store them.
I did enjoy trying the Derwent Colorsoft pencils:  They are truly soft, creamy, smooth, with rich and deep color.  Trying this small set prompted me to buy a larger set of Colorsoft, and I also picked up the Derwent set of metallic colors.  (Really nice!)  Regarding this set of ten that comes with this set:  I did not care for the simple folding "box" that the pencils came in.  It's more like a sleeve, and I needed to find something else to put them in.
5821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A nice thin book with a light cardboard cover.  Each pack comes with 3.  The pages are smooth and lovely.  I use this as a personal journal.  I am currently using one to write a memory journal for my fiance.  The cardboard cover allows for easy modofications.  Great price on Amazon too.
Bottom line: it will last just fine for toddlers learning letters or for using magnetic icon cards, but put it away after use.  I probably should have gotten a nicer tabletop easel like M&Doug brand to last, but this one is OK.

7493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed a new calculator and this one fit the bill nicely. Good looking product from Texas Instruments at a great price from Amazon.
4573	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These look really good on desks however they are a mess to remove!
2505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really Nice
483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works and Looks Great. Just what my students need to understand our number system
One star away for the small size.
3535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like the way this stencil worked with my gelli plate. The pattern reminds me of the seed pods that used to fall off the maple trees near where I lived when I was a kid. Dina Wakley's stencils are always awesome!
524	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a pocket chart with the colorful cards. I like that it has a place for the digital and the analog time. includes pre-made cards, but also some with no words for you to write your own which is nice since I have a few things there aren't cards for. Use it every day. Definitely the easiest schedule I've had. Glad I bought this. definitely recommend.
5543	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As always, Moleskine does not disappoint. Beautiful journal in a lovely shade of blue, and the size is perfect for scribbling down ideas for stories and other important notes.
4437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product was fabulous for my classroom. It really didn't take up a lot of wall space. The definitions of the genre categories is clear and concise. I would recommend
1728	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I received a copy of this to evaluate.  I am so glad that I did.
Overall, the quality is excellent. I've never had an issue with the quality of a moleskine notebook. They're excellently bounded, pages don't fall out, and they don't wear out easily. I've used a lot of bounded notebooks that typically don't last the year - these have remained put together, and it has been several years of leafing through them for reference.
4549	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great item for keeping your child organized with school work. Good quality!

4105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed: A bunch of small pockets for cards.
139	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The calendar is perfect for your home school classroom.  It helps teach the little ones the days of the week, months, weather, etc..My only wish is that this was velcro/magnet. I have push pin holes everywhere.  One day in my "spare time", I am going to put the little velcro on the back of each piece and on the calendar.
5080	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice item.  Great for my purposes, which is keeping passwords and information I need handy while traveling.  It's small enough to carry in most purses and large enough to fit a lot of information in it.  I actually use notebooks like this as a checkbook.  It's lined, which is important.  This one i is a pretty red.
5920	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The paper is a substantial ivory/natural white, with cold press grain. Binding is sewn, and fairly sturdy. The paper responds beautifully to pen & ink, as well as light watercolor washes. To do art journaling or layering, it is possible to remove pages, or cut them off at 1/4", leaving a filler at the spine. Convenient size, rounded corners, and elastic closure make this perfect for tucking into an everyday bag.
Battery operated.  Battery should last for years and calculator has an OFF key
7210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality for inkjet printes, specially for older models that print on both side and the mechanism to turn the page it's so rough on paper not so well made.
685	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised/depicted!
I did finally decide, however, to replace the memory of this Cross pen given to me in 1967 and having done so, I have found the quality to be what I  honestly expected based on all my reading, but a bit less than I had hoped for (eternal optimist that I am).  Through months of use now I am comfortable with the following observations:

301	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It was very pretty but very, very tiny. You can't write much in it...


4461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are cute but also large! The are about 4 inches high after tearing off the perforation. I guess I wasn't expecting something so big.
Excellent product. Great quality.
1173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I write fifteen to twenty thank you cards a week to my staff at work thanking them for various things so I was super excited when I was given the opportunity to purchase these at a special price to test for quality and give my honest opinion of them.  These cards are top of the line made of heavy linen cardstock.  The "Thank You" is raised block lettering.  The inside of the card is blank so you can use them for anything.


9913	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using a Dymo label printer for a couple of years now and noticed recently that I was getting near the end of my original roll of plastic white label tape. I'm labeling books (inside) for a library and know I'll be going through hundreds of inches of tape in pretty short order. SO ... I ordered this product and, sure enough, days after the shipment arrived, the tape I'd been using ran out. I opened one of the 3 packages I ordered and dropped the refill into the printer and clicked it into place (I thought). I closed the hatch and printed and the label printed off center. Hmmm. I opened the hatch again and pushed down on the cartridge and heard it (finally) click into place. AH ... I hadn't pushed it in all the way the first time. I closed the hatch and began printing labels without any problems. Totally satisfied and a little bit wiser about proper cartridge reloading procedure. I would definitely buy again.
1537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Large beautiful stamp

3054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My friend loved this
4113	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
(2) the menuing is somewhat complicated, so more keystrokes are required on this one, as compared to the similar Casio model, however, it does reduce the learning curve of the product,
2835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are a great way to bring up moral at the office!
9091	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	a good pad
Overall I feel the Zondervan book cover is a great value.
8002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works as needed
3820	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these.
4348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like these!

The fact that the pen is very leak-resistant is evident by the fact that the cap has caught very little spatter - and I have a habit of twitching my legs up and down.
The seven days of the week on one side and a lined page on the other is the best format for me. I have relatively few appointments, but many tasks per week that go on the lined page.

4416	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Wish I hadn't added them to my Bible.  Difficult to get on, and the pages were too delicate for them.

5981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect notebook for class - both professional and functional and worth the investment.  I bought sticky divider tabs so I can use the notebook for multiple classes.  The pages are so big I can't fill one notebook in a semester.
5689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price and came super fast! I love these notebooks because the paper is beautiful and they're the perfect size for school. Thanks!~
1777	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality, beautiful photos, fast and accurate service
5418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook exudes quality in every aspect: outside, paper, stitching, paper color. Size is perfect to take with you to meetings and even on the field (if you happen to work on the field).
Stay on securely.
2158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty bookmark, not much else to say, but doesn't feel cheap.
8291	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.

7754	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great, inexpensive calculator. I needed a scientific calculator for my chemistry class and this fit the bill. It works well for basic calculations. My only complaint is that the case sticks and I often have a hard time getting it off.
5526	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these dotted notebooks! The paper is a bit thin, but I don't really mind-- my pens don't bleed or anything, there's just a little ghosting. It also fits perfectly into the pocket of my white coat so I can carry it around the hospital. Just purchased another one today!
9702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product looks sturdy and was delivered timely.  Look forward to using them
Overall, I'm very happy with these and will have fun painting with them. If you have any questions, please feel free to let me know and I will answer them.
2973	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Yes! The kit is all that.  I will have fun with these in my lending library.
935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought to help decide where to move to.  This with some dry erase markers helped us figure out where we could NOT live (for whatever reason), where we'd PREFER not to live, where our family members are...I suppose it might be educational, too.
3122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The sentence building puzzle is a favorite for my 5 year old.  Before we moved, the pre-school she was in did something similar with index cards.  She loves building her own sentences and has come a long way in her pre-reading.
2. Pen holder was kinda useless for me and I will cut it off.
4407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellant
6971	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I used to love getting Cross pens when I was a kid.  I still have them too, the chrome ones, but lost my only gold one.  So I wanted to replace that one after all these years.  I was a bit hesitant after reading these reviews, but thought i'd gamble and hope that after a few years of getting their QC in check, the quality would return.  No such luck. This thing is like a fake Rolex.  All the points the other reviewers warn you about are absolutely correct.  I compared it side by side with my vintage chrome ones.  The cap does not fit right, the overall feel and weight is poorer, the clip feels thinner and weaker, the turning mechanism seems flimsier.  It's sad to see Cross stoop this low.  This is the reason "Made in China" has the stigma it has.  I'm going to have to switch to the Fisher Space Pens, made right here in the USA.  Do me a personal favor, and take the pen!!
8666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice mouse pad and wrist rest. I would buy it again. I like the size and shape and simplicity and my mouse glides right over the pad. Excellent!
Needs to be a bit firmer in construction ...
485	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My previous number line was way longer than my front wall. This one looks a bit compact, but it's still quite visible from the back of the room. Extra nice how evens are blue and odds are red.
4503	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Holds all of my standard charts for school and is very spacious.  Great buy. I have three.  Would love to get two more.
This calendar, as always, is constructed of nice grade paper and a sturdy plastic holder, which is to be recycled at the end of the year.  It will tuck nicely into any little nook or cranny available where you can keep track of the days with a good laugh or two.
5181	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good for school or projects.


The only reason I found this was because I bought a small lined Moleskine journal last year upon recommendation. I found it to be of genuine quality and well designed compared to the alternatives. I doubted that they made sketchbooks (considering the jump in cost and competition), but it was worth the query... and voila!
9187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Seems durable when others have fallen apart. Great comfortable support.
6274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love Moleskine
9248	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this was exactly the mouse pad i was looking for. i spend a long time in front of my laptop for work and with this even at the end of a long day my wrist feels perfectly fine. the pad itself is great for mouse movement too. great price. blends in with my black color computer table. just perfect.
Overall, The Beatles brought the most innovations to pop music on 'Sgt. Pepper'.  The music is meant to rise above conventional consciousness.  In this sense it can be regarded as a concept album that has some diversions along the way.  Still, 'Sgt. Pepper' is a period piece, one that is magnificent, but is their most dated.  It does come from 1967 and, for better or worse, seems locked in time.  They abandoned the drugs and the magical studio effects, but went ahead later with 'The White Album,' another masterpiece that is more decidedly rock, but without much compromise.  (Like 'Pepper' they did what they really wanted.)  This is a magnificent, but flawed masterpiece.
2403	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great!
7498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product, price, and shipping
2439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave this to a friend as a gift.  He said he uses it every day.  Great price and delivery time.  Somewhat small but works just fine.

If you find my review useful please let me know and if you have any questions or comments, feel free to post them below and I will answer them as quickly as possible.  Thank you for checking out my review.  :)

5371	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I really like the Moleskine brand, but this pen just doesn't stand up to the same quality. The ink smears a bit and while I like how the pen fits in the notebooks, it just isn't comfortable for long durations. If you want something that fits great in your notebook, this does that but if you have much writing to do, I can't recommend it.

7642	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	It is the height of irresponsibility for Texas Instruments to release this calculator for sale.  The logic in the circuits is defective and it returns incorrect results.  Here is an example:
 It has two separate color fans, one "Solid Coated" and one "Solid Uncoated".
3193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great storage and space saver. Can't wait to use this. Shipped super fast.
55	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little Bible cover for my son. I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews, but it's great. I'm glad we gave it a try. It's been dropped a few times already and is still in perfect shape.
2069	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Other than being mildly crushed on the spine and many of the pages being wrinkled, it's a great composition book. I've been using it as a lab notebook in my little chemistry lab in the garage. The college rule is really nice, and the paper within is pretty good too.
9839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome

493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it says it will do.
6769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great appointment keeper! This book fits in a large tote purse and is perfect for daily, weekly planning!
I think I'm going to miss the hardcover, but I really like the bigger size. It's the same size as composition notebooks, and I love the layout. The notes pages on the right is perfect for short lists to stay organized (people to email, things to buy, things to do, etc). I also love using mini-sticky notes for things I can easily reschedule (to do items), and this larger planner will easily accommodate all of my weekly sticky notes.
3870	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice and decently made faux leather folio.  The pad of paper is of good heavy weight quality. Holding up well as I put mu gear through a lot being an engineer. This gets thrown in a backpack daily to protect papers between different site and it does this well. The pen holder is big enough for nicer writing tools and seems sturdy.
Should you need more room to write recipes, they provide a site address making it possible to print off more. This is a great idea for the new bride, a foodie or gourmet chef. It makes an attractive addition to any cook's book collection. I recommend this to anyone who collects recipes.
5666	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Small but good
5173	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Might as well order on Amazon, price seems fine. These are exactly what you think you are getting - the smaller moleskine books.
1618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I read books about vampires I use this bookmark.
7643	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value.
Evernote is an excellent (free) application for web, desktop, and portable devices that allows you to create digital notebooks and sync them so you have them anywhere. I happen to be a pretty heavy user of the various incarnations of Evernote and love it, too!

2670	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Helps keep me organized

3525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	pleased.
1979	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great
5551	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What is not to like?  This is a fun notebook. Got a plane and a ruled. Great Amazon prices, quick PRIME delivery,and notebooks I will treasurer. Highly recommend!

264	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my granddaughter has used this for endless fun
They are cute little different sticky note to use in your office if your co-workers have a sense of humor.
4490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Large and perfect for keeping posters organized.


2522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very large, detailed map - bought through Amazon (listed seller) and it arrived in perfect condition! Great idea to hang this on a wall where kids walk by it...they might happen to learn a thing or two from it! Couldn't hurt. This particular one is going to the UK for relatives. Hopefully give them a good idea how vast the US really is.
record accepted by IRS.
7014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this pen and pencil set. The hard case is nice and provides a secured, soft foam bed to rest the writing instruments on between uses.
5208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these things!  In college I became accustomed to having a notebook nearby to jot down information or diagram an idea.  I drifted away from this in the work world.  My electronic devices, mostly Palms and iPhones, lacked the immediacy of a simple pen and paper.  It always felt like you had to "set something up" on a PDA before writing or drawing anything.

7588	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected!
1195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	At first i worried if the strap can keep the cover tightly around the notebook, but it's certainly not a problem cause the friction is good enough to hold it. The size is small and pages are thick as I wanted. The pages are really nice that i can use fountain pens and write with forces and the ink won't go to the other side. The only explains i got beside the price is that there are five bundles of papers and it makes it a bit hard to write due to the height of it above your desk. But anyway, the thickness is one charm of it, so you just need to deal with it.
1978	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like it!
7491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was as described
7467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Texasman is obsessed with his gas mileage in his muscle cars (he's having a second teenage-hood!) and everything we were out and got gas, he wanted my calculator to check the MPH.
1671	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've bought Moleskine notebooks in the past but these are just as good, if not more so, for a lesser price.
7089	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use alot of ink cartridges. These are small and need to be replaced often.  They're packaged well so you can replace the cartridge easily without getting ink all over you.


7354	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	fast delivery, easy to put together and a nice size. The stand (its metal) seemed wobbly which was fixed by putting in a washer that I had onhand -did not come with this. Overall a good buy.

4418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great tabs use them a lot
3227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought one for me and one for a friend for all our school posters..  GREAT.
For the pages that aren't printed with yearly, monthly and weekly calendar, pp3-16, on how to use the AD system to plan, a PDF file provided with purchase would save paper and make the planners slimmer. I will be removing those pages.  I also find the address pages useless, I store contacts and addresses in my phone.
6 - Trails to California

9238	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pad is the best 1 i've ever had & i've had plenty. The wrist gel cusion is so comfortable & allows for hours without any discomfort or like similar pads can make your wrist,hand,fingers fall asleep, this pad will NOT do that. All that & very cheap for a very high quality product!
3836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perhaps these glass vessels were designed for culinary use and entertainment purposes,  and I am sure they meet those needs more than adequately.
9377	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for our whole office, and it works well. No complaints.
For the journals and notebooks I only keep at home I prefer a more decorative look. But when I am out in public my plain black notebook makes me look like I mean serious business!


9989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works as expected. no problems
4626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This item brought great joy to the young man I gave it to. He loves the variety of stencils that will allow him to create pictures, make cards, and work on posters for class. The case is very handy so he can keep them all in one place. He hangs the box with the accompanying handle on a peg above his art desk.
They work very well together.  Large, easy to use and set up.
1373	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves these! I also borrow them when I have a thank you or another note to write out. I love the fun colors.
8828	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy pad.

2067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these. They're typical composition notebooks, with added decorations. They're not any more or less flimsy or sturdy than typical composition notebooks.

8385	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good products, fast delivery, receipt of combination.
8602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Here are ten reasons you should consider the TI-83 Plus/TI-83 Plus Silver Edition:
2) It is HUGE, takes up twice as big as a footprint as the Amcor did. :/
2384	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You have to write small but it is as it is described. It works perfect as long as you can have small handwriting.

120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my boss loved this gift, very nice and a little larger than I thought.
8109	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this around mid 1997 and I'm still using it to this day.
4698	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy with this product that i have ordered many colors...great for workshops, journaling, classes, easy to carry. great colors.
3706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is perfect, really well made, design, very fast shipment too. the first time the sauce dish was broken and they send a new one really really fast.  Love it !
6020	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Solid construction, another great Moleskine product.  I bought these to replace my full size notebooks and reduce weight.  Between using the Kno app for my textbooks and Moleskine notebooks, I dropped my pack's weight by 15lbs... Can't complain.
5705	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these things. I have bought notepads before that were this size, but they always fall apart. The construction on the moleskin products are very good. I use these notebooks as learning journals and I most often keep them in my back pocket. I sit on them, fold the pages back, they have gotten wet, and they are still in great condition. They obviously look worn, but that is all part of the look of the moleskin. I would absolutely suggest this product if you are writrinhg on the go and can't seem to inject the same level of though into an electronic interface.

7054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Installed it and it worked will right away.  Also, it came a completely sealed package so I have to assume it was new
That said, I do agree that the 12c's technology is a bit dated--newer financial calculators are certainly faster and more sophisticated than the 12c, but there is a certain convenience in  the 12c: I get the answers I need quicker and without fuss.  It's like how studies on computers have shown that while computer technology is far more advanced than before, office productivity hasn't followed suit.  Basically, whatever benefit there is in having faster, bigger, better and more is canceled out by the additional overhead.  I personally feel that the same situation has happened with calculators--a lot of them are just too complicated nowadays.  For my more sophisticated calculations, I simply pull up Excel and program in whatever functionality I need with the macro language and VBA--I get the answer a lot faster than with a fancy-pants calculator, and I have functionality far beyond the capabilities of a calculator like printing .xls to .pdf for email attachments, dynamic data exchange updates to spreadsheets and graphs, etc.  So that really leaves a particular niche for my 12c: the quickie, simple calculations that I need to do without having to lug around a laptop that won't fit in my pocket or a PDA that's hard to enter data into.  For that purpose, the 12c is a perfect fit!  Sure, the original 12c was built like a tank, but today's model is still a fantastic calculator and still my calculator of choice.
online and some folks suggested library cards. That lead me to this.
- Soft cover: Being used to the hard cover of other Moleskines, I didn't like this at first sight. However, it has also endured the test of time and gives the notebook a very welcome flexibility I've come to appreciate. Its inner pocket still holds gracefully.
8885	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Poor quality. Didn't feel comfortable with this.
7067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	In March of 2011 I ordered a HP Laserjet Cartridge for $65 that was provided very quickly and efficiently by Super Deal.  The cartridge was as advertised, but as it turned out my old cartridge kept working so I did not have to open and install the new cartridge until early February 2012, nearly one year after I had purchased it.  Much to my disappointment it produced black streaks when I printed with it, and no matter what I did it would not work properly. I figured that I was out my $65 because I read the warranty at the Super Deal site and it indicated I could only return it (unopened) for a refund within 30 days (I was like 300 days past that). I thought what the heck I'll call and see what kind of response I get.  I called Super Deal and the young lady who answered listened politely to my story, left the phone for a moment, and to my great surprise came back and said a new cartridge would be mailed to me the next day.  Wow, I could hardly believe what I was hearing.  I've bought lots of things over a long period of time on the internet, and I can't ever recall this level of service and support from a company without any attempt whatsoever to quibble with me.  I received the replacement cartridge today (genuine HP again), installed it, and it is working like a champ.  Thanks and congratulations to Super Deal for what can only be described as super service and support after the purchase - long after the purchase :-). I'll certainly be recommending Super Deal to my friends and colleagues!
"Tabbies are awesome. This is just most of the bibles I have them on, with the (inferior in this reviewer's humble opinion) 'square-cornered' tabs shown for direct comparison. The very closest, and the very furthest, both have the competitor's square cornered tabs, and the middle bibles have the Tabbies.
2956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hysterical. Love it!
2511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality map with lots of details. Also nice packing in the tube.
8229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Tried this with my Canon Pixma MP250 printer. Works great! When I ordered this I didn't realize that it came with envelopes to go with the cards, extra bonus! Glad I didn't go out of my way to find envelopes though. Look forward to using this product again in the future, I'm very satisfied with how this product works with my printer.
The tools extreme rigidity and superb sharpness gave a flawless finish when completed.  Very little sanding was required and the intended results were the beaded doors which my client requested.  The offer a large variety of different interchangeable heads for the molder, so the options are almost unlimited with what you can achieve.
67	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kiddo love his bible case! Good quality.
4223	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
6396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used these Bible Marking Kits for years.  I love that it does not bleed through the pages as other markers do.  I have everything in the pouch including a ruler with the books of the Bible listed on it. I can fit this kit into my Bible cover.  So convenient instead of digging into my purse to find a pen or marker. I will continue to reorder this whenever I need to replace my current kit.  Loved it so much purchased two more to share with my friends.
9089	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Saves my wrists at work.  Keeps my arm at a level angle so it's never sore, but still allows for full range of motion.
9597	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The wrist support helps reduce the pain in my right hand that comes from staying on the computer for longer than I probably should.

5250	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are good.  I like these things a lot.
2491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted!  This laminated map looks just gorgeous in my room--the old-time color scheme is perfect.  Good job, as per usual, National Geographic!
7289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This toner is for an old printer in our office, and usually runs nothing less than $140-$200 on other office supply websites, I got it for WAYYYY less and it's all in the original manufacturer packaging as well! Next time the other printers run out of toner I will be looking here first!! Prompt shipping as well, box arrived in excellent condition.
6031	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ideal for capturing those ideas that come up in the middle of the afternoon or the middle of the night. Lightweight, durable, and beautifully lined.
6897	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice built. Love the nib, very smooth.
4014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product.
9454	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was having a lot of wrist pain until I bought this baby.
Have one to hold files. I use 3M hooks to hold it on the wall. Love these.
It is now March 2nd and I am two thirds through the book.  I have continued to write journal entries daily since January.  There is something about this book that makes one want to write.  I have just ordered another one and will continue to do so until I can no longer write.
1819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well for my storage folder holder (:

755	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very nice tactile letter cards for the price.  They do the job quite nicely, but I don't see them lasting longer than two school years.  Over all, though, I would highly recommend.  We haven't had any trouble with any of the grit (for lack of a better word) coming off of the cards, and they have really helped with encouraging letter recolonization and handwriting skills.
This one is a small, unlined one, but Moleskine has lined and squared versions, and much bigger notebooks, too. For me, this size is perfect, because I can also put this in my back pocket, if I need to. I also like that there isn't a huge Moleskine logo on it. It's very classy, but not conspicuous. I also really like the strap, which I didn't think I would need, but I use it all the time to close my notebok.

7050	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work - leaked toner all inside the printer

Reasons I didn't give 5 stars-
9798	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been through a few of these Arrow Staple Guns. They are pretty reliable, sometimes if you put too many staples in they don't work properly but all in all it is a great product.
The paper in these notebooks is thick and heavy. Perfect for sketching and writing. I'm not sure of the makeup of the paper, but it gives off archival grade quality. Time will tell.

7739	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Texas Instruments makes an excellent, relatively basic calculator with all the functions I need. The unit is sturdy; this is well made.
I never had issues with this pad in the 10 or so years I've owned it, until I started traveling with it.
8694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works wonderful hand leans on memory foam
4561	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly for getting classroom subjects organized.
3964	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For those of us "dark-agers" who still like to write our appointments down on paper instead of entering them into our i calendar, this is the perfect way to keep them organized and easy to read!  Fits nice and neat on the side of the fridge out of the way but easy to access!  I only wish they made one that started every 18 mos instead of just 12 mos. meaning I could start in January not August sometimes.
5619	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine products. For my job, I order a lot of swag and promo items and have ordered the Moleskine products and they are always a hit!
9623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	needs it for my finance class, it's nice and working. cheaper online than Staples and BestBuy, Walnut has same price but it was out of stock when I want it

1128	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Helps find things quickly. Looks nice too.
4912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great sized notebook.
5309	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I recommend this article only if you can take care of your things. And by that I mean that you never loose stuff. This is a pretty expensive notebook that does not serve any other function. The paper quality is average, thin paper that will bleed if you use roller point or marker. BUT if you are looking for a very neat and elegant notebook this is what you need. The higher price is justified by the distinctive Moleskine look. So if you want to impress every time you take a quick note don't look any further.

Use them for tabletop gaming or dioramas. They can be combined with other sets from the same manufacturer, or with home-made sandbag scenery. I have a sandbag bunker from another manufacturer (I think it may be Armorcast) which I sometimes use with them.
904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Award winning map for good reason. Love the colors.
3106	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very amusing. I have several friends I will give these to. Glad I ordered 3, wish I'd ordered 5.
73	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best book carrier/cover/case that I could have ever bought for my 11 year old boy scout...Thanks!
5640	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice wee note books, I need to pay closer attention to sizes.
3116	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very cool and useful.  I can take the completed form to my psychiatrist.
9904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'd imagine that's all I would need to say for this.  If you want to print labels on your Dymo and you want them to be clear and you want them to be this size - this is your label.
9525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this to use at work to help with my carpel tunnel. It does exactly what I needed. It helps alleviate the pain in my wrist from using a computer all day at work. My mouse works well on it, with no tracking issues, even with the laser mouse. Only thing I noticed is if its on any kind of incline, the material is a little slick and if your not holding the mouse it will slide, but that is not a huge deal for me. The material is soft, and easy on the skin.
5523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good handy little notebook, solid paper and stem.
2631	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Funny is good, and sincere is better: this gem combines them both. We use them in our family to apologize all the time (great in tandem with the Knock Knock Here's Some Advice pad), and the whole of our relationships at home has shown great improvement and resilience.
The construction appears to be quite sturdy.  The easel really works well.  The surface is thick paper-covered board.  It's not laminated so wiping it down may leave a water mark.  (I'm considering covering it with clear contact paper.  That's worked well for me in the past.) However, the page protectors are excellent for taking care of this problem.  When the keeper is open, the protected page is what will get splattered.
5343	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskines notebooks for their quality of paper and the classy design of the notebook. They are great for all note taking needs and I find myself not leaving without at least one in my bag. The large size is perfect for those instances when you need to take more notes and have them organized such as in a class or at a meeting.
4449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These came super quick after being ordered, which was fantastic. They're cute, kind of cheapy, but great crowns for celebrating a birthday in the classroom.

2667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Too funny. Love it!
2411	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have book for Emails and internet saving, but this one is just right for Family and friends info.
Bad

3728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this French press everyday.  It works great! The screen part is snug, I never get coffee grounds in my cup.  This company also offers replacement beakers if you have an accident! (that was a big selling point for me) The purple is gorgeous!  I do 6oz water per scoop of coffee. I also temper the glass by rinsing it with super hot tap water then I let the hot water sit in the beaker for a min or two THEN pour it out and make my coffee... I believe the other one I had broke (glass cracked) because I didn't temper the glass... it was not a Bodum btw... it was some cheap no name one...
Expansion / Port(s) Required
1825	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.
3592	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I collect teapots and  I like to watch the I Love Lucy show so I was glad to find this cute little teapot. Thank you for having it.
731	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Each year I choose a different themed Lang calendar.
4664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my son who's a musician. He loved it! Just check out the pages in the pics ahead of time so you know if you will use the layouts it has. It's really well made.
9209	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very smooth & comfortable. Great price & value.

1912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I bought this for my address and phone numbers, it is a very good quality with nice Normal Rockwell pictures.  I would recommend this to anyone, it would make a nice gift.
7849	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	<div id="video-block-RV3T2QPO57VXM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91ebdxvCSHS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B18kMCWahKS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I'm so pissed off because of this crappy calculator and that this model is a requirement for my math class!
1026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love this. My son is almost 3 and this is a perfect learning tool for him. He is still too young to read or understand what all this means but knowing that when he is ready it will be here, is what matters most.
2006	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it~
1126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted, and just as described.
6258	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size; nice quality paper. A great little notebook for anyone who needs a small graph paper notebook. Good for preliminary graphic drawings. Could be used by anyone in the math or science field, architects and landscapers, too. Or, if you just like to write on graph paper, this is the perfect little book to have in your purse or pocket.
2905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So cute - got this as a gag gift for a friend.
6265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted.
9052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good price. Functional.
9558	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works awesome! I just got a "desk" job and found my wrist to be bruising due to high computer use. This get pad was perfect! My wrist is now comfy cozy working the mouse!

Shalom Out!
7437	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Up to TI standards

253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is very helpful for all students at all ages!
7160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent  paper.  Copies come out very nice.
9265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The only brand of mouse pad I would ever buy. I have been using Belkin for years...and that means 2 in almost 20 years (I bought one for my Mom)! Yeh, they're that awesome. Some ppl say the smell bad, I have never experienced this.
4303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this book with my third and 6th grader with disgraphia.  Both have had marked improvement, and been able to work through the book so far with lovely handwriting.
2434	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
5541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are an avid note keeper, then these are wonderful.  I have small ones in my purse, ones at work and at home.  Moleskines are a timeless classic that will always have a use in my life.
4040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good set of stones! Love it!
Pages too numerous to count have the following information in which the owner might fill in:
8690	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I found this was uncomfortable while it was being used.  It didn't fit my needs at all.
Moleskine is priced well here when on sale.
3101	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love, Love, Love these lists!!!!  Perfect pair and I love that they are perforated so you can take your "To Buy" list with you to the store!
5221	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love the pocket in the back. Pages are slightly sheer, but fine if you don't use gel pens. I wish there were move cover color options.
5860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite watercolor sketchbook.  I've tried quite a few and this is my favorite so far!

5346	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy notebook with blank pages and lovely color.
6400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Was hesitant at first because of some of the review, but I have had no problems at all with the highlighters.
1210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Small enough to fit in a purse, but big enough to write your daily plan/activities in.  Like it very much!

3520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I picked this up for $29.99, and it's beautiful.  In my opinion, Calphalon Tri-Ply is just as good as All-Clad's Stainless line, except it's 3 times cheaper.  With All-Clad, you're getting the same three-layered stainless steel with aluminum disk, but paying hundreds more.  I was considering All-Clad for awhile, but there were two things that changed my mind.  The only possible advantage of All-Clad Stainless over Calphalon Tri-Ply is that it utilizes magnetic steel, which may help if you have an induction cooktop.  Add to that fact that I don't have an induction cooktop, and magnetic steel tends to be of lower quality as well.
3037	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
1575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The item arrived promptly after I placed the order.  It was in a manageable size bottle and not the quart or gallon size most dealers offer.  I add this to the homemade food I fix for my finicky Pomeranian.  I will order again.

1073	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This is a great idea in theory, but only a week after we got it it started acting crazy and would beep all day and night. It has the tiniest screw in the back to access the battery, so we couldn't stop the beeping. Eventually it died and my daughter didn't even really get to use it.
8474	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great everyday user calculator for a better price than you can get in stores.  I keep this one on my desk at work and use it daily.  Just bought one for my daughter to use in 7th grade.
For the price it seemed like a good idea to have them around just in  case.  You can also keep a spare in each car, or whatever.
5917	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a notebook to take into work with me for note-taking (for training, phone call scribbles, notes to self, etc.). This journal is not only durable and incredibly well-made, but it has thick pages that do not show bleed-through from pens and artist-style markers. I love that! This is a nice and simple notebook with lined paper, and an elastic band that helps to protect the pages. I highly recommend this to professionals, artists, writers, and so forth.
3896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a holiday gift for my son. It is quite heavy and solid, not at all flimsy. I think it will be attractive on the wall in his bar area and provide a very functional bottle opener. It's not flashy. Between parties it will be a discreet gargoyle. There is something very appropriate, if a bit pagan about a Green Man beer opener.
The best thing about these is that they are pre-folded.  This provides a much better result than using regular card stock.
One thing is certain that the price here on amazon is lower than the stationary retail store, so get it here. :)
1935	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was hoping that these would be more like cardstock and they're actually quite thin, but they're great for things like SmashBooks, altered & junk journals etc.
6989	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Year after year my Father has had a chrome and a gold filled cross ink pen in his shirt pocket. I am so glad he skips the pocket protector since he has been retired.
with this GED calculator.  It is the official one used on the GED exam.  My math

3860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these products so that I won't scratch my cookware and they are an easy cleanup. I recommend these products.
I purchased this new model that is a significant step up from the 4207.  It is heavier.  Both the opener and the base have more heft (and hopefully a larger battery).  It also looks better.  It reclines a bit on the stand.  The stand is more stable and has a nice brushed stainless trim piece on the bottom.  It also comes with a clear plastic bottom to the opener which allows you to now see the cork being withdrawn.  Another big improvement is the small plastic chamber on the business end which adds stability to the cork as it relates to the corkscrew.  This was sometimes a problem with the old model as the corkscrew would sometimes enter the cork away from the center.
9009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An easy way to say it, my callous on my wrist is gone and my pain in wrist is gone. Bought one for my home and one for work. Placing my wrist on the pad makes it a comfort when using the mouse. My wrist rest comfort on the gel wrist jell pad and the mouse easily moves on the pad. Easy to clean with a dry cloth. Now if I could get something like this for my neck, I would be in great shape...High recommend this Mouse Pad!
1389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful pictures.
4968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely paper, book lies flat and is a nice size. We actually used it as our wedding guestbook and used a heat embossed stamp on the front, it turned out great!
that's fine with me, but if you're looking for a standard size like 9"x12" you won't like this.
9427	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased 3 wrist support mouse pads and we have used them for about 1 month now.  One of he wrist support sags terribly in the center of the support creating two distinct ridges which are uncomfortable.  The pad is supposed to conform to the wrist for maximum comfort.  It appears to lack sufficient gel in the pad to maintain its shape properly.  Another pad has a noticeably air bubble.  I would consider another brand.
584	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have had many changes in my schedule this year and I have to say that these cards have held up through 3 changes of times and still look good. I used a permanent market and to erase it, I used rubbing alcohol to take it off. If I did not have so many changes, they would last me years.
2692	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
3754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Tervis Mugs are the best  insulated mugs made; imitations don't even come close. I love the coffee mugs over the tumblers because of the handles.

I do, however, have some things that bother me a bit.
2219	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this bookmark so much. I like the picture and message. The material is very durable. I definitely recommend this!
6889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE CROSS PENS

7956	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is not a lime green as described, but more of a pea green.  My son likes it, that's all that matters.
The horizontal design (wider than long) is logical, fits your hand better, and is extremely comfortable. More calculators should be laid out this way.
2608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ok
3863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The quality of these curtains meets our expectations. They are really cute, no visible flaws, and look great in our guest room.
-The look and feel. New ones look serious. They have a cool shape, and the thread of the binding is a nice touch. Old ones look vintage.
2038	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use & is actually as beneficial as described.
9336	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought a Belkin mouse pad looking for something a little more ergonomic for my desk at work, where I'm on the computer for about eight hours each day.
Since cast iron is not as conductive as copper or aluminum it heats up and cools down much more slowly.  This characteristic makes it unsuitable for sauting or for when you need a pan that is highly responsive.  However it's even heating and retention of heat makes it perfect for casseroles, roasts, mac-n-cheese, potato dishes, etc.  I have been in love with Le Creuset's French ovens for years and use them for chili, stews and other dishes that benefit from long, slow cooking.
- Top heavy and thicker than a regular bookmark
9793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent tool-very well-made. I recently had to do some necessary construction work on the house before the snow flies, involving replacing part of an outside wall. We were racing against the clock and the weather and, as usually happens,ran into unexpected problems that slowed the project down. This is when good tools prove their value: I found there is no better way to secure construction wrap such as Tyvek than using the Arrow T50 Heavy Duty Staple Gun. The staple gun is light-enough in weight to make it easy to work with above your hear and holds enough staples to actually secure an area without having to stop and reload. The Arrow T50 Heavy Duty Staple Gun never jammed-not once! This is a first for me as I usually expect jams. It takes common construction staples, easily purchased at nearly all hardware stores-which we proved when the crew klutz misplaced the whole box-and a 20-minute trip to the nearest hardware got us going again. The wall was rebuilt and secured before nightfall, with the last of the house wrap being applied in the dark.
1481	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good but no backlit
4428	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter can read all of these because of the dvds that go with these books, and she can read all of these books. She will be 5 1/2 in September.
456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	you need a cheap map of the world? this is it. Bought it for a presentation. glued it to a foam board and pushed lots of pins into it. fit the bill.
7469	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice scientific calculator.... easly to use and color scheme is nice
6793	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome pen!!
3188	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed something to keep all my borders and not just thrown in my teaching cabinet. Was able to fit many of my borders into this organizer. I didn't care that I had more than one border in the pockets (I clipped each one). If I wasn't on a strict budget I would have been more than happy to buy another so that my borders didn't have to share pockets. Wish I had bought this item sooner!

9368	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it.
8908	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with this product.  It has a long life, and the documents that are copied are clear and clean.
7095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item exactly as described and fast delivery.
9456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This mouse pad is really comfortable on my wrist and palm. The texture is soft as well.
7462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	That is why I bought this one, which is my second
A Little History:
This moleskine notebook is the perfect size for minor note taking, as a diary, or just as a little notebook in general. I can't tell you too much more that others haven't already told you. However, it's a little too small to use as a "workhorse notebook," for when you want to or need to take large volumes of notes. I did this for a little while, and although I was able to fill one entire moleskine notebook up with notes, it was just too painful on my hands. I felt like a giant trying to write on a sticky note! But that feeling when your fountain pen rolls effortlessly across the page is just one that I can't live without.
7391	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my needs- inexpensive large, easily readable display, Nice, soft touch buttons. I keep one in my tool chest, another in my office, and one in my car (when the apocalypse comes, I want to be able to do math).
3064	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have bought other books in this group that I liked much better
1528	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice
6427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived on time and works as expected
7445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and works great
6277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The GOOD:

4745	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to take notes on-the-go meaning no table or desk to write on and me just relying on the book and my hand to write.  It is a very well made product.  I like the fact that the binding is at the top so there's no awkwardness when alternating pages to write on.  The little band is a great feature as well.
7386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	handy
2958	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	it was funny
Both are excellent calculators.  I teach math to 7-12 graders and have recommended both of these calculators to my students for many years.
6633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good but cannot use them anymore in the prison.
I can also see this as being perfect for a project manager.
5439	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for.
The cover is a nice bright red, much as depicted in the photo. The elastic and bookmark are also the same shade of red. There's a pocket at the back too, though I find these of less use than some. I'd rather the pocket were in the spine and that it hold a small pencil so I'd have something to write with wherever I had the book.
293	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not being able to easily tear out the pages is a major drawback.  It that is not important to you, you will be happy.
5956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these primarily for sewing notes throughout the year. The pages are nice and large for taking plenty of notes. I really like the flexible cover as well. The pages are bound with thread and sturdy. I like the idea of the other colors too, just haven't needed to restock yet!
7886	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator.
4015	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice brush!
7366	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Well, I got a HP-33S wich is HP-32SII sucessor for just U$49,99. It is much more powerfull than 32SII with 31kB of memory! Of course 33S does not have the same quality of old ones and does not have the same good finishing but is better. Things I don't like in 33S include the very limited complex algebra which comes from 32SII! There are no matrix algebra as well! I know some people love this calculator, like 15C, but there are better new ones. One I don't say the same is the also old 42S. There are people buing it for $299. My brother has one and I would like to have one too.

6267	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I work for a construction management company, so these are great for work since I have to take alot of notes and make sketches. The size of these is perfect. They are large enough to hold a decent amount of information on one page, but small enough that I could stick it in my back pocket if I had to.
4890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy with this product that i have ordered many colors...great for workshops, journaling, classes, easy to carry. great colors.

5985	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine! How I love thee!  Composition notebooks, five star, whatever - nothing matches the quality, feel, and look of the moleskine.  Worth the price and versatile, from school to work, to a professional event, it's sleek and attractive, with high quality paper and a nifty pocket folder in the back.  More pages than you'll know what to do with.
5295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this notebook!  It's perfect for my bullet journal.
So back it goes to Amazon.  I threw the packaging away but I will seal in in a Ziplok bag and marked "open only with protective respiratory gear"
7213	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Might not work as long as the original but cost a lot less so even 2 of these are cheaper than 1 from Sharp.  I have had good luck

On the other hand, I do cook a lot; have for years and was raised in a home overflowing with good cooks.  The kitchen is one of the most important rooms in my home and I pay very close attention to the overall workings of the place.  This knife is one of the most used knives in the place.  It has multiple uses and the more I have used it, the more uses I come up with.

9185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good support and poos right back after use

9846	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The silver metallic tape I ordered doesn't stick well to metal and the beginning of the roll didn't print well.  Looks good.  However,  the fact that it doesn't work well makes it quite pricey.
2594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good instruction, increased my understanding of multiple ways to use various mediums, Lots of inspiration to express my creative self with freedom and confidence. I find myself experimenting more in my art. Thanks, Dina!
1772	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love the set up of the notebook and the whole aesthetic , I only wish there were more notes pages and that the paper were thicker, almost all my pens fully ghost through the pages.
2254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice bookmark for men and women alike.  I have given several as gifts and I kept one for myself.  I would not hesitate to buy from this company again.

8733	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's used in the office everyone is very satisfied with the purchase and use.
2685	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not as described.  Mine came with W T F on the top instead of PRESCRIPTION and for that reason I had to throw it away.  On the positive side I was refunded my money.

8938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for years and I think it is a great mouse pad. Hate those pads with the super soft and mushy wrist supports, this is one is just right.
6762	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Too small.  Returned it.
8999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Blue as pictured.  Wrist rest is sturdy but soft and jelly like,  the height of the wrist rest is about 5/8 inch, and the entire pad has nice rounded edges and is very sturdy, I have no fear that it will tear.
And excellent quality
The tabs are fully sticky. So, when folded over the edge, the full tab sticks back onto itself. That means that some might not line up perfectly. My last set were only a little flap on the end that stuck, the tab was free. These are the whole tab that sticks.
Anthony Trendl

if you're trying to get someone's attention,  this will work!
Since then this thing has become an essential part of my life.  Works like a charm, both the Palm 5 itself and the hotsync too.  Address  book, calendar, notes...  The Palm is easily the best designed  hardware/software since the Macintosh of the late 1980's.
4536	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help organize my family of 7. Works great
5664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
6279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notepads, small enough, strong long wearing, not easy to tear paper. I use it mainly for work to jot down important notes but I also carry one everywhere I go. Though these are more expensive but because of its durability I only use this product and hope they keep making this. Thank you.
3163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size and love that they come
4421	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very basic books but perfect for the beginning reader.  Helps in recognizing sight words and was great for my son as he started out.
3-It adds just enough emphasis to decorate my board but not distract from the material on the board
7881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my daughter for school as it was required for her math class. Works great and is easy to use.
4819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was given this as a gift, and I love it.  Works just like a sketchbook should.  I like the cover, and it's the size I like.
9445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wrist pad is very comfortable and easy to use.  Nice clean appearance and wipes off easily,  Very good quality as well as price.

1002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice book.  Bright and colorful and it gives a lot of details.  My children love sitting to look at the illustrations and learn about the microscope.
Great gift, and affordable!  I've bought a bunch for various friends and family.

8640	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	all good
3578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This valet is compact, light in weight easy to open/close, I kept the original box to store it in. To store it, I used two pieces of sewing elastic to tie the legs together, it has a tendency to open up slightly when pulling it out of the box. (sewing elastic is durable versus rubber bands). I use this to dry my delicate clothing in my house.
 While I have electronic devices I can use for note taking, sometimes nothing beats pen and paper. The Moleskine makes it simple to capture your thoughts on the run.
The physical calculator is also a quantum leap ahead of the TI-83. The buttons are much  larger, the keys are more clearly marked, the case is much rounder, smoother, and cooler looking, and most importantly, the screen is about twice the resolution of the 83's! Graphs look clear, as do numbers and text.
filler. she's leaving home, however, with a page taken from yesterday & Eleanor rigby, is the agonizing beauty of a string quintet
Returning is very tempting, but unfortunately I bought it because our schedule has gone completely nuts and I just plain don't have time to sit and wait for another one. So I will keep it, use it, be grumpy at it, and NEVER order products made by Orange Circle Studio again!
6583	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Bought for my spouse. Same as mine but a different color. We both were heavy Franklin Covey customers, but now use these because our lives are a lot less complicated (retirement).
  * 10 - 80%
1104	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used every single page in this lab notebook over the course of 3 semesters of Chemistry lab. TERRIFIC lab notebook. I love the spiraled notebook compared to the bound kind. It is easier to flip and you can lay it flat to write in. This is also a great, great price. I bought the bound kind for $40 in my campus bookstore and this was $10. You won't find a better deal. The carbon copy also works great. I had to turn in the carbon copy after each lab for 1.5 years and never had any problems. Would highly recommend if you need a lab notebook that carbon copies (this is when you write on a page and it makes a copy onto the next page so you can keep a copy and tear out the other copy to turn in to your professor). If you don't need this, don't buy this...just get a regular notebook.

1764	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the official Taylor Swift 2017 Calendar and it's made by the same company that has produced them for years.  The quality of the paper is excellent and the images are clear and vibrant.  I've included photos of each of the months so you know exactly what you're getting.  I definitely like the look of this one better than the current 2016 one as the photos are a bit longer and they chose some excellent shots.  Highly recommended.
3552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun stencil, sturdy
2222	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This bookmark is even better in person! I never thought it would be so big. The actual bookmark is ten times larger in person than what it looks like in the picture! I loved it!
5932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The older I get the more I believe in "buy once, cry once." Spend a little more money on good quality products that get the job done, need to be replaced less often, and generally make your life better. I thought Moleskine was for snobs and didn't see anything wrong with a $1 spiral. Then I went back to school, and realized what a pain spirals are. I started taking notes on Ampad narrow ruled paper with a double thick pack, micro-perforated at the top. This works great for general lecture notes, but sometimes you need a notebook.
1421	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect gift for any walking dead fan.
There isn't much more to say except that I'm very excited to own this one. I totally love it.
1708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calendar, arrived on time!  These calendars make the perfect gift for anyone on your Christmas list.  They are more than calendars, they are works of art!!
4443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These palm trees look great when paired with the Carson-Delosa Monkey Bulletin Board Set. They would also be good with an island or pirate theme. We are using these trees to create an 8 foot x 12 foot mural with one tree on each side and the monkeys suspended on vines between the trees. We are putting the Carson-Delosa grass border at the bottom to add extra height. The kids are gonna love it.

8072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you're taking Calculus 1 and 2 in college, the TI-89 will get you through the course if you're any competent with theoretical math.
Sorry, couldn't help myself when I wrote "I'm happy".
673	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The first thing I love about this recipe organizer is the stylish cover and classic look.  I have so many scraps of paper and misc recipe cards that I keep tucked into other recipe books and now I have a go-to book that holds these items with pocket dividers.  I also like the flexibility of being able to use a 3 hole punch to add in printed recipes or write in my own recipes on the pages provided.  I can't wait to pass along my book of beloved recipes to my children and their families.

9617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time. It is nice to get a Great Deal.
1317	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	10 year old loved them. They are comfortable to hold and are very smooth to write or color with.
5000	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My second planner like this, I like the soft cover which makes it easier to slip into my back pocket. Enough space for daily entries and a whole page for notes or other entries. Well made and the paper is nice. I'd give it 5 stars but I don't want to encourage them to charge more $.
8922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As good of a wrist rest mouse pad as you'll find, and great for the price.
3866	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pros:
The paper can bleed if using a fountain pen with a medium to wide nib, especially if the flow is high, but gel, ballpoint, and pens of that type do not seem to bleed through, though if you hold the paper up you can identify markings on the other side of the page. The paper holds up well, but with my small handwriting I could have liked a tighter ruling to get more use out of the page.
3503	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The hardware in our recently remodeled bath is brushed nickel so I decided to replace the mis-matched containers when I spotted this.  It works and looks great at an affordable price.  The lid fits snugly and the combination of brushed and shiny finish would go well with most hardware.
18	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Happy
The stickers did nothing for me -- I have much more sophisticated tagging than I could accomplish with 8 different stickers.  But the book works well and the page capture gives you a nice crisp image in Evernote.  And you get a 3-month premium subscription extension.
599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has completed the look of my classroom
6712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my son.  He loved it.
-The size. The width and height are great dimensions for any pocket. And the thickness is easily bearable. When compared to my Galaxy smartphone, it is lighter and thinner, with only a few cm of excess around the sides.
9519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for work because I am constantly on the computer. BEST IDEA EVER. My wrist was hurting and once I started using this rest, it stopped. It's very comfortable. I would highly recommend it!

9484	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Meh. I don't love calculators, but this was required for my finance course. It works as described, but I'd much rather use a spreadsheet to accomplish the same tasks.
5601	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality, fun to write in
2871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious
9591	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	this mouse pad never made it to my home. It is a nuisance to have to repeat myself over and over again.
4628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these stencils to keep at my house for when the grandchildren are here. The children love them, they are good quality plastic, and it gives the children something different to do.
7762	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had this calculator and then I lost it after 3 years. I ordered the same one and I love it! It works great for pre-algebra, algebra 1-2, and geometry. Great calculator, WILL buy again! :)


7	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Time
821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Vintage Beatles - a must-have
4112	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	We homeschool, and I bought this to switch out our daily schedule cards which list the topics we'll be covering for the day. This year, we're doing Kindergarten and a short pocket chart was sufficient for our needs "Science", "Stories, "Numbers". But thinking ahead to next year and years from now, I think I should have purchased the regular-sized pocket chart for when we need to list more topics. Also, I made up chore cards with pictures of ways the kids can help out around the house. I think this pocket chart will be the perfect way to display them, so I'll be happy to keep it for that purpose once we outgrow it as a schedule holder.

Does this matter if you use rollerballs, gels, or--as is the case with my main use--fountain pens? Absolutely.
8504	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Came with connecting cords.  Works like new.  Exactly what I needed.  Now I just have to figure out how to install things on it.
I specifically needed larger sections of ruled graph paper and this didn't disappoint at all.  It's archival quality and quite enjoyable to use.  I'll be buying more of this as I need.
1148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is AWESOME! I like to put it on right out of the shower .. it leaves skin so soft! I use it on my face to .. doesn't clog pores!
6383	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this pen for my bible because the pages are so thin that a regular pen bleeds through. This one does not.
6632	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product, fast shipping
1335	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these pens ive bought three sets.  They smell good they write great they blend so cool from one color into another.  Ive used one pen for an entire page and the color changes turned out beautifully.  They just run out way to fast but I like them so much I'll keep buying them


I rate it 4 stars because it is very small and the writing space is rather tight and confined. However, since I have a smaller handwriting, it works OK for me.
reordered and are out of stock
1990	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
A bonus feature I didn't think of when buying is that, fully opened, this thing is about the size of a standard sheet of paper, meaning you can scan the whole thing and print it full-sized on one sheet of printer paper. This is great since we're xeroxing the pages to turn in.

4276	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	lv it
Packaging looks original, and sealed in black plastic bag.  Had a little streaking at first.

3928	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent they add a little flare to my papers

5942	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these notebooks. Plain and simple notebooks that can become anything you want it to be. Very reasonable price.
3935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My mother loved this Christmas gift.  Cute, functional and easy to clean.  Very nice design and great purchase for anyone.
  * Total media capacity

Pros: Smooth writing, stylish, tough, long lasting, and unique enough to set its user apart.
4366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to apply and makes it easy to find what you are looking for

2240	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute bookmark.

They are the best calendars ever because:
For those looking for something beyond a regular sketch book this is the one!
5954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size for a work notebook (it lies between the "large" and "A4" journal sizes.  I use this notebook for my bullet journaling.  It does not have pre-printed page numbers, but those are easy to add manually.  The paper has an easy-on-the-eyes beige tone, ink does not soak through (although you can see "shadows" from writing on the other side), and the notebook sits very flat.  I love the pocket in the back.  Includes one page marker and an elastic closure band.  The cover is sift but durable.  The folder in the back gives some extra rigid support to the rear of the binder.  Excellent product
3131	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed!
So five stars for a nice, good quality bottle that is environmentally sound. Works good, doesn't leak, freeze and go, collapses to save space..... What's not to like.!!  Hmmmm ---- $13.00 for one, $24 for two. Maybe just a little spendy.??
4230	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Footprints prayer journal was given to our adult daughter to use for the coming year. It isn't quite like the journal we both had the previous year, but it seems adequate for the way she wanted to use it. I gave this four stars since she hasn't mentioned how she likes it.
9661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This gel pad had helped alot. I bought 3, one for work and 2 for the home, less wrist pain, thank you.

4222	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's fine, but would be better with categories, prompts, scripture in it, just has empty pages

1176	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I write fifteen to twenty thank you cards a week to my staff at work thanking them for various things so I was super excited when I was given the opportunity to purchase these at a special price to test for quality and give my honest opinion of them.  These cards are top of the line made of heavy linen cardstock.  The "Thank You" is raised black script.  The inside of the card is blank so you can use them for anything.
8489	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is the best scientific calculator you can get. Everyone who sees me using it gets jealous, and it has so many things you can do on it. Using it feels good too.

661	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As the previous reviewer mentioned, these are very tiny notes!  The four smaller pads are the size of Post-Its that can really only be used as page markers or to write brief notes.  That being said, they are super cute and stick pretty well.  Great for francophiles!
2597	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been a huge fan of art journals for years and finally started working on my own art journals about two years ago. I have read a ton of different books and articles and blogs posts about art journaling and different techniques and approaches. But "Art Journal Freedom" is really in a class all its own.
Sturdy paper
3113	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is actually a very useful item.  I got it sort of a joke for my sister, but if you actually fill it out when you are angry or frustrated it can help you look at the situation a bit differently. I got for myself too, so I peel off a sheet and hand them out to my coworkers when they have a hard day. It's fun.
3496	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This parer was exactly what I was looking for.  It comes in real handy fur cutting up apples, avocadoes and other fruits and vegetables.  We have had some in the past and they are still working out great.  Just needed more - received great service and are happy with the product.
5645	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these little journals so much! They are perfect size for purses and for writing ideas, lists, books, things to remember etc.
I hope this review is helpful.
5347	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really love the material of the notebook.
I wished this notebook was softcover; I am always looking for ways to reduce weight in the things I must carry regulatory. If carrying/weight is not an issue, the hardcover makes for nice presentation and is durable beyond imagination.
9991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
704	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	i tried using this and found it too busy.  looking for something more streamlined and simple to organize myself.  this planner almost defeats its own purpose because it is complicated and time consuming.  also very overpriced.
8338	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good product! Meet my basic needs!
2157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a friend as a gift. She loves it.
AND a case.
2166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very  nice - I will more than likely buy a few more!
Included the one I just received I have only owned a Total of 7 This to me speaks to the durability of.the product because, I am Clumsy and do tend to drop things a lot &  it has been awhile since I have been in school
9570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.  I already had carpal tunnel surgery in one wrist, don't want to go through that again.  Got one for my personal laptop and now one for my work laptop as well.

667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Even those of us with huge cookbook collections acquire random recipes. There's just so long you can keep them stuffed in a box -- at least, if you ever hope to find them again. For several years I have used an ordinary looseleaf notebook from the office supply store, along with the single clear plastic document sheets, and it has indeed kept me a bit more organized. Thus I can find the 20-year-old chili recipe from my pal Bill (printed on a dot matrix printer), the photocopy of the paella recipe from the back of the box the paella pan came in, and a fig dessert recipe that apparently came off a package of figs years ago.
8956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the best mouse pad I've ever had. Eases wrist discomfort immediately.
  * Networking
This review is for the WHAT I ATE pad.
9574	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	a+++
676	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This beautifully designed recipe organizer is impressive enough to give as a gift.  The sturdy construction will last years with proper care and could be handed down to the next generation, filled with all those tried and true family favorites. The exterior cover is embellished with a color woodblock print of William Morris.
2231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice quality and fast delivery.


2567	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic map... really beautiful, nice quality, the laminate is thin so it doesn't feel overwhelming. Exactly what I would expect of a National Geographic product... we have it framed on top of cork-board and use it as a family travel map with pins. Great price and the project cost a fraction of what similar products (like in the Skymall magazines) sell for, but still looks very professional. Very happy with this purchase!
3575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	so good
1238	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice journals.  Would recommend.  Have purchased multiple orders and never disappointed.
224	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this book for my 8 year old for Christmas. She reads this one and the other Ever After High book I bought her all the time. She loves to climb into bed with me and read me a few pages, telling me about her favorite characters, and pointing out the beautiful fun illustrations. She takes this and the other one back and forth to school and right now they are her favorite books. Great reading investment!
Use -- I'm not a watercolourist, so I can't speak to the intended use. I'm actually a composer, and use this book and its predecessors to sketch out a proscenium arch and stage, filling out scene after scene in both opera and staged oratoria (think classical Greek drama). As might be expected the book form means that charcoal, chalks and heavily built up craypas don't fair well, smearing and contaminating the opposite page when closed. Pen, and pencil (both graphite and coloured) work very well.
Sometimes (like now, as I'm learning the details of a new position at work) you want to make sure the notes you keep for professional or personal enrichment will stay organized and in one place.
3354	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The concepts in this book are clearly presented, in an easy-to-understand (for a child) format, with each activity being directly related to the concept being taught.  The pictures are clear (black and white drawings) and relative to each lesson.  Instructions are simple and easy to comprehend for a young child.

4237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am really enjoying using this journal.  One of the things I like best about it is the fact that it is spiral bound.  This allows the cover to be folded back and makes writing in it a whole lot easier.  The lined pages and the lovely little scripture verses on each page make writing in it a very plesurable experience.
2443	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought several of these two years ago. The bookmark is indeed coated and waterproof. It doesn't tear and can't be easily bent or creased. The ones I bought have lasted well, so I know they're durable. The designs in this series are typically very colorful and attractive. The tassel is a nice finishing touch.
7409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well, inexpensive and small enough to keep on the desk.
6449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
5826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice Notebook
8310	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Bought it primarily for unit conversion. the library of unit conversion is very limited.

and my tendinitis has already seen improvement.
6251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for notes.

9537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the recommendations for a financial calculator from my professor, it's very user friendly as long as you know what you're doing and what the functions of the calculator are.

As the review title says this knife is kasherable for passover because it is one solid piece of steel (of course check with your local rabbi to be certain), but I was given the ok to kasher mine this past year.
6953	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
  Nice banded columns to write on
But the most irritating thing about the Moleskine Srl notebooks is the fact that the binding is as fragile as eggshells.  Every single one of the notebooks I've been through has required reinforcement by tape and/or glue before 1/3 of the pages had been written on.  They just cannot handle day-to-day repetitive use.  The threads come apart, the pages work loose from the threads, and the faux leather binding cracks at the "hinge" area.  Eventually the strip of paper in the spine that's holding together the mini booklets of paper inside eventually rips and the binding just falls apart from within.
9557	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All worked as described and as expected
3712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love it!
7099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good product works perfectly
6711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my new 2017 planner. Very well made and packaged. Already started using it for tasks and special events. Thank you
The hard cover is very thick and will hold up to weeks/months of abuse in my bag and in my car.
5102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I cover these for art and writing journals.  Good quality books, decent writing paper, not too great for paint, but works fine for mixed media journals.
On each day's page there are spots to record the daily temperature and weather and the top corner features the countries that celebrate a holiday on that particular day. Moon information is displayed as well.
4379	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great value
2445	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	AWSOME.  Came quick.  Good size. Love it. Worth every penny
because they are thinking the same thing. It is just great.
7733	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A great, basic calculator that does exactly what I need it to. It is a bit bigger than I'd like, but I've become used to it. I actually kind of like the bigger buttons now. I also like that it has a no-slide bottom (i.e., it stays in place when I am punching numbers at the table). Overall, a great purchase!
1487	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work perfect.
7364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just about perfect. I love this calculator. Way, waaaaaay, WAY better than the cheap, flimsy calculators HP makes these days.
1498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	really love it
2323	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute little address book to have sitting on a desk or counter.
6242	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	In general, I like Moleskines. I don't love them, simply because the paper quality varies. I like a thick, sturdy paper that I won't bleed through with my fountain pen (Lamy Safari) or ink pens (G2) and minimally with a sharpie. I always expect ghosting with a sharpie if it's not stated to be a higher weight paper, but ink pens and gel pens need very little to no ghosting for me.
8396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what the doctor ordered at a fantastic price.
7273	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	So, for some odd reason this cartridge is not working right. I though it was my printer that I even replace the entire Fuser assembly (waiting for this backordered item killed my return window) but yet it's still printing out bad. What is the problem? It seems to print a "shadow" copy starting at the middle of the page of the entire image/text. Seems like once the image from the drum is applied to the paper is not really discharged or remove from the drum, when the paper keeps passing by, it reapplies the image again. I printed a BLANK page from MS Word and the page came out 80% black. There seems to be a mark of a roller throughout the page and ink all over. It can't be a bad transfer roller since I just replaced it along with the fuser above. Problem is, I can't return it now and HP says I have to return it from where I bought it. It's unfortunate because this cartridge is nearly full and unused but I can't do anything with it.
1637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
1213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love everything about it, wish  they had a seven day week planner though.
5320	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	To a dear friend in Brazil I mailed this Moleskine journal, a personalized engraved iPod Nano, and a Sony Cybershot camera.  The response was "I loved the presents but of all of them I loved the Moleskine journals.  I took them to Fashion Design class the next day in Sao Paulo and one of the classmantes in design offered me 200 Reals, (100 USD) but I wouldn't part with it.  You really knew what to give me to make me feel good!  (P.S. I own about 25 blank Moleskine journals, and never spend a moment without one -- personal journaling is an art for me.  These are the best journals I've ever used.... and I taught journal technique for Dialog House New York in the International Intensive Journal Program....)
Cleaning the container is easy.  Just rinse it out with hot water or put a drop of dishwashing liquid in it along with a cup or so of water and run the machine on high for a few seconds and rinse it out. The container is made from polycarbonate material which apparently does not do well with the high Ph balance of automatic dishwasher soap so the manufacturer does not recommend washing the container in the dishwasher.
6019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using moleskine notebooks for a few years.  Up until now, I have used the hard cover.  THis time around I decided to try this soft cover and I have found that I like it a lot more.  For me, it also feels better in the hand, is easier to carry around (I like the texture of the soft cover), and is thinner (partly because there are fewer pages in the journal).  The advantage of the hard cover is that it stays open flatter, it provides a hard surface for writing no mater where you are, and it offers more pages.  Both are great products, but the soft cover suits me just a little better. As for other aspects, the paper's thickness is fine (just don't use a very heavy pen), and the grid lines are a good darkness. The paper color is easy on the eyes and the writing surface is a pleasure.  The added book mark and the strap to keep the cover closed make this a great book for professionals and journal writers.  I would expect that the version with blank pages would be perfect for people who like to sketch.  A consistently good product!
6358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect organization and fits a ton of art work.
Pros: Great company to buy products from, love how cute the monthly images are, love how easy this is to use as a teacher, and how easy this is to use for children as well.  I have bought a few different types of hanging charts, and this is my biggest, and heaviest hanging chart, but it can be held up by magnetic hooks that hold 13-15 lbs, as well as magnetic hooks that hold 25 lbs.  (those are the weights of hooks I have seen for sale in teacher supplies).  You do need to use 3 hooks, 2 will not support this product on a magnetic board.  Has perforated lines for easy separation.
5501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'd never heard of the Moleskine brand until I searched here on Amazon for an adequate notebook in which to keep my work-related notes and logs.  When I came upon the Moleskin notebook, I was skeptical. After seeing all the reviews, however, I was sold; I ordered a notebook the very next day.
1932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you

Having a globe nearby is a great aid in understanding the physical relationships of countries, their neighbors, relative sizes,  challenges of access.
3032	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute and quirky Christmas gift.
The good news is that that official Moleskine site has a template you can write in, upload a picture or drawing to and print off to include on any page in the book. So if there is a review online you enjoyed, you can format it in the Moleskine template, print it and cut and paste it into your Passions book.

2163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautifully done bookmark; exquisite colors used on this bookmark! I really love this bookmark! Worth buying.
5283	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Classic in red.  I use it mostly for taking random notes and for recording my gym workouts.  I buy them all the time and they come with hard cover and great paper stock that last long.
7296	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	have not used yet but i'm sure I will like it if I get a chance an see a need
1099	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These CD's have excellent applied examples that accompanies the Wong's book I...The
7827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works
9225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product is as expected!
I use a leather franklin christoph leather cover for mine, which also enhances the durability, and it is a well made product. Other organizers have chipped or fall apart by year end. This thing did not. Still looks pretty good and new even though the 2011-2012 version I carried with me everywhere for the whole year. It gets tossed around and banged around, but still looks fine and didn't fall apart.
5386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent pen in all respects.....all PRO's no CON's. Now have owned both the CLICK model and the CLASSIC. They are equally great pens. Only difference is CLICK cap to reveal pen vs removable cap to reveal pen. Just comes down to personal preference, all else is same Moleskine quality. Try either or both styles. You won't regret. Thanks Marketplace and thanks Moleskine for many great products.
5311	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I think this is the nicest notebook you can buy.  I just wish they made a larger hard cover notebook.
629	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty cards on nice stock.
2521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big and has everything we want on the map.
5071	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fine, just as expected.
4286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful journal with the various names of Jesus on the cover, and a Bible verse on each journal entry page.  I will be using it to write down verses which mean so much to me, so I can commit them to memory.  I'm very pleased with how elegant this journal looks.
2102	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice bookmark; beautifully done! I love it! Nice coloring, too! Beautiful horse!
2778	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome
853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I remember as an eight-year-old child cranking up the scratchy vinyl copy on the old black rainbow Capitol record label on my parents "console" stereo and loving it.  I must say that it really awakened my interest in music.  I didn't "get it" then like the way I do now, but it didn't matter.  It was fascinating to listen to and one of the few vivid memories from that time in my life.
4494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Holds a lot more then I imagined it would. Great product
2459	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a perfect size and is well made
This would make a nice gift for the new year, particularly for a creative person who likes to record his or her thoughts.
993	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic map... really beautiful, nice quality, the laminate is thin so it doesn't feel overwhelming. Exactly what I would expect of a National Geographic product... we have it framed on top of cork-board and use it as a family travel map with pins. Great price and the project cost a fraction of what similar products (like in the Skymall magazines) sell for, but still looks very professional. Very happy with this purchase!
This book is detailed but can still be tailored to fit your needs and you can go back and reference any time period and see the detail.
- The space to write was way too small in the daily sections. I write medium sized so it would have been nice for at least one word to fit.
4665	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice gift for the Musician in your life, and I say "gift" because a Musician would not buy this on their own.  The problem is that it really does not serve much purpose as the flaws are the pages and sections that will never be used.


7819	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed!  Came on time and in great packaging. Thank you!
316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very worthy
6436	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very good

8615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my third one. I love the gel pad for my wrist...when on the computer.  I will order again when needed.
1394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! :)
It stands the test of time, holding up well to years if use.
7756	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought the TI Datamath calculator the week they went from [amt] to [amt]. It would add, subtract, multiply and divide. Gee... was that about 1972? Then, I bought the HP-80 financial calculator a couple of years later. It was a big box predecessor to the 12-C. I got reverse Polish notation and great support. I remember having it escape from my coat pocket and crash to the street when I jumped over the hedge by city hall (I have been a very active REALTOR.) HP replaced the case and made it work again at no charge! Then, along came the 12-C, the subject of these comments. WOW! What a machine. I have used it since it first came out, so with the Model 80 I have been using HP financial calculators for over 25 years. Now I have misplaced mine, so I just ordered a new one. Of course, that will insure I find the old one soon. But, having two is OK.

5600	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I rated 4/5 because one of the 2 I received had crooked binding and was a little bit fugly. Kind of made it look cheap but thats the only problem, pretty slight, not a huge deal. I recommend it, super small.
4062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the only cooking utensils I use every day.  The curved design is perfect for stirring, mixing, folding, and scraping.  The silicone is sturdy and stands up to heavy batters.  It's heat-resistant, and easy on glass and non-stick pans.  Perfect for scrambling eggs.  I owned the spoon and spatula for years, and they seemed indestructible, until my dog destroyed them.  No!!!  After checking all the housewares stores without any luck, I was tremendously relieved to find them on Amazon.  I will never leave them on the counter again!
2461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So adorable! I can't wait for my daughter to see it on her birthday! It came with a protector as well.
7330	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	overpriced but very good
5707	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really love these Moleskine journals. I think the title of "large" is a little misleading, but they are still great. They fit perfectly in my purse are work wonderfully as a food journal.
- then tear outs shopping list, and the backside to do lists and it's 3 per page so three tear outs per page about 20 pages and that's the end of the planner
2918	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a great gift for those who are sticky-note afflicted.  I'd rathe replace the "To Ponder" notes with something more actionable, such as ASAP.  But overall a useful assortment.
2105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this a lot. It is a great addition to my collection. It is well made and a good size.
3126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected
7666	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	arrived as described

9075	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really helps my wrist.  I liked it so much I bought 2.  No noticeable smell.
I highly recommend these for logbooks of any type.
Cross's roller ball ink cartridge is better than several other brands I have tried recently, which were all pretty good.
2473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love

7946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This one works just as good as the newer ones :)

With this piece of s***? It's actually been hours since I put ink on the page and when I touch it, it STILL smears... This is NOT a problem with the ink or the pens, because I have used these on multiple other sketchbooks...
9821	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was searching at a few stores and sites for the replacement Dymo tape and in some instances it almost paid to buy a whole new machine. I saw that Amazon sold the replacement cartriges for less than other store. I love Amazon and with free shipping you can't go wrong.
I gave the ruled version 5 stars because the dots that make up the rules are more consistent in darkness. I do wish they were a touch lighter, but in ruled notebooks it doesn't make as much difference to me as it does in squared ones (which I tend to use for combined sketching and writing more than I do ruled notebooks). Your mileage may vary.
7621	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice size buttons...
1719	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Mary Englebreit's calendars.  I haven't had one in several years; not sure why.  I use it at work where co-workers comment or try to "borrow" it daily.  Recommend them.
8187	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good card stock
7842	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love it or let's say I like it alot
5054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is just like you'd expect. It's a red moleskine with lined paper. It's perfect for my needs.
7190	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good value for the paper quality.

9149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Its from Belkin...no more need to say anything. Comfortable and cheap.
For now, for my "good notes" that are worth keeping, I'm switching over to the Leuchtturm 1917 pocket notebooks.  I'll go through a few of those and then write a review on them.  So far, they seem much more promising even though the Leuchtturms have more of a "perfect" type binding and the pages do not lay flat like on the Moleskine.  I can live with that, though.
767	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was buying supplies to help out a teacher. They asked for stickers. I said what kind? They listed off a bunch of examples and this book covered most of that list. The teacher was thrilled with it. So there you go, teacher approved.

9707	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for teaching driving lessons at safety council.
4584	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work well
Knowing the benefits and the pleasure I get from using Le Creuset, I don't hesitate to recommend this pan. If you choose to purchase this pan, and use it for its strengths you won't be disappointed.
This brand of cookware does an excellent job.  The heat is evenly dispersed, the handles are hefty, they are very sturdy without the weight of enameled cast iron in similar sizes and they clean up easily.


4539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very great organizational tool.
It is impossible to write about either popular music or the popular culture of the last half of the twentieth century without a discussion of this CD. It should be placed in a time capsule.
5876	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT product, as described. FAST shipping, very satisfied. A +++
9948	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	work well

5220	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My very first moleskin. Upgrading from a Muji. While I got this for $8 on discount with a code found on Slickdeals, the book for the price isn't bad figuring retail is $17 before tax. Heck half off is fantastic. The book outside is great and has the hard front and back cover with the elastic bad to keep the book close and pages secure while writing. Only issue I'm having is the pages. The pages are thin and I use a Pilot G2 .07 pen to write as the pen glides on the paper and most paper. The pages are so thin that the ink does seep through. I used a recycle paper to put on the back of the page that I'm writing on to make sure it doesn't seep onto the other pages to minimize the ink damage. Overall, I rate 4 out of 5 due to the thin pages but I'm very happy with what I paid for, $8.04, and the quality of the exterior.
for everything else: 2 stars
8358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
4047	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This whisk works better than the metal ones from the grocery gadget section.  It is far more hygenic too.  The plastic whip portion doesn't beat up glass dishes.  However, on the downside, the weight of the handle takes a little getting used to.  It IS heavier than the cheaper version and "got away from me" on the first few uses, leaving quite a mess of whips eggs goo on counter.  Just an FYI :)
6822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've used many pens. Even a couple Mont Blancs. The original Century series comprise most of the collection, all excellent writing instruments. What makes this version so special is its heft and feel. It uses the same screw in refill as the thin Cross century series. If you like that model, you'll love the Medalist series. It has a very nice solid feel you won't find in pens costing 10 times more. In fact we prefer it over the 850.00 Mont Blanc. The smoothness of writing and feel are its best features. Cross has consistently produced a superior "writing instrument" and this is a shining example.
608	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice Dictionary for a child who nave has to carry it anywhere. It must weigh 5 pounds! It's pretty good though and will stay on the shelf unless it's needed.

8696	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Not the best looking product, surprisingly it's very comfortable to use.  Provide great wrist support.
places, a key or two - or even display segments can be damaged. I will say it is not as touchy about that as some LCD devices I have serviced or modified in my time.

8376	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought it from Walmart for the same price and so far it has worked great. It seems to be built very sturdily and the buttons have a nice feel when you push them and they don't wiggle around like on some calculators.
1490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calendar is great because it is one page per day, is hardbound, and has an elastic strap to keep the book closed or a page marked. And the price is right!
970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought the 48x73 inch map for my husband. It arrived in great condition. It was not laminated, which is what I wanted. It will look amazing in the glass picture frame I am going to buy for it. The map looks just like the picture and is exactly as described.

7712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS CALCULATOR! I love the shape of it and especially the buttons. They curve like your fingertip. Great buy!

This note book is going to be great for drawings a notes.
Three cheers (and 5 stars) for Amazon.
2396	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very surdy
I'm torn between Rhodia and Moleskine: I like the buttery soft cover of the Rhodia, and the Made in France aspect gives it a cool vibe: but I think Moleskine has slightly better paper. I recommend them both highly.
I made a number of mistakes.
3809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I work at a high school and love this calendar.  It is big enough to user on my desk and has plenty of room for making notes.
5335	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is the first Moleskin notebook I've purchased. Frankly I bought it because Staples had it mismarked so with the 3 months of Evernote Premium it came out to a screaming deal. I thought these were supposed to be premium books.  Honestly I don't see it. The paper is thin, and I get ink bleed through from my Mont Blanc rollerball.
9025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nicely presented in its packaging and very functional for what my husband needed.
At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead.
8756	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommend, I also purchased the keyboard rest, same brand.  I am extremely satisfied, just order it!  No more hand cramps!!
So, the bottom line is that I thought I could get away with not paying my local phone company $10/month for voicemail service, but alas, I have finally decided I cannot.  Just what this world needs--someone giving more easy money to AT&T for voicemail service.
From the reviews here, it appears that high school math is now more difficult than it once was.  If you know that you're going to need graphing capability, then obviously this is not the choice for you.  Similarly, the prevalence of laptop computers and math/stats software may obviate the need for some of the more advanced features.

9042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these.  Our whole family has these for their mice.
3553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	no comment

8402	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is being used in class room work and works good. It is complicated to operate by does the job.
With the art of writing thank you cards going to the wayside, being replaced to text messages and e-mails, make someone's day and send them this high quality thank you card.
6541	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Disappointed to receive one with a misaligned binding.
237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the item is great. Thank you!
4597	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My Grandson really likes them, and uses them a lot.
7705	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great deal for back to school
paper quality is also superb for ink and pencil drawings and note taking.
  * PostScript support
at this point i wish we'd gotten the ti 84 plus ce--it has color and a more up-to-date design. oh well.

9264	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I personally love this mouse pad.  Once I was introduced to this mouse pad (which was at work), I have never used another kind.  I have a slight case of carpal tunnel, so this helps with that when I am at the computer for long periods of time.  I highly recommend it.  Some people say the "gel" part is too hard, but you don't want it too soft or you don't get the support needed to prevent carpal tunnel.

All alcohol-based markers bled through this paper easily.  The water-based markers either bled through or left a distinct color shadow at the back of the page.  My India ink artist pens also left a shadow at the back of the page.  My gel pens left a shadow of indistinct color on the back of the page.  All of my coloring pencils performed fantastic. The book is published by Derwent and is supposed to be especially good with Derwent Coloursoft pencils.  I found that Prismacolor Premier Soft Core and Faber-Castell Polychromos worked just as well on this paper.  My hard lead Prismacolor Verithins laid down nicely and did not leave a dent on the back of the page.
2706	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is wonderful. I'm always forgetting things when I grocery shop, and scrambling the morning I go to make sure I write down what I need. I purchased this "All Out Of" pad and I am scurrying about no more.

2866	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This pad is slightly smaller than a regular piece of 8.5x11 paper and gives you seven lines for each day plus a spot to remember things to do the next week.  If you need Sat/Sun this is not the pad for you as it only has weekdays.  I wish this were college-ruled so I could have more items per day.
772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
7156	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
8524	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	purchased for my daughter for advanced math program.  Was used for 6 months, stored for summer and used again in fall for two months until buttons stopped working.  Understand it's not expensive, but with the cover, that should protect the buttons and it should not have to be replaced every 9 months--too late to return, but no longer any good.

7919	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	HP pricier than the off brand cartridges, but you get what you pay for.  HP is always full and good quality.
Overall, it does what it's supposed to do so I don't have any problem recommending it for anybody looking for a fairly strong stapler for semi light staple jobs.
8326	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, now we can be ready for grandson's school work.
9865	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product works as expected for my DYMO LetraTag device.
8079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was a great buy for what I paid for it. I am happy with it.
9351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well made and comfortable
6573	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this planner ALOT- my productivity has increased ten fold heck maybe even 12 fold
8047	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The texture and heft of the paper were of a lower quality than expected--next time I'll do the textured or glossy finish ones.
240	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect to do a huge board!
2595	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Although I enjoyed this book , it was not what I thought it would be. There was less information than I had hoped for but the information that WAS there was good information. Helpful and original , I really enjoyed the pictures and the tips but thought it could be more informative.
I also want to point out it is a fairly small book, with small writing space. If you're like me, with a big sized handwriting, that could be an issue.
8777	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased two of these and love the way they provide support for my wrists. Very comfortable combination.
Taking the Echo to my basement so I can listen to news while I'm reorganizing all the junk.
8577	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fanstastic
5752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pros: Expensive, fill up quickly, erasing actually removes the pages' yellow tint, so any small mistakes can kind of botch a page.
1781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful calender, can't wait until 2018 starts so I can put it up.
5082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves this journal.  He uses it for work.  Once it's filled up, he asks for another.  Right size, great paper, and works perfectly.
This calculator is solid.  My wife has had hers for over 15 years, gone through several sets of batteries (she uses it daily at work) and it has never malfunctioned even though it has been dropped numerous times.
7519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works fine
5047	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect pen for book, attaches well so it doesn't get lost.
3275	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my classroom. I like that it groups the different tables. I don't really have any complaints about it.
People complement my white calculator all the time, and honestly out of my class of 200 college kids, I've never seen another one.
Not to mention I'm a college student and honestly, it looks pretty cool on my wall.
1303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves these!!! She even noticed that they don't smudge.
-Great binding

8379	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work good enough for me. I ended up getting a free app for my droid the worked better than this.
1395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Buy one every year

2206	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A nice looking bookmark that is nothing new but does what's it's supposed to do! There's nothing much more to say.
6900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product arrived on time!
826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
9043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots of time on the computer at work. Love these wrist rests.  Cool on my skin and soft on my wrists. Would love it if the grey were a little deeper.
9781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works good. Bought to replace a misplaced

Each month is an individual pocketbook and each day contains 20 lines for you to record the birthdays, events, and happenings of that day. The front of each month contains a personal data sheet, a daily and monthly calendar of 2010 and 2011, yearly holidays of 2010 and 2011, one travel planning and one travel memo sheet, timezones, various country information and conversion charts, and an international size chart in case you're stuck in London and need to buy pants.
2293	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quality
2806	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeps the kiddos entertained when we are in the car or out for a meal.

9230	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to the Anker 2.4G Wireless Vertical Ergonomic Optical Mouse
5735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this moleskin address book.  The cover looks good and has a nice feel to it, and the size is convenient.  I highly recommend this address book.

8674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for several years.  I just bought another one for another computer we have.  Not using one of these puts an undue amount of stress on your wrist.  I'm on the computer for hours at a time and this makes a HUGE difference.  I used to have one with a smooth surface but I upgraded to this one with the textured surface.  Both are good but I like this one better.
NOW, this new version is much, much better.  It has 135lb paper, and it takes washes very well without crinkling like the old version.  I did a few watercolor sketches in it, and it held up quite well.  I am happy with it, because now, I get to take a MOLESKINE with me on outdoor treks.  (That Moleskine-cachet with never go away, -nor should it).
The only good thing about this new system is that after you get tired of the crummy little eraser and small lead capacity (or after the click mechanism breaks), you can just remove this stupid adapter and replace it with a ballpoint refill.
6335	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Built this as soon as i got it in the mail. I have been wanting one for so long after seeing them on pinterest being used for just about everything. I got it for my planning supplies. (Im a planner addict) It was simple to build and is definitely sturdy. The color is exactly how it looks in the picture. Im in love!
5537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Moleskine notebooks for many years.  I've also been an Evernote user for many years.  I really like this merger of the two.  Using the page camera in the mobile app is a great way to get my notes into Evernote, not to mention that you get three months of Evernote Premium for each notebook you purchase.

They are small so easy to store for later reference. Periodically I need to find information about something that happened two or five or eight years ago and with a little idea of the time of year, it is very easy to find details, names, events and notes in my little moleskines.
A few other cons:
7148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I previously gave this a bad review but due to my ignorance I am changing it.  I forgot to pull out the seal tab...  duh  After doing that the cartridge works well.  It came sealed so it looks like an original cartridge.  A good deal seeing the go for $160 + on other sites.
7959	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good
5274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If your purse is to full or you're out in nature, this notebook gives you great space for notes and ideas. Take anywhere.
248	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great product
If you're a student I highly recommend you buy these in a few different colors (or at lease doodle/decorate the covers) and use a different color journal for each class. The color coordination part is especially nice if you're like me and have ever grabbed the wrong journal/notes on your way to class (usually in a hurry). These look nice in a bookcase too so you can easily reference old notes for years to come without the mess of loose-leaf or ugly/cheap spiral notebook.
7702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this calculator to use away from home, to balance my check book while out & about!! I think it's perfect, big enough for many to see in case your eyes are in need of big #'s!! big enough to see what button your pushing & yet small & thin enough to put in your purse or glove box!! I also got a bag to fit it in & it's handy to find rather quickly, the bag has a drawstring & clip so you can close it & clip it to anything so if your looking for a bag Amazon does sell them too!!! Thanks so much for the large features & thin enough to be put away!!!
9866	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pleased
8480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I find that this calculator can also be used when figuring out IRS taxes every April. All the digits are necessary for tasks that like.
3710	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have several Wusthof Classic utility knives in the 4.5" to 6" size. This is my favorite. I like the fully serrated style. The serrations are deep like on a bread knife. Years ago I had an Ecko "sandwich knife" like this, but lost it. This is the first good replacement I've found.
8459	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I did not have any real problems but it would be nice if this calculator had a detailed instruction book or dvd with it
2767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are so funny! I can't wait to use these on people that park like jerks!!!
Powered by (4) AAA-sized batteries (plus 1 CR-1616 or CR 1620 lithium battery for backup), the "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is large unit ideal for advanced mathematics students high school algebra to college-level calculus, and statistics.  The TI-83 Plus packs a lot of mathematical punch and the price of $127.00 (Office Depot.com) certainly confirms it.
7179	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a very basic mouse pad which serves its purpose quite well. My mouse moves quite easily on its surface and the pad does not take up too much space.
6132	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I WOULD like this notebook if it wasn't for my bullet journal.
3Com has packaged a proven product in a sexy case and come  up with a real winner.
6684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They worked great.
4769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchase was for my husband. He loves it!
165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves Peppa. I have read this book to her countless times and so have her parents. Great investment.
2321	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
I have several journals that I use to review products and services including two movie journals and a wine tasting journal.  I find them useful when I'm trying to decide what to see again or for the first time or when picking out a new bottle versus an old favorite for a meal.  I'm a book reviewer, been one for years before Amazon Vine program, so I review easily 150 books a year.
  * Monthly Duty Cycle (Users Qty)
7709	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this calculator, big numbers and calculate excellent so easy to use and make my life so much easier.
3639	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The stencil looks pretty, but it really doesn't produce what is pictured. With all the holes, it produces a very difficult-to-see flower. If you study the stencil a bit, you can see that you really need the opposite of what has been produced. Furthermore, you have to use the entire stencil because there is no way to do the edges to capture where the flower "ends" unless you do all the adjacent flowers. This is about 8 1/2 X 11 stencil and just too big to do smaller work. Trying to single out a particular flower is impossible since there is no produced "border."
I think WTF notepads is also the perfect way to vent or relieve the stress(es) of the day.
4429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	gorgeous...love it
4038	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this little planner! My oldest wanted one (10 years old) and this has been a wonderful size and set up for her. If I didn't already have one for myself I would buy one of these for me!
My favorite calculator, I use this one the most out of my collection.  Well worth the $...
If I had one wish it would be that they would make the pages to put in my own planner.  Then I would have less to copy each year and I can add all the little pockets and things that I love in my planner.  I do have a smartphone with a nice calendar and in a perfect world I would keep up with it.  I find that I don't, different reasons for different types of entries.  I like having the paper calendar in front of me to see, flip through, write in, take notes.  Often I am on the phone and have this in hand to use.  Many people love the digital calendars, but for my own purposes, this suits me best.  I hope I was able to be clear about the features of this planner.
1051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice atlas. I'd been waiting for this since they discontinued the stand along NH atlas. Nice features and details. Easy to read and use. I pulled the staples and cut out the pages (and cover) I didn't need to save space and fit it in a smaller location.

8913	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Mouse Pad is fine.  It works.  Wasn't prepared for the flat dent where the wrist rests.  As I look at the pix for the item, it is slightly visible.  Thought it was going to be rounded.  Doesn't seem to affect the support for my wrist so far.  My experience with Belkin products has a good track record.  No difference with this mouse pad.
5002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1131	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These will be very helpful to find the main subjects in my Catechism. My book is the one with a tan cover with orange lettering. Contains 26 tabs which I find easy to install. Even the page numbers referenced in the instructions matched my version of the Catechism book.
2867	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	like it
4637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For an arts consortium with many seasons ahead, they're all covered.  Recommended for kid, but also adults making greeting cards, or putting random images on a piece of art. They are thin, and expensive, but real stencils are expensive, and these are real ones.  They are kind of thin, which is what they are supposed to be.  The box is poorly made.  The stencils will last forever.

Both of these calculators have worked perfectly for the close to three decades I've had them, with basically daily use. I replace the batteries every few years. That's phenomenal reliability and durability, as far as I'm concerned.
6027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There is a serious risk if you buy these: you are likely to get addicted to them as they are handy for so many things. You have been warned. A bit retro but they have become another essential resource for me in staying organized and writing things down, sans electricity.
9747	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Fairly easy to set up, and worked perfectly to send/receive faxes on thermal paper.
3785	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice size ....vibriant colors.....
The lines are college ruled and the notebook has a tendency to fold onto itself. So you must constantly use one hand to keep the notebook open and other to write on it.
1963	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are beautiful. I am going to re-order these just keep them for myself because they are so nice. I saw someone write a review about laminating them to use as decoration and I thought it was odd..but once I received them I wanted to do the same thing!! I definitely will re-order a set for myself to use a decor because I used up this entire set to send out for Valentine's Day. The one thing I didn't like was that these didn't have envelopes, which to be fair, I should have known since they say right on the box "post cards". I am mailing them inside of envelopes though. They are so beautiful, I don't want to mail them as postcards because they probably won't be as beautiful once they arrive at their destination without anything protecting them.
1805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are such cute folders, they are heaver quality so I don't see them ripping anytime soon.
The TI-86 is a better engineering calc than the TI-89 due to its more intuitive menu interface for units conversions and what not.

5364	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is a cool pen that makes a bit of a statement (a really tiny bit of a statement, though) like my Moleskine grid notebook.  If you are like me, however, and plan on using it daily, it simply isn't worth your money because you will deplete this pen of ink too quickly.  Instead, write in your Moleskine with a Papermate Flair (http://www.amazon.com/Papermate-Point-Guard-Porous-Medium/dp/B0006VO194/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1394121715&sr=8-3&keywords=papermate+flair) - I use black but they come in many colors for those who need that.
5330	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nothing wrong with the product, it's just a bit too small for my purposes. I ordered the next larger size and I am pleased with the results.
6165	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is my first Moleskine notebook. Maybe I don't "get it" but what I see is a fairly robust notebook with good-quality quadrille paper. The bookmark is a nice touch, a better one is the elastic closure which goes a long way to preventing in-pocket damage. This package is nice, but it ain't so nice I'd pay top dollar for it.
7727	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Has large keys. The angle of your eye to display needs to be adjusted then you see well.
5754	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good value, would love  stiffer covers,thicker paper
6752	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great planner with great features.
Detailed Review:
8098	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They work exactly as described
3999	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty cool. No problems so far.
6046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Holy crap this is an extravagance.  The thick sheets are really, really great.  Highly recommended.
8853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I give this a 5 star rating because it's comfortable to rest my wrist on as I used. Also, it's not large, so it doesn't take up a lot of room on my desk.
Thanks
within you is exquisite. indian classical merged with occidental music. George's great contribution. 64 is paul taking a spin down memory lane - ballroom dancing, perhaps to really set this album on edge. rita is a mildly humourous rocker. good morning is a
1200	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I really want to like this, but it's just too small!
My favorite thing about it is the edges are evenly seamed along with the size of the paper, check out my photos to get my meaning.
Of course, you will have to use 5/4 rounding when entering in the price that you were given when using the [Tax-]

4000	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My son really likes this set of silverware. He was super excited to get it. It's perfect for toddlers. My son will be 3 next month and had no problem using the spoon and forks. I put the knifes up because he's too young to use a knife. I love the colors! I also like how thick they are yet how light they are. They are also very easy to clean! I really like them!
4436	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I received this product as a gift when I was given my first classroom. They are beautiful, but smaller than what I expected. They will still do for an average sized bulletin board, and can be seen across the classroom. However, they are pretty flimsy, so I would laminate them for long term use.
2.  The brush heads do get softer as you use them, this is good and bad--okay for wine glasses as they get softer.
has lasted 10 years of daily office use without wearing out (probably would last another 10 years or more, but wanted to update color)
7443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this calculator and have used it daily for years (purchased around 2006).  If I took it out of my desk drawer and it was dark in my office, I turned on my desk lamp and held the calculator and it powered immediately. It even powers when held against those pathetically weak energy efficient light bulbs.


6414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ty

2049	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been a fan of Someecards for many years and this calendar is great. There aren't any curse words like on the cards you may find online, but it's still great.
609	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 8 year old.  This is a pretty nice dictionary for kids.  It is somewhat heavy though, so your kid needs to be of a certain age or strength to carry this book comfortably.  The weight comes from the quality of the paper and the book.

1739	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	There is too much packed on each page. Not enough room to use productively. Too busy.  The cover curls backward  into a roll.
-Does feel a bit chunky and cheap in the hand - but probably an advantage for more durability!
4294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Journal to write in...gave as a gift, she loves the leather feel.  Good Buy !
6065	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good


7962	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the orange! Works great for my students
They last.  They are flexible enough to disappear in a pocket.  They are for personal notes, not tearouts for others.  I've been buying them at the local Target, but Amazon has them cheaper and in more colors.  What's not to love?
The TI-30XA is a solid, basic calculator that I like, and it is a great bargain.  I give it at least 4 stars.  I would give it 5 stars if it included metric conversion functions and had 6 number memory storage places (this has 3) like my old TI-55 III.
3815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice bamboo 12" spoon.  Will last a lifetime.  Good buy.
7403	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is my second HP 12C calculator. The first one lasted from 1982 to 2014, and it was solidly built. This new one, purchased in 2014 is already showing signs of pending failure (not due to batteries getting low - I've checked). This one is more cheaply built than my old one, and I am quite disappointed in its performance and the cheap "feel" of the calculator in general. The keys do not have that solid feel to them. All in all, I would not recommend this calculator.
5988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great sketchbooks. Awesome, thick paper that takes well to most any medium. Small enough to carry around. Love it.

4491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a first year teacher, I needed something for my meager cache of posters. After talking to other teachers and looking at what they had, reading countless reviews on this website and others, and comparing different products, I finally decided on this Carson Dellosa Deluxe Bulletin Board Storage system. The reason I choice this poster storage system was because of the less degradeable material and the handles. It's not waterproof, but it is also not cardboard. This storage system does not stand up by itself like the huge and unweilding cardboard boxes, but with the handles, you can make use of that vertical space behind or between shelves or filing cabinets. I have mine between two cabinets that have the perfect amount of space. This poster storage system is plastic on the front and a breathable nylon type material on the back and handles. It will hold large posters and will expand several inches. I plan on purchasing a second one once I fill my first chart storage system up. Please hit the helpful button if you find my review to be helpful. I rely on reviews to help me choose which products to buy. Your feedback will help me provide quality reviews.
8479	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Typical scientific calculator.  Works good. Very fast delivery.
6845	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
6945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pen is a nice writing pen.  Small, compact, and delivers a nice stream of ink.
3234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My First Graders LOVE these for stations! I have purchased 3 sets of these for my classroom! They are very sturdy and well made. Just slip cards into the little clear pockets and you can use them for just about anything! Easy set up for classroom use!
4304	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these books. I purchased 3 for our children- one who  is a teen but had wanted to learn cursive. I wanted to teach our younger children cursive (ages 8 and 6) as they have Dyslexia and children with Dyslexia do better with cursive than with printing. These books and using this methodology teaches the child from the stroke and not from the letter which is very helpful. As well, there is a set to trace and then, to practice independent writing. We are only halfway through the books and the kids are excited as they are learning *CURSIVE* which is a BIG deal to a child (the younger set here) and they can read it far better. As well, for our youngest who opted to up the ante with Dysgraphia, his writing, grip, and letter formation have improved using, "Handwriting Without Tears" even for the D'Nealian print he was initially taught both at home and at school. Bonus!
213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute book.
3117	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute, but my students always comment on how there's not enough words. I wish there was an add-on pack for this.
Very nice.
5261	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This moleskine notebook is useful for mindmapping, doodling, jots, etc. I take pictures of my notes and sync them with Evernote. The pages are a good size to grab and go or keep stationary. A lot can be done with these notebooks. Only issue I have with this notebook is that it can damage easily with extended use.
3244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This Was A Fun Note Pad To Leave Messages Arround The House...About .... Well, Daily Stuff.  Too Small As Letter - Writeing Paper .... It Is A Good Jotter - Size

7135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The $ I put down for my Palm V are some of the best dollars I've ever spent. Really.
7221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great delivery timing and product quality, no issues at all.
5) The more beat up it gets, the cooler it is.

1789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as expected
6313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	moleskine is VERY expensive but VERY good quality. I carry my notepad everywhere, sometimes in my pant's back pocket and it is in great shape. The paper quality is good and it would definitely surpass your expectations. I personally prefer the Moleskine sketchbook (lavander tag) because the paper is 4 times thicker. You can write on it with ANY kind of pen/ink and it will not bleed !
8634	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
This calculator looks handsome and not faddish.  Easy to see the characters on the
8387	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for doing some complex calculations not involving graphing, but rather sin, cos, tan, as well as programming formulas. The buttons are large, the screen is large and easily readable. It seems like a well built calculator. In order to download from their website, you will need their Graphlink USB Cable.
8383	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivery and product as promised. Very happy.
9361	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
7144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great paper. Just what I expected.
7525	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	WAY overpriced. Download the app on ur android, iphone, or kindle for A LOT less money.
3158	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	this is a good product to use for kids to learn numbers and etc. my kids love this and it is good.
Even though it's bigger than most address books, it's not "big" per se: it fits very easily in my desk drawer and takes up only slightly more space than my old address book.
6226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality and easy to write in. I love the back flap where you can store other notes. To me this is the perfect journal size to go in the slots of my laptop bag and to be stored with most books.
8717	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfy!
9171	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable
4123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	CUTE! REALLY LIKE THE PAPER!
7387	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There is nothing that shouts 'quant jock' lounder than this bad boy. Because you would only imagine using this in learning FIN I, it begins to shape your thinking (scary) about how to set up financing calculations. I do find myself at a loss when it is not around I have to think back (uncertainly) through the real math behind 'the brain', but I have found a patchwork solution. After you've bought one of these I would recommend downloading the shareware version for your Palm. That way you'll always have it handy. Amazing case study of embedding an operating system in people's brains.
1494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Nice !  Purchased for my mother, she really likes it too!!!
5605	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This thing is the best.

1972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	*****
2959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gag gift! Provided lots of entertainment at Christmas!
7024	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Before you buy, be sure to check where the pen was made. I have a number of older Cross pens that say "USA" near the top, and they are great pens. However, I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made, and they are of inferior quality. The top and bottom halves are loose, and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap. The first one I got, I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their "lifetime guarantee," only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a "handling fee" attached.
5496	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Enjoy it a lot, I am a copious note taker and use this to jot down all my notes on programming Javascript. Very durable and works well with pencils or pens.
  * None
7082	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the best
5737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted! Something simple I could use for notes around the house. I've got one of these in the kitchen, to record portion sizes, and the other by the spare lightbulbs, to record when I change a light bulb and what type of bulb I use (LED, CFL, other).
5927	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like to have a thin notebook for my purse
7690	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	no problem.
On the plus side, it's got a backing that's so extremely non-skid that you have to lift it up to move it.  And the gel is loads of fun to play with while you're thinking.  I find myself pinching and poking it, and wondering how long it can take that sort of punishment before it breaks or tears.  I don't recommend this sort of behavior, but if you're prone to it, this might well give some scope to your nervous figets.
5969	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous Art sketchbook!!! Much much better than the thin paper one.  Holds up to heavy ink!

3996	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Everything great.
Overall, I would not use the TI-89 for engineering work because it's slow to convert units. The menu system is funky and slow, so converting from metric to SAE takes a bit longer.
4671	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The first thing you notice about this little set of Moleskine calendar notebooks is the heft and solidity, then the brilliant colors, then the inky smell, the clean design, the quality of the paper, the quality of the craftsmanship. (It is worth noting that although designed in Italy, this is manufactured in China for Moleskine.)
And I haven't the room to get into it, but the pop-art of the album (take a close look at it) is fascinating. Big controversy back in its day about the cast of characters who are featured. Can you name them all?
530	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great!!  Exactly what it said.
3762	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Look, no non stick pan will last forever.  I am not talking about your grandmothers cast iron but a modern teflon type pan. I use this pan most every day at least once but often two times.  I don't even try to be nice to it either.  I will sometimes use a metal spoon to stir but usually plastic, stack it in the sink with silverware in it and throw it in the dishwasher. This is my second pan lasting a couple of years each with that abuse so I don't think its out of line to pay the price and keep getting them. I bought the lid for it so this will be the third pan the lid will be going onto. I don't agree with some of the others who say you cant flip (like the pros) since I do this easily enough but then thats me.  The weight and even cooking are excellent. Well under half the price of an all clad which I like but cant pay that much for a non stick type on my budget.
I also purchased the optional TI-Graph Link (software and USB cable).  The software and cable allows one to connect the TI-83 Plus to a computer via a USB port permitting the transfer of files and data between the two devices.
3005	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love this! I've given a couple out already and it always gets a laugh. Wish I'd have read the description because the pad is a little smaller than I expected.
6546	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I had super high expectations for this planned and so far they have lived up. My only complaint its that the paper is really thin, so certain pens bleed through or ink is visible on backside of the paper. Wish they had a more student specific one with like a readings section. Hint hint **
9148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the pad is very comfortable when I rest my arm on its smooth for the mouse to run on it with no problems what so ever.
1738	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very thorough and details galore to write what you need if you are a homeschool parent
3850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a private chef and am very happy with this purchase. The glasses are sturdy and attractive, the spoons are a nice addition. The recipe card shouldn't count as an item though...
6303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the reporter style because it's easier to write in than the side opening book style.  Moleskine quality throughout with this notebook, and built to take a pounding.  Highly recommend this size for everyday carry.  Very happy with it.
6596	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Will definitely buy another one next year. :)
466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great map!  Shows a lot of detail.
7637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great...love the layout of the buttons and it's so sleek looking!
8979	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The gel pad is way too rigid and way too high. I can't use it. But for this price, I don't bother returning.
 Inside the cover you will find several handy measuring and conversion charts. Three ring binder holds eight gorgeous tabbed pockets which are colorful and easy to read. The pages lay completely flat or can be held in a cookbook holder. Never lose another favorite recipe again! Each distinctive, woodblock printed pocket is roomy enough to hold 8.5 x 11 sheets of paper, recipe cards, magazine clipped or downloaded recipes. Tabs are labeled by category such as Fruits and Vegetables, Soups and Salads etc. Theyre different colors and easy to read.
8850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was using my mouse at home and developed a bruise on my wrist and this did the trick!  Just one thing though, I don't think it's a gel pad, it's probably foam, because I've used it for three-weeks straight now and the pad is indented where my wrist sits.  Nevertheless, it's still very comfortable!
Even makes a great birthday gift for a grade school kid .
4022	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautifully-made saucepan that delivers everything promised.
9988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High Quality
4553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these guys! For second grade, they're perfect, and my students are able to use them as a resource! I will be purchasing again!
6574	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	High quality calendar that has simple, beautifully laid out pages.  Excellent purchase.
1807	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	These are very flimsy file folders - not the same quality as typical manilla file folders that you get from an office supply store. They are very cute, and it's nice to have something different and distinctive in my files, but I don't think they'll last long. If you need durability, look elsewhere.

4386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great, came with good instructions.
328	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice!
7792	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son needed a scientific calculator for his math class. This worked perfectly.
9398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Better than the regular pads Thank You from me and me wrist !
3972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Do It All Calendar for the past several years. I like it because it has large boxes to write in.
  * Service / Support Details
I ruin about a shirt per year via ink leaks. This pen is not going to do that.

1608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am quite satisfied with this product.  It works as advertised and the cost was nominal.  I would recommend this to anyone wanting a slow cooker.
5550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really enjoy my Moleskine Mickey Mouse Notebook. Excellent drawing pages.  Great for Pencil and Pen.
5389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for writing about all of the people who get on my nerves. I keep a long list of their infractions.
Pros: Great size... it's big enough to easily identify all states and cities, while small enough to fit inside a standard poster frame. The coloration is very well done; it's colorful without being either too dull or, to the other extreme, obnoxiously bright. Lamination indicates you can write on / wipe off with with a dry-erase marker.
7360	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was an undergraduate in Engineering school in the mid-'70s when HP began to first introduce their RPN scientific calculators, beginning with the HP-35 model. Each subsequent model was received with much fanfare, and it's amazing to realize how basic and expensive those first models were compared to what is available today. But that's how it goes with technology, and after all we're talking about four decades of advancement since those first models were introduced.

5387	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a perfect pen because it is slender and I can put with my table or book that I am using on that particular day.
4832	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
590	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected! It works perfect for holding the forms I need for my after school program.

1780	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought it as a gift but flipped through it. I really like the simplicity to the planner. Its page layout has a space for just what you need. Nothing extra or fancy about it and easy to productively plan your days.
2123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Holds the place in my book and remains right where I left it, every time!  Plus, I like skulls.
6677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are mini and very small. They are easy to use and it comes with a guide to use to line up the tabs nice and straight.
9087	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Belkin makes great products in my opinion, This I am giving 4 stars as it does not seem to have the firm wrist rest that the older ones did, It does have a slight odor when you first open it, but goes away in about 48 hours. Nothing horrible. I would buy it again, as I recommend it and use it daily.
9784	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
6145	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these to keep notes on the field work I do.  Very durable.
7496	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product for class.
Just a few other notes; they did not carry the 6 quart stockpot at my local BB&B, so I couldn't compare that lid/pot size, but the 8 quart stockpot is huge.  Also, the 8" omelette/fry pan is a bit too small, perhaps good for 1.5 eggs for a single person.  One more bit of information which might help you in your other tri-ply purchases- the 3 quart sautepan is about 2"-2.5" in height, about comparable to the stiry fry pan, except that the sides of the sautepan are vertical.
3396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bright colors, very cute.
The key to this or any other staple gun is to keep the base level on the surface that you're stapling into. If you are not level, if you try to staple at an angle or with the base lifted up, yes, you will have problems with consistency. Take your time, level the stapler, press firmly and you will have far fewer issues. (This is what I tell myself every time I'm up on a ladder using it, lol.)
5791	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super cute journal, perfect for those little notes during the day. Love it, pocket sized and very portable.

Then it'd be perfect!
1118	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The tabs are not for my version but I managed to find their spots quickly. It really makes the CCC come alive. For folks like me who are not as well versed as others, it makes the book less daughnting. Looking up answers to daily questions is a cinch now.

7578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ok
8156	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good for photo Xmas cards.
4060	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful stamp. Works best if heat embossing with fine embossing powder.
8543	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The color is very bright and attractive. It has many good functions and is easy to use. The only issue keeping it from being five stars is that sometimes you have to push the buttons hard to make them become acknowledged by the calculator.
1941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast shipping!
8253	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Performs a lot of functions, however has a mixed fractions bug involving PI and the amount of characters you can put in one operation is somewhat limited (around 80 I think).  I run out of room about 40% of the time when inputting data transformation equations.

4902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can you imagine, I wanted paper to work with my IPad?  Well sometime it is necessary to write something, and the IPad just isn't the same as a laptop.  This is perfect!  I can make the misc. note, it is small, looks nice.  What else could I want?  Oh yes, the price!  Great!!
4610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 4.5 year old twins love these stencils!
1745	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Goats in Trees...what more do you want?
6519	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Excellent planner for organizational purposes. Gets the job done and keeps things nice and organized. Would recommend to anyone looking for a journal.
1887	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	It has no tabs, so therefore it is useless to me.  Looks nice though for a book, not an address book--as such I would be eternally hunting and folding pages over.  I foresee this becoming a big mess quickly.
9817	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use so much of this tape for my label maker, for business and personal purposes. Amazon definitely has the best prices.

4530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This worked great! I hung it just behind my desk and now I have a clean desk with everything sorted. I used it with those cool files they had at Target for 3 for a dollar. So useful.
5961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
6524	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little planner.  Not tiny, but easy to put in a bag. I used one of these for 2017 and had to order one for 2018 since it works so well.
Its the student version and pretty easy to use -- key thing being that you regularly clear your work from memory in between TVM problems.
-  It has a tassel
4852	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've used Moleskine notebooks for several years in my research and writing projects. Sure, you can get cheaper notebooks of the same size, but Moleskine wins in the many small details, like the little envelope in the back, the place-keeping ribbon, and the outer elastic band. The paper is always excellent quality.
6779	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite writing instrument, hands down.  Great for signing papers.  You have to watch smearing on some glossy surfaces, as with any pen.  That can be remedied by blotting or putting cellophane tape over the ink.  Comfortable to write with a solid feel.
7585	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	intuitive design, easy to use.  irritated that you can't scroll right in complex equations that have already been evaluated/answer provided.  Other than that it's a decent little calculator.
416	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very large great for anyone wanting to learn states, capitals and major cities.  Needs large area to hang and may cost a bit to frame.
-The flexibility. Since I keep this in my pocket, the flex helps it stay comfortable. The paper also makes it feel less sweaty than my cell phone.
881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted and expected.
8484	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simpy exactly what you need to get though College
3961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like weekly (as opposed to daily) calendars since I like to leave mine out on my desk so I can see what meetings, appointments, etc. I have coming up. For probably about twelve years, I used the Franklin Covey system, but the separate three-ring binder was so bulky that it made it inconvenient to fit it in a purse, and the refills were very expensive. I decided to move to this calendar two years ago, and have been extremely pleased. In fact, this is my third Orange Circle Lily Ashbury calendar, and I love it!
8042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	2 school years and still going. Ordered the green one , love it
As a product, this gets five stars. As a deal, it gets three stars. I'm pretty sure you could go to any stationery store and get these for under $2. However, buying through Amazon does offer considerably more convenience than searching locally for bookmarks.
4811	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the Moleskine, the size is perfect, the paper is very good.  I carry it in a leather case in my briefcase.  The size is perfect.  Big enough to write in comfortably, yet small enough that it works for everyday carry.
If this knife is taken care of, as all knives should, it will no doubt last a life time and in fact probably be handed down to the next generation.
6163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am new to journaling.  I was introduced to it at a workshop where I was given a Moleskine and asked to make notes about various things during the workshop.  I found a connection to writing.  There is something different about pen-to-paper writing than writing on the computer.
9811	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this stapler in April 2011 to replace an old Arrow stapler that was "broken".  Well, it turned out it wasn't really broken after all.  A friend had used my old Arrow and lost a nut off one of the bolts holding the thing together.  After I had purchased a new stapler, I was digging through some boxes in the shop and found an old nut of the right size to replace the lost part.  This fixed the old Arrow but I had already bought the new one in the interim so I put the old one away as a backup.
5114	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good

7520	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good job
7247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Graphics and photos come out crisp and colorful compared to all-purpose printer and copier paper, and text looks good too. Try printing the same image on cheap copier paper and good quality inkjet paper and you'll see what I'm talking about.  It's not so much the whiteness (though that doesn't hurt), it's the finish of the paper. The ink doesn't soak into like it's a paper towel. The graphics will be brighter and the edges will be sharp while using less ink because the ink sits more on top instead of soaking through. Turn both test pages over and you'll see the ink almost coming through the back of cheap paper. Not so with this.
1678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good size, nice paper.  Envelope in back, and closure band work well.
1668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought a few different sets for my young children, they love that they stay in the book and have fun designs.
2018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work great!

5628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks just as pictured. Nice soft cover.
4907	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I think Moleskines are completely overpriced, but it seems that all notebooks with quality art paper are.  Maybe I'll develop a love for them the more I use them.
7115	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	For quarter-fold cards, these are completely adequate.  In fact, Amazon's price and low shipping cost means that you'll come out ahead over buying at most retail outlets.
4281	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful.  I would buy this again.
418	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Got it as a simple gift to a friend. he liked it.. Good product and worth the money, specially it has some nice details for the cities.. the capitals... etc
I love these types of books to relax and get away from the craziness of modern life. I do think there is a sort of zen quality which is hard to explain, and you get a lot of time to think when working on these animal pictures. Or maybe you prefer to listen to a podcast or music. Either way, you can't go wrong with adult coloring books and this one in general. They make a great unique gift for the person who has everything. This one is great for animal lovers, but there are so many different styles from random patterns to architecture to nature things and even famous actors and musicians. Adult coloring books seem to really be catching on the last few years and I can't see any downside to that. Sometimes it's a good thing to get back to basics.
  * Desktop
9055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my right arm loves this item
3129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	for the system, pocket charts and calendar.. excellent product and useable with all hanging charts. highly recommend buying  a few to have on hand to hang other things
4292	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This journal is very nice and better than I was expecting! Silky pages and gold edging...rich cover. It's beautiful and a perfect gift for my Mom. She loves it! I want one for myself.
6168	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these notebooks. I'm working on moving completely over to just using my phone (I no longer guy the actually planners), but there's something about handwritten to-do/to-contact lists. I usually list all of the people I need to call/email (and the topics we need to discuss) on the left page, and I'll have a few different to-do lists on the righthand side. I like the squared version, because then I have nice square checkboxes I can check off when I complete a task (it's a pretty satisfying feeling). It's also nice for taking quick notes in a meeting. I carry this notebook and my phone everywhere, most of the time I can get away with not carrying my laptop throughout the office to meet with people.
7627	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great and simple calculator.
lends to the holiday spirit.  I love them and bought another
9954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice cartridge for my new DYMO!  Great price, fast ship!  Wonderful they come in more than one size!
912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great, readable and durable map. I mounted it on a wall to mark our travels it map tacks. I mounted it on a piece of luan, and framed it with small pictures of the places we'd visited. What a great way to remember people and places!
However, if you write with ballpoints or pencil and not with anything that lays down a wet line, the Moleskines won't do you wrong.
4860	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I find this planner to be the most useful and classic i have ever seen.
1) I love writing in it--the pen glides smoothly, there's only bleed/show through with certain pens. (Like Sharpies, which bleed through everything, or liquid ink pens if I get over enthusiastic with bold lines.)
9474	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	These things are not well made. The main problem is the "hump" that the wrist lies on is not well attached to the base. As a result the "hump" becomes disconnected from the base. Mine fell apart within about 8 months (albeit I used it very intensely [i.e., just about every day for a few hours a day]). The problem is that it is poorly glued on. Belkin should have, at the very least, used a better glue. Ideally it should have been stitched or stapled on. That way it would not fall off.
7111	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a lot thicker than expected, like cards.

Hygienic enamel cooking surface
3321	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was the perfect gift for my friend who needs the daily encouragement and spiritual coaching but I knew she wouldn't open a devotional book every day.
tutor told me  that I don't need one this advanced to get through Trig and
150	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Is a Christmas gift. So can't leave product usage feedback. Book in good shape
9987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
4414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy and quick to apply to the pages of your Bible.  Looks great and makes searching for books of the Bible quick and easy.
2886	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Disappointed as it was smaller than I thought.
3533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good knife
Edit: Ive purchased more than ten of these books over time but today I opened one up to find out the whole of the books pages were upside down with the wider top margin at the bottom. Picture attached. I quickly opened up and checked the rest. None of the others had the same issue.
9938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, good product!!
9123	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This was decently priced and I am happy with the quality.  It isn't the most comfortable thing I have ever used as a wrist rest but it is mainly for my wife and she is happy with it.  It is a good size and looks nice.  Fits a slightly larger mouse with plenty of room to move around.
6359	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing! So cute and easy to assemble!


3976	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very handy, I carry it in my purse to keep me on schedule. Love the size and style.
4456	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

4643	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a large laminated USA map that I could use to plan a 20+ state motorcycle trip, and possibly additional future trips, but didn't want to spend an arm and leg.  This map has adequate details for my needs and was definitely reasonable priced compared to various other options.
3021	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Funny
3709	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had been looking for a nice cake spatula and this one is wonderful.  High quality, reasonably priced, and is a great tool for frosting cakes!  Very happy with this purchase!
8494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cheap, powerful and compact.  This calculator is my "sidearm" whereas an HP Prime is my bazooka.

5042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simply stated, this is a quality product that is hard to find locally (B&N stores carry them). I replaced all my complex time management paper based planners with a Moleskine and the Iphone (premised upon the GTD organizational philosophy).  What a difference.
3092	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this product.  Fast delivery!
8388	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for several classes. Glad I bought it because I tend to use it more than I thought. Definitely need taught HOW to use it to appreciate its value.
104	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	wonderful bible study bag. has plenty of room for study notes, a notebook, and the pocket on front is perfect for my keys and phone. I also like the fact that the bible case is removable. great features. yes it is large, but for study it's perfect for me. highly recommend and have a friend who bought one just like mine because she loved it so much.
- Cute
8755	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Got mine today and found the wrist pad only half as high as it should be. It works ok but was a disappointment.
3140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
6660	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	QUICK delivery!!  Great tabs.

3660	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very sweet baby shower napkins. Most people just wanted to save the napkin for other projects, so I'd say they were a hit!
I don't think you can beat that for a recommendation!

2008	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described
182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good

3002	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These work perfectly on my books.
157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I saw the cartoon show of this book.  great read for little ones from 12 mos on.
1680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Essentials Ruled Notebooks are a great alternative to the name brand books. These books are equal to, if not better, than the higher priced competitors and highly recommend these to those who are concerned about cost.
1730	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I home school in a state with very few requirements but I still feel the need to keep a detailed record of what we're doing in the event that, down the road, someone wants to see what we do each day. The laws may change or, at some point, some type of evidence may be required for college. Our state requires we do school 180 per calendar year, 5 hours each day. While we far exceed 5 hour days if we count everything we do I can easily keep track, kind of like a diary. With the subjects outlined it's easy for me to do back and see what we're not doing a lot or maybe spending too much time on a certain topic.
Lynn Hoffman, author of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Short-Course-in-Wine-The/dp/0131186361/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Short Course in Wine,The</a>&nbsp;and  the extremely sticky&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/bang-BANG-A-Novel/dp/1601640005/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">bang BANG: A Novel</a>
2181	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super nice bookmark.  I gave it to my 11 year old daughter for a gift, because she loves wolves.  She loves this bookmark!

2553	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! great map, great quality. definitely recommend this. don't have much else to say so .....america, america, america, america
6394	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect for what I needed ....
3359	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	loved the owl stickers!

4497	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice bage.  It holds everything well and fits nicely in a small spot.
1197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am certainly pleased with this journal. I as of late been fascinated with leather rustic looking journals, and this one is on top of my love it list. Fine leather and the pages make the package complete. I would imagine this would be very suitable for LARP and Renaissance fair use.
The biggest complaint I have about the pots, and the sole complaint that I can think of, is that the handles on the lids do get a bit hot when cooking.  Just do yourself a favor and grab a pot-holder when cooking.
8647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product
4834	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a book my daughter could fill with drawings and paint and all sorts of adorable art for my husband each year for Father's Day and his birthday, but all of the other books had pages that were too thin to withstand everything I had in mind.  If the pages were thick enough, they weren't large enough for her to spread out.  After several returns, I came to this: it's perfect.  Thick pages and a landscape view so she can spread out.  Again, please note it's a LANDSCAPE view, unlike the picture.  It works for my purposes, but it may not work for yours.
8353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is currently the best choice for STEM students. The textbook-style entry is good enough to pull me away from HP's RPN calculators.
I'm hanging on dearly to my 20+ vintage cross pens more than ever.

9918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good, have used but not as much. Serves good purpose.will buy again.
7139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about using the Palm, but once I started it quickly became indispensible.  I have eight large rolodex files on it plus tons of memos and 'to do' items.  The 2mbyte of memory is still handling it with no  problem.  .........GIVE IT FIVE STARS!
9744	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice fax machine
9256	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable wrist rest.  I actually use it for my elbow while playing on line.
5463	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the sturdiness of those very thin pages. If I gesso them, they take watercolor, acrylics, pastels, glue, mediums. Just handle with care until they dry to get that sturdiness. I LOVE the paper. My DLP worked so well, I'm doing it again this year in the Moleskine.
And then I got to the final page. The thoughts kept coming and the moleskine ran out of room. So I picked up a new notebook by Picadilly. I wrote about 20 pages before the she was gone. I ran out of room. The picadilly never felt right. It never had the same sense of resolve and catharsis. I can't explain it.
9391	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	did not work at all. sent it back and still did not work. the battery works so i am stumped with a expensive paper weight.
1287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pens. Bright colors. Does not smell too much.
9216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
2682	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality paper and stays on the side of fridge, just outside the pantry so I can jot down what I need when I realize I am low on items in pantry or fridge. Wish the print was  a little larger and in black and white....... my eyes are not what they used to be.
6991	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	brought this pen as a gift, the satin finish is good looking and of course i am sure it wrights like all cross pens.
1791	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful folders.  Love them
The percent key ( % ), is located above the numeral 2 and is a second-function. This disappointed me slightly since it makes everyday financial stuff a bit more work.
3079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my nephew to fill out for his mother. She loved it!
2748	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The notes were bent and they were not sticky at all.
299	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely, simple little blank book, and a very good buy.  We use these books for piano lessons and school assignments.  They make terrific stocking stuffers, too.
4727	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskin makes the highest quality notebooks, hands down.  The only slight negative is the price compared to other notebooks, but it is worth it if you are planning on keeping the notebook for any length of time.  The binding is great and sturdy, and the paper is perfect for both drawing and writing.

you remember it forever.  I plan on really enjoying using this calculator.  I would
6'3 224/lbs in March
I need a paper planner for a number of reasons, but the most important to me is that I'm a tactile kind of person and like to hold the book not look at a screen, and that the act of writing helps me remember appointments and tasks where typing does not.
5189	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size, good quality. Meets the Moleskin standard for their products. Will get a lot of use out of this.
8949	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works perfect in office

4246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time. Good journal
7504	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Does the job
3350	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use the Evan-Moor Beginning Geography workbook in our homeschool lessons.  My children absolutely ADORE what they are learning so far about maps, landforms, and continents.  My kids are 5 (Kindergarten) and 3 1/2 (preschool), and while the writing tasks are too difficult for my youngest, she is able to follow the concepts and answer the questions orally.  The materials are presented in a very orderly, very intentional manner so that each lesson builds on the skills learned in the previous days' lessons. The pages are reproducible, so I copy them so that each child has their own worksheets.  I highly recommend this book for homeschool families, and I'm so impressed with the quality and content, I plan to check out more Evan-Moor titles next year when developing our lesson plans.
So why only two stars?
7850	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This calculator work but that's about all i can say. it usually takes several times of pushing the same button for it to register the desired number. That said it can be really annoying to use. If ur looking for a decent calculator I would go with something else. Overall I was not too pleased with it.
1119	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
3025	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little stack of notes to carry with me at work when I need to jot something down

6790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! The Century II makes for an easier pen to hold.
8550	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this at the Big Box retailer that I despise.  Apparently, they only carry this in black.  URGH!!!  I LOVE that it comes in pink.  (Totally would have bought it on Amazon had I known about it.  Every day I find more and more things to buy on Amazon with my Prime Membership, not that I'm plugging Amazon, but I love Amazon.)  I also love that this shows two lines for previous entries.  That was the major selling point for me for when I do my accounting online homework - my laptop computer doesn't have the numeric keys, so it's frustrating to have to use the numbers above the QWERTY keyboard, and it's also time consuming. I love this calculator - very useful.

7058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good value, at least better than regular office supplies stores.  Will see how long it will last.
However I realize you're just trying to find info on the TI-83. My overall recommendation for the TI-83 is: don't bother. It's a solid calculator but pay a bit more and get at least a TI-86. It will serve you WELL into frosh or sophomore year of college (Calculus I-III). A TI-83 will have served its absolute purpose by the start of your senior year in high school.
It is useful as a notebook using pencil or a limited selection of regular pens..  any pen that writes wet will just be problematic.
5138	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine has proven time and time again its intention to provide their customers with uncompromising value.  Their web site is a joy to explore.
8683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband's mouse pad was literally falling apart. This was an exact replacement of the one he had for sooo many years. It's very comfortable and the gel pad helps support your wrist well.

The recipe organizer is rather what you would expect: a three-ring binder with pre-made category tabs (fruits & vegetables; breads & pasta; etc.) It also has several pre-printed sheets for scribbling down recipes by hand, including room on the right for ingredients, and a lined area on the left for instructions. Most of my standalone recipes are already printed, so I'm not sure I'll use many of them, but I do like 'em. (A small note says that free downloadable PDFs refills are available online.) What I DO expect to refer to often is the charts on the inside cover, such as roasting temperatures for meat and an oven Celsius-to-Fahrenheit conversion chart. (I have a few of these, but can never remember where they are.)
4967	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used these in the military and for personal info.
4306	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very very good system esp since most of us are using these at home since the schools have cut out handwriting in the curriculum. Closer to print like letters so it's easier to learn. Not many big loops and flourishes. Really good for boys especially

Copier
2060	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	4 stars only because as the other reviewers already stated, the binding was a bit damaged but nothing a bit of glue stick couldn't fix. The pages are thin and do show through if you're using a pen, but it's not horribly distracting. Overall, I love the design and it shipped quickly. Plenty of pages and would recommend for other students.
5419	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love it. Could be better if it includes some pages for monthly planning. Now I have to draw charts myself for that.

4290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for someone. It is a nice size for a personal journal. It has a Bible verse on each page and a bookmark ribbon. It comes with a plastic cover that it nice and sturdy, but can be easily removed if it was unwanted. Has gold edges on each page which makes it seem even nicer. The cover is nice and supple and is a very attractive color. For such a low price, I am very pleased with it.
2454	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected. Love owls so it's perfect.
3901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a truck driver and use this item to keep track of my paperwork. Zippered helps keep everything inside that needs to stay inside. Nice look and very helpful with lots of pockets for misc. items.
I thought I saw right through her skin. Right through to the blood and veins and they would lead me like a roadmap straight to her heart I did always used to think the heart was nothing more than an overworked organ awkwardly appropriated as the symbol for all things love. The truth was, I was staring at a puzzle. Pieces to a game where she could have been the grand prize, but I could never win. Impossibly sophisticated and ultimately unattainable, her and I will always be unfinished business.
I normally draw with a combination of rapidographs, microns, MUJI gel pens, and pentel pocket brush pens. With the exception of the brush pen, everything else takes almost instantaneously.
8578	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a powerful tool.  It performs so many functions.  I like it a little simpler for everyday use..The intense formularys can be a breeze with this tool. The color keeps it from being borrowed and not returned. (ya know what I mean).Thanks!


2650	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wife love it.
8799	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite as it supports my wrist.

7423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, I've used these for 20 years and I've either lost or burnt out 3 before this and now I just purchased number 4 without a second thought.  The old ones were gold, but this is platinum, but it seems to work the same.  The case is much nicer than those in the past.  It's just a great financial calculator.  If you are a newbie to these calculators, you should find the instruction manual.  Previously, it came with the calculator, now I suppose you download it or buy it separately.  It is worth investing the time to learn how to use them, they do a lot more than add and subtract!
6734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm still having trouble fitting this into my routine - it will take some work.  It was a nice surprise to realize I wasn't wasting half the sheets - this started with the month it was when I ordered.  Not sure how often they update it.  The format seems very useful and practical, with areas for to do lists and projects.  It is fairly sturdy, with thick pages.
9637	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this mouse pad.  I've discovered I need the gel pad to help my wrists from getting strained. This mouse pad works great. Looks great also. Very fast service. I will do business again.

7079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	All good
5339	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely notebook to record memories of my baby as she grows. Soft and sturdy quality. The pages are high quality and easy to write on. The ink does not bleed. The pages feel soft and smooth on your skin as you write.
8157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like these Avery products.  I print birthday, anniversary, sympathy and get well cards frequently and these are perfect for the job.  My cards look professional, even if I do say so myself.
  Nice, classy cover design
5450	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Every year, I buy a moleskine notebook. Every year, I put the important information at the back of it... things like credit card number, special phone numbers, etc. I leave the front several pages blank. When I have to make phone calls, make a decision, just write down information, or anything I might need later, I date the page and start writing. It's been a big help writing out my thoughts and needs before going to see a doctor. I can now feel prepared before walking into the office. On the front several pages, I put an index for the date and what I wrote. This gives me a quick reference guide. I like it that there is the elastic to hold the book together. No more bent pages. I can also clip a pen onto it simply using the same band. This sits by my bed so it's quick and easy to use. This is the size that works for me and every year, I get a different color from the previous year. This year it was the blue color. I couldn't be happier. Great for female or male. This can help keep track of anything that you want
But let's review some facts about them first:
6216	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine notebooks. Until recently I used the black ones with the faux leather covers. However I recently switched to these Kraft brown notebooks so I could customize them.
I wish that Moleskine would make this paper available is a portrait format as well - but in the meantime I'm happy to work in a landscape format. For some reason I find this size to be perfect. It's easy enough to keep in your bag or brief case - not too large and not too small. A very convenient "carry-with" size....which I think is what many Moleskine users have found over the years.
1236	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have never lost my love to color, but am not artistic enough to draw or paint.  This is a grown-up way to enjoy that pastime and feel like you are doing something pretty.  I only dinged it a star for the price, as you can find different kinds of coloring books at Michael's for about $10.  The paper is good quality and the designs on opposite sides of the paper are compatible and different at the same time.  I'm learning how to shade, which I never did much of as a kid, and there are several youtube videos to help you do this better.
2689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I always order some for myself and some for my daughter and granddaughters,  We all love then,
689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift!  She likes the idea of having paper handy right by her phone!
No, it's not inexpensive. But the best never is. I treat myself to the Moleskine indulgence because when I write in any of their books, I seem to take better notes and write with better penmanship - weird, right?
7798	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best calculator for college when graphing calculator isn't allowed
5930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful watercolor notebook. As has been said in other reviews 'larger' does not really mean that big, but it is great for little water color sketches. There is a slight bit of warping to the paper when it gets rather wet, but that is to be expected. The pages have a slight yellow tint as it typical for the moleskines. The only issue I had was that if much water accumulates where the pages are sewn together it can be drawn down into the other pages getting them damp as well, but that is something I should have known better than to have done. And you can't really expect a bound book to not do that.
7449	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as described, great price!
3695	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun to use and makes real show-stopper cards.
4042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for price
2530	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Map is well made and the lamination is good quality.
6490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are perfect for business meetings and keeping track of meeting minutes. It makes it really easy to jot down some quick notes during the meeting.
4249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has a lovely leather binding and beautiful gold leaf edging on the edges of the pages.
6255	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a Moleskine snob when it comes to the standard journals for pen and pencil use..but when it comes to watercolor I am willing to pay a few more bucks for the Moleskines. Just a nice item with decent weight paper. Never disappointing and nicely made.
From my understanding, the cover is not made out of actual leather, but are an oiled paper of sorts that cover cardboard. Even with that in mind, the cover feels excellent and can withstand quite a beating.
9152	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very pleased

I put my favorite fruit, tea and spices into the infuser for a naturally flavoured water that I love to drink.
9352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected
1163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These cards are made of quality stock. The design is a matter of personal preference, of course, but the printing job is quite professional.
So I saw this solar powered TI-30XIIS in pink for sale for about $6 at a local store. The first thing my co-worker said when he saw me with a pink calculator was "That was on sale really cheap, wasn't it?" Well I thought the 2 line display would be an advantage, because now I could reassure myself about my last inputs as well as my last result. And it is good that way. I can even recall and review previous calculations. And I have not had the button feel or button reliability problems reported by many others here.
  OLD TESTAMENT
> The binding is top notch and I can safely say I've never had a page fall out or tear out unless I wanted it to come out.
1413	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ok, it's of the gang! What is not to love.
7737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a well-designed, simple calculator that handles typical four-function math. Large, easy to read display that includes a comma to help ensure long strings are easier to read. The buttons are slightly sculpted which helps ensure you don't hit more than one at a time, and are nicely spaced. The display angles up and is legible in even somewhat dim lighting.
9908	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fast shipping great product will order again when I run out
1623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Victoria Frances work and I actually have this print on a poster.  The bookmark image is crisp and clear, a true reproduction of the larger poster that I have.  The red beaded tassel adds an extra nice touch.
The only complaint I have about this planner (and I as well as others have mentioned this in previous reviews) is that there is not a full month calendar before each weekly pages sections begin. I can't flip back a few pages to see the whole month overview. I've had to go out and buy a separate monthly planner for this. It doesn't work quite as well because I have to refer to another calendar for a monthly overview. So, I'm not sure why they haven't addressed this, as it's a problem for a lot of people who buy the planner. Maybe in the next print run they'll take care of it?

6161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I needed! The journal is in absolutely perfect condition! Will definitely repurchase again and again!
7103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7934	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Typically I order enough ink to last a few months.  When I finally installed this cartridge in my printer it would not work.  Upon further examination I verified it was in original "Retail Packaging" but had been expired for many years.  I never thought someone would buy up expired ink cartridges and re-sell them.  DO NOT ORDER FROM ECO whatever.  My discovery that this cartridge had died long before I received it was too late.  I'm not able to request a refund or have it exchanged.  STAY AWAY
1418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love TWD every day of every year!!!  Good quality and clear pictures.  Could use a bit more variety in characters featured in this calendar.
1800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute!
5624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love all the Moleskine books because they have different features and sizes for all my needs.
fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep clean
6261	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought several of these in both the pocket and large sizes as my husband and I plan on traveling a fair bit during the next few years.  This size is wonderful to keep in my purse along with a mini set of watercolours for on-the-go sketches.
7830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Price and Quality


Some stickers with the names of the months are included, as well as a color-card showing the planner colors and associated months.  My whole-year planner came with a small removable tabbed booklet and a set of iconic stickers, neither of which come with this 12 notebook set, but I never wound up using the booklet and stickers anyway.
3024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hahaha, I love these! Definitly ordering more when my office runs out!
739	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WoW!  Another beautiful bird calendar for me.  When I found these calendars that are still a good size for writing on, I was sold.  Beautiful pictures, this will be a nice year to look at and mark important dates.
9543	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Accurate calculator and doesn't need to be recalibrated. I strongly recommend it.
8636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice mouse pad, comfortable in the hand and its ergonomic. The design of this mouse protect against carpal tunnel or any other hand disease. Thanks
5608	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good
5089	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great little notebook that was the favorite of many creative minds in history. The thick binding adds some class as well as protects your writings and the band is a nice touch. I only wish that the pages were perforated because it's basically impossible to rip out a page without messing up the remaining pages and binding.
3137	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is colorful and flexible resources to post to reinforce language arts lessons related to parts of speech.  Also the children love being able to read them out loud during review.  I would recommend this resources to other educators.
8808	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No issues, product arrived on time and was as described.
3763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been waiting to buy top end knives for years now. Finally Amazon had such a great price that I took the plunge! These are a great set. Elegant in both looks and utility. I justify the price with the comfort that these are a lifetime purchase. with proper care I may well have these knives 20-40 years! My Grandmother had hers at least that long and I look forward to that kind of a relationship with my Wustof's.
1068	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Grandson reads all of the time without doing anything else this will let him know that he read long enough its time for other stuff to be done
868	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this as a science resource for homeschool. It is not a complete resource. It is a great supplement if you have other tools but just not to be confused with a full resource tool for this grade level.
Besides being good for storage purposes, this is a beautiful box. It is basically laminated cardboard, but it's very durable and sturdy and the design is vivid and beautiful in real life. It looks awesome on my desk- it's not that deep (not as deep as the other recipe box I purchased to store the Project Life materials) so it doesn't take up a lot of space. So if you are looking to store a ton of recipes, I might look at other boxes. But the design sort of trumps the fact it's a bit shallow- even my husband mentioned how nice it was (!!)
436	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great,  it is really worth $15...  It is ideal for kid's room,  probably not the best for the office or classroom as the plastic / lamina is rather thin....  Maps is huge 50x32 and quite detailed,  all major cities....
305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this little book. Does not fall apart.
2. It takes a bit of getting used to.
4420	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for kids., my grand is reading from these now.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zondervan-Olive-green-bible-cover-w-Compass-Large/dp/0310806593/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zondervan Olive green bible cover w/Compass Large</a>
5395	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Lots of unnecessary stuff in the front section but otherwise perfect for my return to paper planning after an Outlook incident wiped out a year of notes!
983	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It is...What it is
- After laying flat on the floor weighted down with heavy books over most of its surface for 48 hours, it still insisted on trying to re-roll itself while I was trying to glue the backing board on.
6794	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cross makes superior stuff......
9618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't allowed to use my TI-84 Plus in my financial management class (was quite disappointed). The prices on Amazon are MUCH better then the stores. I got this very quickly and the seller included an extra battery for me :)
9108	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It works.

1) Type 8
9665	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The good:

7961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect for what I needed ....
6350	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't too difficult to assemble in about 1/2 hour.  Would have been quicker except it must precisely be lined up or the screws to place connecting the top basket will seem to be too short until subtle adjustments are made.  That part was frustrating.  I very much like the end results.  The finish is perfect.  The wheels are stronger than most I've had.  Such a useful cart!
217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves Peppa Pig and this book is so cute and fun!  We read it every night at bedtime.  My only complaint is that it's not available in hardcover with thicker pages.  Ours is a little wrinkled now because it's so well-loved.
CONS
7276	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a high quality paper. However, it heavier at 24 lb, sometimes considered stationary weight, as opposed to 20 lb paper, usual copy machine weight, and the 24 lb uses more ink and is more absorbant as a heavier paper. This means this heavier paper may use more ink as opposed to a lighter paper. If you are printing average copies and do not need the higher, heavier weight, go with 20 lb. paper to save ink. Otherwise, a very nice, very white paper.
4354	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have tabbed ten different Bibles and I will go back to this brand. You do have to go slow and cautious with all Bible tabs. Once they're on, you probably can't remove them without tearing those delicate pages. These are better quality than another brand that I purchased recently. These are not flimsy like clear tape. The other brand makes tabs that rip. These do stick to your fingers, so handle carefully. I love the way these are color coded for the different books of the Bible. That alone helps to understand the Bible.


8100	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Needed a caclulator for my fundamentals of engineering exam. I love how this calculator displays the equations and my inputs which allows me to check for mistakes. All around great calculator and has all the functionality of a TI-89, or inspire except for the graphing.
6647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
One thing I have noticed is that the last few I've purchased were Made in China, which was not the case when I first started buying them.  The covers do seem a bit flimsier, but it is still a good product. RECOMMENDED
7809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is the perfect fit for the price and size.  Most of my 9th grade Algebra I students have one.
5936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome... Love using them to draw with..
4703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Late post as I bought this in 2016: I really like Moleskine and this was the perfect size to carry while traveling.
548	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My students use it every day during morning math routines. it's great!!
3442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	item for grand daughter a Kindergarten teacher
2211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the look and quote on this bookmark.  The quality of the paper, lamination, tassel and bead are all very nice.  I think these would make a great gift for avid readers.

9097	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using it right now!!!  Supports the wrist & hand, & looks great on my desk.  I have a wireless mouse, but have found that the mouse's precision is better on the pad.
9505	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	use it constantly.  only problem is the stitching around the edge can come apart ( have to re-sew).  but a good hand/arm rest. very comfortable.
Perfect for the girly girl in every girl and woman. works great and is very cute.
9306	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This calculator does exactly as I expected it to do.  I'm taking finance 300 and needed a good Financial calculator for the class, that was inexpensive yet met my needs.  This one fits the bill, plus it was recommended by my Professor.
NOTE:  It is now 10 mos later.  I finally got it to work with a few quirks here and there.  But today it started showing only part of the display and I've finally had it.  I did everything recommended to try to fix it.  I went to Hewitt Packard and ordered a brand new one from them and it's only a little under $70 with batteries and free shipping.  I am going to complain to Amazon just to give them a heads up.
It provided very good wrist support, until the "valleying" of the gel started and then became worse. Not seeing any similar alternatives, I will likely buy another of these again, realizing I'll probably have to replace it in two to three years again.
2051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always funny, got it as a gift for an office party they loved it!
715	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy one of these calendars every year. I love Lang Folk Art.
7618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected, no complaints.
3199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a teacher and I bought this to store a multitude of extra borders in my classroom. I have many 2 inch width borders that fit perfectly in here. When it was filled, I rolled it up without anything feeling like it would fall out and the velcro straps seemed to hold it together well. This must be rolled and unrolled on a flat surface otherwise there is risk of borders falling out. This was not a problem for me and I believe it was a great buy!
8044	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love the quality....good ink absorption..and a great price!
5867	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These were my favorite notebooks to sketch and write in.. But the quality of these are not the same anymore. The paper are extra thin in comparison to my older moleskine I've had for over 10 years ago. I seriously see-thru. I used a 9h derwent graphite pencil to light sketch and it left a indentation on the other side of the page. I used a micron pen to do some line drawings and it bled through the page instantly. WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU MOLESKINE?? I was so excited to get this, but it's almost unusable - i can only draw on the cover. From some research, it looked like the company outsource it's manufacturing from Italy to Vietnam, but kept the prices at premium for these books. The quality dropped but price didn't. This generation of notebooks are probably rated as printer paper.
1343	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So worth it !
I did not find it to be a hindrance to make copies of the pages where you need both front and back for the cutting/gluing activities. On the one hand, its nice to have a reproducible page, on the other hand, it would be really easy for the publisher to just print those pages separately-not front to back.

5370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notebook. I use it for weekly journal entries and it is absolutely amazing. I use a Pilot G-2 Extra fine pen and it does not bleed through the pages. I will definitely order another when I completely use up my current one.
8392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son needed this for school. The price was beyond perfect and Texas Instruments brand is too notch. I recommend highly.
3655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good. Its not perfect but better than expected. Love how the top rotates. Its easy to fold down and holds 30+ items
8839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wrist is absolutely delighted.
With the art of writing thank you cards going to the wayside, being replaced to text messages and e-mails, make someone's day and send them this high quality thank you card.
4945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for a 14 yr. old girl who likes to write her own song lyrics.  It is a very nice, quality book; looked more expensive than it actually was.  This young gal had been writing her song lyrics in a plain notebook and was so pleased to get this gift.  It made her very happy and warmed my heart to see her get so much joy from the gift.
I also like the softness of the Belkin over Staples. Not a huge difference, but there is a difference, and since I have very sensitive skin I'll stick with Belkin, as long as the price isn't too high. Right now this is being sold for about $7 and the Staples brand (at my local store) is about the same price. So Belkin remains number one in my book. I recommend the dark color mainly because it shows wear and grim less.
5857	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for inking.
8435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice to have a refill for the paper roller.  that is very helpful

2388	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am determined 2016 is going to be MY year and no better way to start off with a new little black book! Only thing that may be different from the the original assumption of the little black book is that mine is ALL ABOUT ME....It fits perfectly in my purse, pocket, etc. A good professional tool and it is discreet. Simply perfect.
3878	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a very high quality set at a great price. I love CorningWare and have used it for years.

7108	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
9441	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Learning how to use this calculator is fairly simple and it helped me get through a class!  If you're looking for a financial calculator for a finance course or simply to have one for home use, I would recommend this one!  If you do decide on this calculator, you can easily learn how to use it by reading the documentation they send with it or by going to YouTube which is full of rich content on not only the calculator usage, but also content regarding finance itself.
The keys themselves are right size for adolescent or adults to.use. I like that this one number keys are white the  comply used functions  are pink, while  the other keys are raspberry.
1182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Thank You Cards from pretty. simple. cards. are just lovely! They are printed on high-quality card stock, and look very expensive. The self-sealing envelopes are a very nice touch, I love them! No more licking envelopes!
4836	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good notebook.  I love the binding cover and the look.  However, the paper in them isn't as good as in other notebooks.  Using a fountain pen or a thick rollerball pen you get bleed-through to the other side which doesn't happen with many other good notebooks.
8189	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my high school junior's chemistry class.  Texas Instruments is a reliable brand, the price was very good, and delivery was fast.  It's too complex for me, but I still go looking for the sine, cosine and tangent tables in the back of trig books if my kid asks me for help.  Oh, well, at least I can figure out the 4 basic functions on this, and the boy assures me it works well.
9898	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As advertised
** 2nd EDIT **
Their music led that generation into and through a liminal world .  Entranced the generation listened, were moved, entered different states, got lucky and then went home changed.
Stays super clean looking
9600	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	If your looking for a good financial calculator this is the one. Have used these before with classmates and they work well. Good amount of functions yet easy to use compared to others I've tried. My only gripe is it does not have solar like my TI scientific calculator.
643	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	DON"T BUY! Most classes you can use the clicker two, just go buy the clicker two. This one was unreliable, I couldn't tell if it sent my answer, and it won't work with all systems. I used it for ONE class before it stopped working, it would refuse to turn on/off when needed. I had to send it back still on bc it would NOT shut off but when I needed it on in class it would not turn on. Don't be cheap on this one spend the extra little bit to get yourself the clicker two so you can see the answer you sent on the screen, see that it sent, etc. You don't want to have to sit in class and wonder if your clicker is even working when your prof uses them as a participation grade! You will have multiple classes to use it in and if your nice to it maybe you can sell it when your done but even so its worth it to have something reliable.
3048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a "can't miss" joke gift for anyone with a sense of humor!  I bought this for my best friend for her birthday - they were making a lot of changes at her job and everything and everyone was driving her crazy.  She would call me just about every day to vent her frustrations and when I saw this while surfing Amazon, I couldn't pass it up.  When she opened it and nearly fell off the chair laughing, mission accomplished!!  She said she took it to work to keep in her desk and when things start getting under her skin, she looks at it, laughs, and the day goes better.

3523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sweet small calendar.
I personally don't like the perforated pages, as I never rip anything out of my journals and it cuts into the margin and limits my writing space by about a quarter of an inch on each line once I get towards the end of the book, but I can see that they would come in handy for other uses.
6481	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used Action Day calendars for several years.  It's a great format.  I've realized that no calendar has exactly what I want, but this one comes the closest.  Several of my friends now buy this calendar every year, as well, based on seeing mine and how I use it.
3071	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great item
5247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great item


I would give it all five stars if there were perforations available to fold the folders for thicker contents. I just fold my own, imperfectly. They are good as-is for smaller contents though.
4858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am an avid fan of Moleskine and have probably 10 different styles and sized notebooks from the company. I love them. But usually I just like the leathery covers, which are more hearty. However, I needed "brainstorming" notebooks for the book ideas and lesson plans I have to find a way to organize, and I was struggling to find a way to keep everything together. These are PERFECT for what I was in need of!
9174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
2112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Handy


It is solar powered with a battery back up.  It has a cover that snaps on the back when you don't need it shut, and there is a cheat sheet for the functions that is in the cover.  I love Texas Instruments, they make products meant to last.  This is a nice quality plastic making it very durable and last a life time.

8362	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my chemistry class.
8538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator [Rare Blue Color]... is Just right for all areas of Math for any age
9606	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is probably my 3rd or 4th of the same model.  I use this pad on a daily basis, started using it back in the days of the roller-ball mice (remember those?) that required a pad like this to work.
457	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality for the price. Super fast shipping and good packaging. I guess it was bigger than I imagined, but that's not a bad thing. Shows countries and cities and geography. I love to look at the world hanging there on my wall.
9582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got me through my finance class no problem. I should probably start investing now.
4950	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice book, nice to write in. decent memo book
4975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality.
-The pages are numbered. There are pages in the front to create a table of contents and pages in the back to create an index.

4069	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good quality.  Takes a quick vegetable oil spray immediately before scooping in the muffin batter without wilting.  Only thing is you do need to separate them and depending upon the humidity in your area (our's is nearly 100 on many days), the cups will stick together so you have concentrate and separate them as you go.
4454	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kinder students love these! Great quality and adds some fun to my classroom!
"Satin" is a nice excuse for what might otherwise be called frosted or sand-blasted.  It's that cheap-looking finish often used in low-priced products to avoid having to brush or polish the metal carefully, and when you see it in front of you, it looks like junk.
6704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The tabs were easy to apply with the directions and template.  It makes it so much quicker to find a reference or to locate a Book
313	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gift!!!
5202	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the ruled pocket notebook and I must say, this notebook is the perfect size for a busy mom like me. Small enough to keep it in my purse, yet large enough to use it at the office. ALL of my notes, ideas, shopping lists and reminders go in this thing. Whether it's personal or work related, I jot it down in here.  I like to keep it simple and not have different places to look for information when I need it.
I received this product in exchange for sharing my honest opinion of the product. Opinion is entirely my own.


3648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice colors.
7093	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The ribbon is easy and clean to install and I have had no complaints from any of the recipients of my faxes. I have had the Brother "Intellifax MFC-1970" for over eight years and it's still going strong.
5.  Great price.
I thought this was a medium-sized notebook (smaller than full letter size, but larger than a wallet...which is this one); turns out I should have spent a little longer looking at the dimensions. I bought the larger version at a local bookstore and should have realized the price was too good to be true for an exact replacement. Oh well, this will turn into a portable travel journal.

1721	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love her calendars, artwork, sayings and humorous outlook!
This is the exact item that I wanted it to be. This is the quality that you would expect from moleskin. The pages are nice and crisp and th protective cover does exactly what you want it to do. The pictures shown are very accurate.
4282	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave this as a gift to relative who finished a year long study of the Names of the Savior. She loves it!! Wonderful gilt edged pages give it the golden glow that reflects the beautiful scriptures at the bottom of each page.
6926	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	a good writing pen, a little bigger around would fit my hand better.
254	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my kids who play "teacher" all the time. They love these and have lots of fun with them.
Thake your time and be careful.
1958	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you like to keep busy when you're waiting, this is a creative and beautiful way to do it!  No time to paint a masterpiece, but still have a need to make something beautiful? This is it. I love the ideas it leaves behind even when the book is left at home.
9235	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy pad. The gel insert isn't too puffy so it actually helps my wrist instead of putting it at an unnatural angle like other gel mousepads I've used in the past. The size of the pad itself is great and is ideal for use at a desk. I wish it had come in other colors, as the black seems to pick up dust and lint, but otherwise this works well.
5728	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent notebook for a nursing student at clinicals where the facility may not allow a tablet or phone; and, you still need to take or review notes.
I've read several complaints about the pages of an unruled version being too transcluscent, but as I have never had an unruled version before, I can't say on that matter. But I've never had any issues with the ruled versions.
4521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product will order again!
Overall, this is a great product and a wonderful value!
896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm adding my 5 stars to the rest of the reviews. I searched many places to find the right large scale world map and found many that were much more expensive than this one. But this map is truly wall covering size, has a quality laminated cover, and all for a very low price. Some have commented on the color scheme (on the several similar versions on Amazon), but this is definitely not the bright colored map that would be suitable for a child's room. The actual colors are a little different than the picture, but as I sit here and look at my wall I see rich, muted browns and greens and tans. It fits well with the dark, woody, den type atmosphere I am trying to make. This is a great buy.
  * Media path type
9347	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my mouse

8803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It definitely makes holding the mice much more relaxing. Works as expected.
9371	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good stuff
The only downside for me is hanging it in my home. It's not the most aesthetic home addition.... I hang it from a tension rod and use those link clips in the holes. Then I take it down at the end of the day.. or whenever we have company.
The writing action is, as far as I can determine, about equal to the older pen; there doesn't seem to have been much of a change in the filler roller balls or ink.
4353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the color and it's great for our five bibles.
I deducted one for the price for what you get, deducted one for misleading listing and deducted one for the fact that you have to cut them apart yourself.
Excellent delivery time as well.
If you have haggled with customer on price and want to let customer purchase item for, say, $150 after tax, key in:
4564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these name tags for the desks. I teach first grade and these are perfect. I don't use the self adhesive because they don't come off easily. I use clear contact paper to attach the name tags to the desks. I keep re-ordering same ones each year.

3518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased as a gift and it really brought smiles from the recipient. It is much easier to send this type of fun gift rather than try to ship a bottle of wine and it included items that added to the fun of potential entertaining.

1601	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like to mash potatoes right in the cooking pot, and my old wire masher scratched up my old Le Creuset pot pretty badly. So when I replaced the pot, I got this masher, which has a silicone coating. The first time I tried it, I was amazed at how quickly and easily it mashed the potatoes. I think I was done mashing in less than a minute. And no scratches on my shiny new pot, either.
2826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good!!
At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead.
I skipped buying the level 1 and 2 sets because set 3 includes all the words from all 3 Site Word videos. We already read alot every day, so I don't think it is a stretch for my child to understand all the words rather than doing a slower "build-up" by buying the first 2 sets.
So, its a TI Scientific, how can you go wrong for around 10 bucks...
4472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
7198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A+
9968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Reliable.

2582	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really love this book as well as Dina's other journaling book. There is also a companion Facebook group. This book gives you ideas and lessons you can use right away if you are a beginner and even if you are a veteran there are always things to learn.
1636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are so cool. I love that I can mark several parts of my bible.
-----Full-week with goals, to-dos on nicely organized page that sat flat with the metal spine
663	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Very nice looking, but cheap quality and depth is NOT same as most others. Will only hold half recipe cards of other types.
5693	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There are many things that I like about this version of the Moleskin.
And for my family room, I found these:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kichler-Lighting-70723-Table-Lamp-2-Light-Portable-Aged-Brass/dp/B001OF7UJ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kichler Lighting - 70723 - Table Lamp - 2 Light Portable - Aged Brass</a>
 The new calculator was lightning fast. I will miss that but I returned the 12C for a refund.
2593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots of good information and inspiration in this book.  It is easy to read and has great information for any level crafter.  It makes a great reference tool to refer back to when necessary.  I highly recommend.
5243	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a notebook of great quality, but writing in it is not that comfortable.

9847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect transaction! They fit fine, no problems. I like the blk with clear the best.
5831	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are the bigger journals with blank pages. The product dimensions are correct as specified in the description. The covers are cardboard. The pages are manila/faded yellow and are thick enough not to allow bleeding with most pens. Their look and feel is great. There's also a pocket in the back of each cover. Worth their relatively high price.
5468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good notebook byt I like the Business notebook better.  Great for evernote
5367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really attractive springtime-colored covers.  Usual Moleskine quality and paper.  Would buy again.
4240	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality journal.
4929	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and the perfect combination of blank paper and staves. I was looking for this combination for a long time, and to find it wrapped in such a nice quality binding is just an added plus.
If you are looking for a solid, reliable calculator, the HP12C may be for you.  It's programmable.  It does basic statistics well, and many business applications too.  The manual makes sense; you will be up and running in short order.

4799	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good quality, a little hard to use the large size.
824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
I read other reviews that  indicate this isn't gel, and shame on Belkin for false advertising if that's the case. However, my wrist doesn't seem to know the difference and is just happy to be able to mouse about with no pain.
If you're on the fence, I'd say go for it, these are a lot of fun!

1434	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good info
3428	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great chart
These days optical mice are so good they'll track on anything, but I still like my Belkin gel pad, and as long as they keep making them, i'll keep buying them as I wear them out.
1499	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most beautiful books I've ever seen. I'm looking forward to making it into a hand-written calligraphy copy of the Gospel of John as a gift.
2352	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very useful
716	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hi, Beautiful! I love this drawings. They are folk art and inviting scenes of life. I have gotten this for a few years. I am saving the pictures...great art. Great calendar also.....moon phases and holidays..easy to write in squares. Well made/thick paper and sturdy opening to hang it up. I appreciate every picture...very nice/beautiful/exciting to have on my wall. Happiness....
I like and use the large section to the left of the weekly pages for lists, notes and bits of Journaling. I find the lower sections at the bottom part of both pages not applicable for how I was using the planner. I'm working on using these sections to note my honeydo list and children's chores in the delegation section and longer range plans in the goals section.
5697	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Use this as a diary. pages are good sized and has a nice book mark. Only think I wish it had was the year on the cover.
-Light. Less stress for our kitchen shelves.
5744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my wife to replace old address book and introduce her to Moleskine products.  She loves it and now is a convert to the brand.
9008	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very very happy with this product. High quality and worth the money.
3766	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with my purchase.  It works great and makes our clothes look like they are professionally ironed.  Wish I had purchased two now!  My daughter wants one just like it and it's not available anymore???
I would suggest some improvements a few things, however: devote a full page per month for the monthly calendar section, use darker ink for the dates on the front and back cover yearly overview, and have a second ribbon bookmark so I can bookmark the week and my notes in the back as well. These changes would make a great planner ever greater. Overall, I highly recommend!
5277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There are very good reasons that Moleskine is justified in calling their notebook "Classic," and everything about it, from its compact size to the quality of its pages, shouts those reasons to the attentive user. And at a discount like the one this fine seller offered, the Classic Notebook is also the Irresistable Notebook.
My daughter (7) and son (5) each have a hydro flask for school.  One is pink and one is white.  My daughter is pretty good about keeping things in shape.  My son is careless.  Anyway, each of their bottles have chips in them after about 3 months of use.  The chips are along the bottom of the hydro flask.  It looks like the paint or outer coating has come off.  The flask is still functional though, so they still use it.
7825	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good calculator
6133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Moleskine products for years.  I have tried the imitations and found them always lacking in the quality that is attendant to a Moleskine notebook.  If you want quality, buy the Moleskine.
When I originally bought these they were around $3.00 for three, and as of this review (3/29/12) they are almost $9.00. They're handy little notebooks worth checking out at $3.00, but at $9.00 they're a complete waste of money, especially considering how bad the paper is.
4.  Using fountain pen:  The photo that I have uploaded contains two pages using fountain pen.  Because of the paper's thickness, doodles and writings from the previous page does not bleed through.  Also, because the surface is pretty smooth, it provides an excellent surface for fountain pen.
5442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use this for school.
5040	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As anyone who has used Moleskines knows, their quality is great. I thought that I would go with red for a change-up over the typical black Moleskines, and it sure stands out. Nice to shake things up once in a while. Moleskines continue to be my preferred choice for keeping notes, planning, and journaling.
3954	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	My biggest gripe - I failed (my bad!) to read the full product description, instead relying on the short description printed next to the item, and did not realize the calendar commenced in August of 2014. I would not have purchased it if I had known this. I had assumed I would "lose" January-June, and still have 11 months remaining...instead I will only get 9 months of use out of the thing  - and for the price I paid that does not seem at all fair.
8603	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this calculator about every day, there are hundreds, thousands even, of programs you can download from the internet to help you with everday things, especially if you are a student. I would highly recommend this calculator to anyone. I've dropped it many times, and still works the same as it did brand new. This is such an improvement over the TI83, with more memory, and an apps button. Everything is really fast, even graphing complex functions. The graphing function is a great help if your a student, find intersections of graphs, linear regression, and more.
6239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine makes great products!  I use these books daily to keep track of my tasks lists.  I only write on grid paper, so this is my favorite Moleskine product.  I just wish the grid paper books came in more colors!
6225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to start watercoloring. I got the idea to get a pocket sized journal and do one tiny watercolor painting each day from a friend. I wanted the daily planner for 2016 that had blank pages, but couldn't find it at my Blick store. I saw this and decided to try it instead.
4164	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	GREAT FOR LEARNING


7615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't really like these calculators, LOL... I need to go to calculator school....these things are beyond me, give me a piece of paper and a #2 pencil and let me go.
9375	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute as gifts
9646	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought an identical pad 6 years ago and have enjoyed the comfort it affords my wrist. I'm still using it -- nothing wrong with it! After buying a new computer I decided to buy another one of the Belkin WaveRest pads. It looks and feels exactly like the older one but upon removing it from the packaging, the room suddenly smelled like a warehouse full of tires! I've been airing it out for several days now and the smell isn't quite as strong, but I haven't started using it yet. I suspect the odor is a result of it being manufactured in China, but that's only a guess. Except for the strong smell, this is a 5-star item.
5721	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good notebook. Kind of expensive. If you are just taking notes for class I do not recommend this notebook unless your rich as all get out. I go through notebooks like toilet paper. If you take notes in class just get some reinforced college rulled paper and a 3 ring binder and your good.

7374	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	work great!  I would order again.
841	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is a remastered version and it seems that not all the original songs are on this, also Paul's voice overpowers everything else, someone should tone him down unless it was his idea hmmm....... I will not buy any remastered versions again.
3787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	tiny yet so convinient.
Cheers and Vidimo Se!
6915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great!
just what i expected
If you want a beautiful planner with inspirational quotes and lots of sections keep looking.  If you want a simple straight forward planner that will help with excellent record keeping by you and your student- get this one.  Heck, at under 6 bucks it isn't worth the trouble to make your own.
They are really a wrist saver.
if buying now invest in the newer one.
5702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely set of three traditional Moleskine Cahier journals in three muted colors - purple, yellow, and pink. The journals are the 5x8 size, and each page is ruled and acid-free. The last few pages of the books are perforated for easy removal, and there's a pocket in each of the books.
665	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like the set up of this binder, however, you honestly COULD make your own at home.  The organizing tabs and pockets are actually really nice though.  If I could change anything, I would personally make it a bit smaller.
1005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Well written!

9236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	pay the extra bucks for this little mouse pad
7475	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	TI does it again. Great.

Previous reviews indicate there may have been shipping issues that resulted in damaged maps. I'm pleased to say this was NOT the case with my order (and more recent reviews also indicate Amazon has fixed the problem). The map arrived securely rolled in original plastic wrapping inside a very strong-walled shipping tube.  PLEASE NOTE:  I purchased directly from Amazon... so I can't speak of how any third-party seller is shipping.
6197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite thing. I live with my planner. If anyone is using this for a planner and doesn't know of this system yet- I highly recommend looking up Bullet Journal .
1773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is truly a great planner. And its so much more. You have daily and weekly and monthly goals. I can see where this planner will keep me on track through the year. Its so well payed out. Also great customer service and really fast shipping!
4920	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I simply use the squared version more.  If I were to buy this again, I'd get the soft cover.
1164	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved the product.  Thanks for the quick shipping.
4476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They look great, very bright.
9105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The cushion area is the perfect height, is comfortable and provides arm relaxation while typing and I spend all day long typing!  also it does nto slid on your desk so that is nice!
954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great map!  Using it to mark my travels.  Decorative and will look nice hanging in our home!
6422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This Bible marking kit is great. The selection of products in the kit are wonderful. It arrived quickly and the price was super.
7902	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly. Product is as pictured.  Easy to use.  Needed it for my statistics class.
7784	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The terrible keypad on this calculator ruins all of its good points for me. Keys are sloppy, don't provide any feedback and are very easily bumped without knowing it. The calulator has a great price for a nice basic scientific calculator. It perfoms all of it functions flawlessly. Replacing batteries is easy. I just can not stand using the thing because of the horrible keypad.
1582	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I used these on my son's first birthday cake (construction themed). They were really cute, but seem to be made of thin plastic so I won't be letting my son play with them.
147	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Granddaughter liked!
478	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is huge! It's great, it is a large size and all of the major cities are well marked. The muted colors help demarcate states while not being too showy.

3920	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like many others I researched and comparison shopped.  I went to All Clad first because of reputation and I could afford it. But did I really want to pay that much?  Looks, fit, feel, heft, these are all quite subjective depending on one's taste, pocketbook, strength, and size.  Unlike other comments, I prefer the handle shape of Cuisinart's Multiply line over All Clad.  All Clad's scooped handle is tippy in my smaller hand and the upturned edges press uncomfortably into my palm.  The Cuisinart's fit better, feel better, and are more stable in my hand.  Mirror finish inside and satin outside, or the other way around (All Clad), again a personal taste issue.  The Multiply's satin finish offset by the mirror finish is more distinctive to my eyes.  When I looked at them side by side, I preferred the rivets on the Cuisinart's than the All Clad, they looked beefier but are they as strong?  My biggest question was, are the Cuisinart's going to last like All Clad and unfortunately no one knows.  All of these pots cook great if used properly so it came down to cost, comfort, and looks and for me, that meant Cuisinart.  I have gotten so many more pots and pans for the money and if they last half as long, they're half as expensive so if I have to buy them again, I figure I'm still even!  Besides, half of the fun is in the shopping, once you have them, enjoy your choice and don't look back.
7130	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Well packed. Meets expectations.
7318	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter-in-law has been wanting a globe for years.  She received this for her latest birthday and seemed very happy with it.
This is a great tabletop or wall map. We are very happy with it.
1441	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am going back to school for my Master's and I found this to be a very useful reference sheet.
A couple of things I would point out: the Echo is a tight squeeze into the base. And if you don't get it a just so, the Echo will sit a little off kilter. Because this adds a few inches of height to the Echo it also makes it more apparent if its sitting at an angle. So, you may find yourself needing to finagle it a bit.
1587	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This works great covers my mountain bike but it is really labor intensive getting the sack that it comes in.
5803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fast!  Product as described.
3172	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	helps for when you want to organize all you border choices!
7006	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this pen by mistake .. I really meant to order the rolling pen, but bought this without trying it, and I HATE IT!  It's truly the worst pen i've ever owned.  I've tried the fine refill, the medium and now the broad, and they're all bad as far as I'm concerned.

8069	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Like to make my own greeting cards and these are just the thing.
2578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great map. Just what you would expect from National Geographic.
"Man-size" keys, which are still not overwhelmingly large, which a person with the largest hands, and also one with the smallest, can use
6353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
Note:  When I ordered both of mine, they were offering free shipping - deal!  Prime shipping was not offered on this product but the company offered special free shipping and although it was shipped via postal service which I dislike, it was delivered two days after shipping.  Excellent!
4714	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a moleskin notebook that I've used for sketches, and was looking for good gifts for a friend who is a very talented artist.  I liked this red cover version, since the ones I've had were always black.  She loved it and I hope it goes to good use, filling up with her awesome drawings!

4897	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pocket-sized.  Great product with a great reputation and name recognition.
Like seriously this planner is great. Paper quality is good. Hard cover. It has two bookmakers. It's a good planner. I do wish the weekly time table went from like 5am-9pm instead of 7am-8pm. I usually wake up before 7am and I know a lot of people do. Just a minor complaint but everything else is nice about this.
These little notebooks are the answer.  Can't believe I didn't run into them sooner.  They achieve excellence through elegance.  Simple and well-made, they do their job without fuss.  A few things I like about using mine:
3626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price and quality to use at a bridal shower.
8790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Smooth and comfy.  Firm under the wrist, easy to clean.
The construction is sturdy and most have survived years of use unscathed even after the occasional dip in red wine or other liquids.

686	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	cute

5970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful notebook. I love moleskine products. Lovely soft leather
3772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
5433	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Top notch. Highest quality. Smooth paper. Folds over itself easily to make turning pages a joy and closes soundly. Rubber band does loosen over time but doesn't bother me or detract from quality; that's the nature of rubber--it's gives at some point. My daily carry for noting and journaling.
6836	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite pen, If only you carried the 9MM pencil.
  For short-term projects, I simply place a Post-It note sticky tab at the back of the note book and keep all the notes together there ... once the project is done I remove the pages and put them into a more permanent binder/folder.
4983	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	For the price Moleskine is the best value and quality. Great for notes, journaling and drawing.
7195	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7007	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used a cross pen for many years.  I will never loan to someone who needs a pen.  I have list many pens this way.  SEH
Actually self-therapeutic.
7359	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm completely satisfied with the calculator. The picture was of the actual calculator I received.  (I had assumed someone obtained a batch of used calculators from a school and was re-selling the ones that were still functional and that the picture was probably just the pick-of-the-litter.)
5935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT product, as described. FAST shipping, very satisfied. A +++
3618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's the BEARS, I love it!  I've ordered one every year for years.

Once you "exceed" what the calculator can do, you're probably doing discrete or linear algebra. In that case, you will need a computer anyways.


11	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for a gift
6012	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a 9 year old and he has truly enjoyed it.
7268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good paper, at an affordable price.
9925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great products! Will buy again!
475	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have this map on the wall in my office and use it to plot where I have traveled on vacation.  When I see an area that's "unmarked," it gets added to the bucket list.  Easy to clean, has lasted well (4+ years and lots of vacations!)
1142	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These calendars are my favorite. I didn't get one for Christmas this year SO I had to order one for myself. Can't live without them. They bring happiness and color to my life.
916	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Detailed and lots of information.
White, SgtPepper,Revolver,PleasePleaseMe,RubberSoul,MagicalMystery,withtheBeatles,HardDay's,AbbeyRoad... but it's really difficult to get the damned discs out of the White Album!

1922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my classroom for one of my word walls. Regular sized index cards fit perfectly in them. I would definitly buy again.

5667	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what I needed.
6696	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fast turn around.  Part was as advertised.
4463	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the item is great. Thank you!
p.s- my printer uses ink way too fast.
4630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking for an activity kit that my daughter would enjoy and kind of the same thing I used as a kid.  This is it.
8116	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pros:  1.  Menu system easy to work with: custom menus, where you store 15 of your most-used functions are available.  2.  About 96K RAM, which is a lot of programming space.  International and symbolic characters are included.  3.  Full range complex number crunching, plus a great polynomial solver.  4.  Built in constants and conversion factors are available.
1.  Wide mouth is perfect for stews and other soups
This calculator feels solid and well-built.  The "case" is a piece of sliding hard plastic that slides onto the top side of the calculator to protect the keys.  On the inside of the case is a card that explains various math functions.
9186	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this, very comfy


395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good deal!
7499	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was the only scientific calculator that was on the approved list for my daughter's seventh grade high school algebra class. She has used this all semester and loves working with it. And you can't beat the price.
9393	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is the poorest product I've gotten from Belkin. The gel pad is very bad. When you push down in the center of the gel pad it will inflate the texture on the mouse pad, it looks defective almost. Then some of the air is out of the gel pad, so it's not really round. I would say this is the worst mouse pad you can possibly buy, but it was a cheap price so I can accept giving it 2 stars.
9807	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've used Arrow products for many years. This insulation / upholstery stapler is useful for many heavy-duty jobs, and just what I've been looking for. Makes quick work of messy jobs. Good product.
9674	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work with my mouse. wrist rest is great but, have to keep another mouse pad over it.
9935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great item
This is my second address book.
A warning to  those buying Palm V's, though. It takes time to get used to it! I hated  grafiti (the "handwriting" you must use for the Palm to recognize  your input) at first, and found the miniscule on-screen keyboard a pain.  Additionally, I saw no real point in keeping a to do list and ALL my  appointments on the thing. After a month of forcing myself to do so,  however, I was hooked! After really taking the time to get familiar with  the thing, I use it on the order of twenty times a day--far more than I've  used any other device (digital or old-fashioned pen and paper).

7607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
7375	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	works good
340	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	WOW!! Is this thing big!! Beautifully done and very legible. Excellent, striking addition to our homeschool classroom.
4188	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A handy tool.


848	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is impossible to adequately explain to someone not around forty years ago when this album was released its importance and what it meant to so many of us. The Beatles were at their height. In the U. S., it was before the assassinations of Malcolm X, Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King when all the world seemed young and everything was possible. It was more than just world class music, it was a social and cultural phenomenon. There had never been anything just quite like it before. It helped define the 1960's.
There is an area to place the bible that is much like a book cover that is firmly attached to the "bag". You can fully unzip and open your book without taking it out. Great feature for quicker easy pack up and go. The outer cover is stiff and keep its overall shape. The small pocket in front fish mouths a bit for lumpier items and the handles are sturdy.
The final part of the book is a pocket, I guess for receipts or labels.  There are a number of stickers some are for the undefined tabs, others are to decorate your reviews.  There is also information on how to download templates that would be pasted into the book.  I'm not sure that the binding would withstand too many pages pasted in.
8364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for school
141	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	If you're looking for something high quality don't get this. It's a piece of paper. It wasn't well wrapped in the packing and was just shoved in the box. The box was wet upon arrival and the paper was mostly ruined. I'm unable to use it in my classroom. Wish I had gone with something better quality. It looks better in the picture than it does in person, especially when wet and wrinkled and doesn't come with the necessary items to attach the arrow (that I have to cut out on my own). For what I paid for it I definitely expected more. My kids like it and like the look of it. It's just not sturdy enough for a classroom. I'm going to have to attach cardboard to the back and hope I can iron it flat now that it's dry. Not sure how long it will last. Also have to go shopping to get something to somehow attach the arrow so that it will turn when the kids change the weather each day. Ugggh. NOT my best buy. Don't recommend it. It looks great, just not high enough quality for a classroom, especially one with younger kids (K - 2nd grade).
7208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best paper for epson, bar none

5263	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have consumed more than half a dozen of these Moleskine pocket hardcover notebooks over the past few years.  Overall I'm quite disappointed in their long-term performance, especially for the price and all the marketing hype.  I guess that's what these come down to - pure hype.  They tout names of famous writers like Hemingway and Chatwin almost as if they actually used their products.  I know for a fact that Ernest Hemingway died before the Moleskine Srl *brand* of notebooks came into being.  Sure, the old writers used to use "moleskine" or leather-bound notebooks, but they were handmade and undoubtedly of better quality.  These aren't even leather bound; they are bound with some kind of plastic simulated leather.
3831	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was about to buy a large quantity of napkins from a local seller, but then checked Amazon.  I found these for a great price, and they were just as good quality.  I realized how overpriced the local seller was, and bought many of these.  They did the job, and looked great while doing it.
6156	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R18S5U10QIFPJP" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1hJ%2B0q3QmS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81HNDPiZkIS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I ordered this for my husband because he is constantly writing down project ideas on pieces of paper he
I think it would be crazy to complain about a book mark
  * Max Resolution ( B&W ):Max H-Resolution BW
9670	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I already have a Texas Instruments BA-35 Financial calculator that I purchased back in 1993. It has served me well. A few weeks ago I misplaced it. After two days of searching, I gave up, and purchased this BAIIplus to replace it.  Luckily, I found the BA-35 a day later.  When this new calculator arrived, I was really disappointed in it. First, it FEELS CHEAP...second, it is HUGE and CLUNKY and has a very awkward hard shell that you must REMOVE then snap onto the BACK. It took several tries to get the calculations sequence figured out...there are some minor changes from the previous calculator.  I will use this as a backup, but it is too large and I hate that pop-off cover.(the old one is slim, and came with a nice flip-open vinyl case, with an interior pocket where I keep the instructions, should I need them.)

5885	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great paper and superior binding.  A great notebook.
I was hunting for maps large enough for a 6 and 10 year old to look at and comprehend, but cheap enough to be replaced once things change or the kids did too much damage to it.
Bottom line, this calculator rocks for ordinary and advanced math (as long as a graph is not required) but sadly the "facelift version" has a limiter on the input speed, which affects me daily.  Check the dates on some of the highest rated 5 star reviews.... this was back in the era of the original version that I still have at home and love.
8436	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator, works well and i never have to worry about changing its batteries.
2359	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very efficient book for the money
8112	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calculator. Has a polynomial solve function so I never have to do the quadratic formula again!!
8130	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this for my class schedule.
7153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Top quality paper.  It was noticeably whiter and the 24lb paper felt great.
I actually bought a TI-89 around soph year of college just to complement the TI-86.
2517	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought the 48x73 inch map for my husband. It arrived in great condition. It was not laminated, which is what I wanted. It will look amazing in the glass picture frame I am going to buy for it. The map looks just like the picture and is exactly as described.
This is a well-constructed, solid planner small enough to not be cumbersome and big enough to be useful. While I am a huge fan of my cell phone apps, nothing beats a pen and paper planner that you can jot some notes in while you are at your desk or monitoring student passage between periods.
4130	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are larger pages than i was thinking. Almost as big as my hand. Pretty cute for a teacher to put up on the wall with her students names or something. I actually purchased them for my niece to use. She loves owls and wanted some owl paper!
1613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have switched most of the light bulbs in my house to energy-efficient CFL (compact flourescent) bulbs -- except where I had three-way lamps.  Three-way CFLs are hard to find, expensive, and lack the long life that can turn them into money savers.  But with a fixture like this, I can use CFLs of different wattages, or I can choose to light one or both bulbs, depending on my needs.  This fixture is attractive and high quality, though the antiqued brass is a bit darker than I expected.  Highly recommended!
6664	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I daughter put this tabs on my bible and I loved it because I find the verses real easy and fast.
4556	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Came quick and as described!  Nice name plates. Love the resources.  Line to write name was hard to fit some of the long Hawaiian names, but I made it work and I suppose that would be true for most name plates!
3937	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	There is a book that describes how it feels when someone says something good to you.  It describes how it feels when someone says something bad to you.  Filling another persons bucket with a compliment makes you happy and someone else happy.  This is a visual reminder to say nice things to your friends.  Students can write notes to others and put them in their bucket.  Good writing activity too.
9905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Combined with the Dymo Labelwriter series of label printers, these clear labels are a solution to so many label needs, I cannot fathom why I did not get these sooner!

  Nice paper

968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful map sadly unable to use it due to it being too big for the space we hoped to put it in.
719	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this calendar and have also purchased it in previous years.  The illustrations are so beautiful and timely to the month displayed.  Excellent quality.
7816	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calculator.  Needed one for a college class and loved that I could add some color to my supplies.  It works great too
8236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchase these cards frequently to make my own birthday, Christmas and other holiday greetings. This is the best price I have ever paid for them and they arrived quickly. The cards themselves are of high quality and help me create a final product I can be proud of.
-The bookmark is very handy for automatically flipping to an open page, or bookmarking an important one.
8093	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  Makes great cards.
9552	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No issues, just what the doctor ordered. On time and on target. Would order again. I do not like writing reviews and will not do it again with this stupid minimum word count.
2988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This ingenious pad is so cute and such a great way to apologize without actually having to face the person to say that awkward sorry in your own words. You get to lift the mood with humor and say sorry at the same time! The size is just perfect for me and I look forward to using it the next time I have to apologize for something.

9033	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This item was the perfect choice for the Logitech M570 wireless mouse that I use.
7846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got it as an advanced "teacher's edition" calculator to use in a classroom in addition to occasionally working out complex vehicle designs for a tabletop RPG (GURPS Vehicles has the reputation for a reason). It's extremely easy to understand and intuitive if you have the least bit of skill with technology.
6672	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Hated them. They were so cheap looking and difficult to put on so i didn't. I would never have bought them if picture had not been misleading. Not worth putting on my Bible. Don't buy them get ones that are not so flimsy.
So, it is a bit confusing, the grand, very grand annd imposing picture of Downtom on the calendar cover, the very cute, and  the very well-chosen patterns, colors and arrangements of the calendar pages themselves. But, the photographs for each month are really not that exciting, indeed are a bit lackluster when  considering all of the drama and excitement that could have been represented in the pictures, and there really should be some text added to explain the occurrences in the pictures to non-Downton  fans.

Since the price of GOLD is on the rise, it is indeed puzzling to fans of the HP12C, why HP did not release a genuine HP12C gold 25th anniversary model for the fans to mark the occasion, if replacing the discontinuing the HP12C GOLD is the intention READ ALL GOLDEN RULES above.
1458	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm shocked at how nice this is. It even has a new verse for each page. The front and back are hard covered and the spiraling is wonderful.
Unreservedly recommended.

Lastly, I did own  a Black and Decker rice cooker which was basically worthless compared to  this. All my experience and feedback would suggest that this company is so  far superior, it isn't worth considering other brands.
HP is a much whiter paper than the hammermill and colors appear to be brighter than hammermill which appears to print deeper colors. It's more noticeable as the paper drys.
9006	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice, but needs substantial space.  For me, the wrist area is a tad too high, but it is a very nice product.
6241	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	When it comes to personal notebooks -- that is if you still can write with a pen or pencil -- then a Moleskin is the cat's meow. What I like about the squared (or graph paper) variant is that it's more versatile -- I can write out notes, draw storyboards or precise geometric shapes and forms or create checklists all within the underlying squared rule template.
food, just fill it....snap the klips shut, pop up the vent tab on top, set the microwave for a couple of minutes
919	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great for topography. some stronger contrast of colors among states would be okay
2944	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gag gift for someone who spends a lot of time in an urban environment.

7342	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it!

I have been using Moleskine's products exclusively since 2004.  In my demanding profession I use quite a few notebooks per year and I prefer the Large Ruled Notebook.  The pages absorb ink without the need for blotting. In addition the pages seem to be low in acids  (I won't say they are acid free) meaning they will not deteriorate quickly and are close to archival quality.  The page weight is consistent with high quality stationary.  Some used notebooks I have stored are over >six years in age and the paper is still colored and conditioned just like a new one.  My notebooks have been bent, twisted and subjected to the elements.  None has ever failed.  I have seen many similar notebooks on the market but I have found that Moleskine prices their products to be fair and competitive for personal and business purposes.  No one has to settle for less.  Five stars without hesitation.
I also like that you can download free templates from [] templates (something that is true of all Avery products).  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:
409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3HUUQLZI1EFLS" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1DyFwdUcfS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81DQVsvvCLS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My package arrived in 2 days (Prime) in a long, 4"x4"x36" box.  The map itself was rolled in a plastic sleeve and there was a modest amount of packing material in the box to keep the map from shifting around. My map was in perfect condition when I removed it from the shipping box.  Kudos to the shippers at Amazon.
1. Assumptions. Moleskin's designers assume the user wants to organize what she reads in alphabetical order and predetermines a set amount of pages for each letter. This is useless. Both scholars and general book lovers have favorite authors that will likely fill more than the allotted pages, while other sections go unused. In addition, this "feature" eliminates many other ways or organizing your reviews (e.g., year read, year written, genre, etc.).
7018	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Writes easily and fits in Day-Timer.
1021	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I should  have looked at the size...it's a bit small for all the information I was needing to record....but it is okay - nice - product is made good and the service of getting it was great -
  * Rack mounting kit
9328	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super comfortable
  * PC
I am very happy.
8959	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this mat, I don't use it for a mouse, I use it for my new logitech m570 trackball mouse.  I needed somethng to keep my wrist up. this pad does that. I wish it was 1/2" higher, but I'm good with it.
All in all a high end plastic portfolio.

7632	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good
3690	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have these on subscribe and save along with the lavender scented sticks.  I've started using incense more frequently to cut down the costs of expensive scented candles.  Plus, I like the way the entire house gets permeated.  I feel like I'm in church all the time!  Everyone comments when they come in and want to know what we're 'smoking'.  The only thing that's 'smoking' are INCENSE STICKS!  And great ones too!
Other things that I like about it is that it is cruelty-free (no animal testing), sulfate-free, PH balanced, mostly organic, and made in the USA.  Another reviewer gave it low marks because it was felt to be misleading regarding the sulfate-free claim.  I certainly don't claim to be a chemist; but everything I've investigated says that the surfactant used in this shampoo has a significant enough difference from "sodium laureth sulfate" that companies are allowed to use the sulfate-free claim.  "Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate" (which IS in this shampoo) is a sulfate derivative that's more gentle than actual sulfates.  It's my understanding that most (if not all) shampoos have to use some sort of surfactant which is what does most of the cleaning/conditioning of the hair.  So, I personally feel fine about it.
5090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have found that most Moleskine products are filled with hundreds of useless pages. This calendar's layout is efficient and thin enough to fit in a large purse. I originally wanted the smaller size, but I am happy with larger size. I love making lists, so it's perfect!
981	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map is a gift from me to my husband.  He immediately hung it on his wall.  Now he marks the trips he has taken with one color pin and the trips on his bucket list with another color pin.  The map is laminated so finger prints easily wipe off it  and it looks very attractive in his office.
2097	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Expected the card to be less flimsy, but bead string and ruler on the back is nice.
This small lightweight cable is easy to travel with.  Use it to sync your laptop or connect to any  other serial device.
1423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent calander, I mean it's The Walking Dead! More awesome pics of the cast :-)
6397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	so far so good. they don't bleed which was a concern. colors are great and I love that they are double sided for thin & thick usage.

5357	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Poor product and overpriced. I bought the pen as a companion for my moleskin.
Listen, Pauper's bookmarks are great.  They have great images, quotes, and are of a industry standard card stock and lamination.
Though I see other  ergodynamic versions are available, I truly don't believe that there's much  to improve on -- this tool is pretty much perfect.
1831	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect accent to an otherwise busy border used on my bulletin  boards.  Separates border and helps to feature student works.

9636	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this gel mouse pad as a bday gift from my friends back in 2001 or 2002 and until this day I still use it!  Although it is pretty worn out because after all I'v had it for about 10 years and I use it for hours each day, it is still completely functional.  It is a really great mouse pad, very durable and very comfortable.  I cannot imagine switching to a regular flat mouse pad.  If I use a regular flat mouse pad or no mouse pad at all, my wrist starts hurting after about 15-20 minutes.  This doesn't happen with the gel mouse pad because it keeps my wrist straight.  I highly recommend it to anyone... or if at least not this specific one, definitely use a mouse pad that has the gel wrist support.
8016	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Still going strong, use it everyday at college and work. Two thumbs up to the seller...
8212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am disabled and don't get out much.  Before I had to think of the month ahead and what I would need a card for.  Now, I can just print them at home anytime!  This paper makes the cards look like they were bought in a store!
5366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, little bleed through, I'd really like to see a dot grid version!
1591	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted, great for salads.  They are large and hold a lot of salad, I don't know about soup but great for salads.  They have been through the dishwasher and all is well.  Fast service, good value and would reccomend them.
3423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love all of the non-christian holiday options. Very appropriate for our diverse classroom.

181	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Expected a story book, amd instead this is a transcription of the same thing as the TV 12 minute vignette.

4139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just cute notepad for inexpensive. Would but again.
  * Curved
5683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Business note book, light weight, well pulled and works great with Evernote
5010	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pocket size

8314	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought a new scientific calculator because I had my previous one since high school and I had all of my old geometry formulas scratched into the lid with a dry pen.
9365	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I've had this gel wrist-rest/mouse pad for a couple of months now.

5940	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these cardboard covered Moleskines. I make oilcloth covers for these and love how thin they are to throw in your purse or even a pocket.
 The other issue with this binder is the recipe sheets. They are very plain and look very cheap like a sheet of computer paper. They do allow you to fit 3 recipes each sheet between the front and back and it is nice that you can go to the website (galison.com) to reprint more sheets as needed, but the quality of these sheets doesn't match the quality of the binder. I plan on tossing these sheets out and getting more attractive and colorful 8.5 x 11" recipe sheets.
7801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great  tool for the HS and college student
3433	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice wall calendar. My students like to help keep it up to date. If it had a marker for "TODAY" it would be nice. I use a post it note. There are a lot of holiday cards that I don't use. It does have the number cards to help with the over laps of months. It has a handy pocket at the bottom to store cards that are not being used. It is big enough to be read anywhere in the room (when they remember to look).
4373	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for the tabs in my bible, very easy to fine the chapters that I'm looking for. very easy to use
8768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this product.

2950	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good fun if co workers or friends have a similar sense of humor!
7379	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice calculator for the price. My son needed something for school testing and this is very simple and straight forward, small and light, and the buttons have a nice rubber texture to them. Works great!
4791	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As always: a great product
2954	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	FUN!!
6624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Great quality. Make sure you triple check before sticking it down. Take your time with placing these and you will be satisfied with the results.

7059	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Hope this performs as well as the last HP toner, and lasts as llong. And they added a compatible as well - I guess to try as a replacement product. - update to review --
9625	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This LOOKS like the original Belkin WaveRest (which cost $8). Looks only. The material is different. Not as fine or nice. The pad? Not as soft and gel like. Too lame. And what's with the bar under the pad? Why is that there? I can feel it under the pad. It's annoying.
209	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loves the book.

5964	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Plain and simple notebooks that can become anything you want. Quality paper.
8727	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable wrist rest, good pad.
7873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My original cartridge ran out and I bought this.  It was easy to install and seems to work fine.
3796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent service  received as described
These knives, this one in particular, is extremely well build and fits my hand perfectly.  The balance is almost perfect in my opinion and it has that certain feel about it which is very difficult to define, but is never-the-less present...you know it when you feel it...sort of like hitting a golf ball perfectly right on the "sweet spot," it is hard to describe, but you sure know it when it happens.
5234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine fan/collector for life!
9090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it.
9542	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This was great
The gel pad is covered with a nice low friction material, is wide enough so that your wrist isn't stuck in one position, and is neither too hard nor too soft for comfort.  The part of the mouse pad where the mouse runs wild and free is also covered with the same low friction silky material so the mouse can be moved easily.  It is also cut wider at the top so that the mouse has more room to move, while your arm doesn't have to move as much.
5.  Other instruments/media I plan on testing in the future:  Dipping pen and brushes with India ink, colored markers and pencils, watercolor and acrylic paints.
6352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I heard about this IKEA product on an Organizing Facebook group, decided it was perfect for "coastal theme" master bathroom but my local store didn't have it in stock.  I tried to order online from IKEA but the turquoise/aqua color was out of stock. Ugh.  Ordered on Amazon and it arrived in 4 days via FedEx.  I love it!  Three deep shelves that hold a ton of stuff.  I have rolled bath towels on the bottom shelf, 2 cloth bins that are the height of the shelf to hold hair products, hair dryer and flat iron on the middle shelf and the top shelf has an organizing bin for makeup covered by a tray on half the cart, and a basket with wash cloths rolled up on the other half.  It makes the bathroom look like a spa and when not in use, I roll it into the corner and it looks great.  Very pleased with the color and the ease in putting it together.
Beautiful illustrations each and every time
8905	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this mouse pad.
in plastic that is removable
8977	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My son uses this and says the edge is a little rough and it stinks. Neither problem is serious though but enough to take a star.
Its got some cute embossing on it to remind you workout :) atleast thats the motivation it is giving me each time i look at it.
4723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love moleskine notebooks! I usually use them for drawings. lots of doodling and some finished dawings.
-The size is perfect for large pockets and doesn't take up much room at all.
1015	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and a perfect size for purse or small area.  Plenty of space for all information.  I am vision impaired and can write large enough in it.
And I haven't even found any of the cartridges for it, That cost a buck a piece. Had I known this, I would have bought something else different.
2694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I received this pad on time and it was used as a doctor's accessory for a murder mystery. The outer wrapping was a bit torn but the pad was okay. I would recommend it even as a gag gift for a doctor!!
7923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect just what my granddaughter needed for science
5567	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	PRINT QUALITY INTENSITY IS TERRIBLE!! EVEN WITH GLASSES ON -- VERY HARD TO READ.  IF NOT FOR THAT THIS COULD BE A 5 STAR ITEM.


This change is not reflected in the product details.
3014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Every school secretary needs these!
6849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very Good. Thanks
9795	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have four staplers in my wood shop, and this model is absolutely the best one.  I find the ones that you need to squeeze with your whole hand are awkward.  You cannot go wrong wqith this stapler.
7171	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The title of this review is harsh but, at the time that I purchased this cartridge, it was listed as "new" and the word "re-manufactured" did not appear anywhere in the description.  I was careful to order this one particularly because it was listed as "new."  When it arrived and I opened the bag, the cartridge was covered with toner.  I cleaned it up and installed it in the printer.  From the outset it left toner "skid marks" on every page.  Since it was a "new" HP cartridge, I called HP to tell them of the problem.  They asked me to confirm that the drum in the cartridge was green.  "Yes," I said.  HP: "It doesn't have a blueish cast to it does it?"  "No,"  I said "it does not."  That is when they informed me the green drum indicates that the cartridge is not theirs.  I have purchased reloaded cartridges before and they are far better and less expensive than this piece of junk.  In reading other reviews, this appears to be a problem with Amazon and, while Amazon gave  me an immediate refund and paid for the return shipping, I am still disappointed.  The reviews indicate that most make the same discovery, but decide to keep the cartridge because it works alright, apparently not minding that they paid way too much for it in light of the fact that it is re-manufactured.  Someone is making a lot of money dishonestly selling these things as new and, since Amazon has the power to police this, I hold Amazon.com responsible.  So, Amazon, are you going to police this nor not?  By the way, I now have a new, genuine HP toner cartridge purchased elsewhere...
Moving my Echo into my kitchen to listen to music while the family watch TV.
9294	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you like a soft fabric mouse pad that's not too big get this one. The wrist pad for it is great. It's pad is firm but not too firm and it's also not too high like other mouse wrist pads I've tried. After a few months of use the pad has even created a permanent contour for my wrist like memory foam (only permanent). So it might not be the best if it's shared but maybe that doesn't make much of a difference.
2975	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good buy for a Manager Survival Kit Promotion gift set.

7980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for school work and exams.
This journal is highly recommended for anyone wanting to keep their memories fresh and possibly share them with others.  It would make a wonderful "camper warming gift" for your family or friends purchasing a new or new to them tent or camper.
1628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just needed a clip for my daily planner and wanted something that wasn't a paper clip but was flatter than an office clip.  These fit the bill perfectly.  Also with the different colored background you can see that when looking at the edge of the book which helps me with organization.  They aren't real strong magnets and will only clip 2-3 pages together but they're supposed to just be used to mark you place, not clip things together.  They work perfectly as bookmarks.
5939	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great to keep your memories and bucket lists.


4803	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Good value. No issues with delivery.
6246	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love Moleskine notebooks for watercolor and dry sketching.  This particular one is a much smaller than I'm used to working in, but still a fun book to have.  Moleskine always has awesome paper!

5417	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used these for several years.  They perform well, provide good quality and will probably be in my arsenal of writing materials for a long time.  Well spaced and the paper is heavy enough to avoid ink-bleed.
9246	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
5654	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a journal with Darth Vader on the cover. Should it be more than that?
Update 01/06/2015, after several years of use:
9544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I am using this brand and type of product. I am in LOVE. My wrist thanks you Belkin, and I thank you. This is the most comfortable and durable wrist gel mouse pad ever. I also love the satin cloth texture. Highly recommend.
8393	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice calculator my 6th grader uses daily. This was on her school list and I was pleased with the price and it is a very nice item
Overall, it's a great quality book that works absolutely perfectly for my needs.
I use it as my analog notebook when too lazy to take a laptop.
32	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect case for my daughters bible. She loved it and it has really helped to keep her bible protected.
3769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	prompt service and quality product
9266	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Used these for a long time, first introduced to this back in college. Has most functions anyone will need.

569	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it, use it daily with word blending and more. don't have to use sentence cards yet as the tabs are big enough to hold regular paper cutouts. The bar on the bottom is great for curl prevention. Would not hesitate to buy again.
Looking forward, a GOLD 50th anniversary HP12C Anniversary model would be very nice for the fans.

8476	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For kid for school - I probably have one lying around somewhere but this way he has new with instructions for school.
6144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a popular notebook item for professionals, quality is good, and shipping was quick.
9971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great buy I used alot of this tape it is excellent!!
9056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my new mouse pad. It lays flat unlike some other brands out there. Feels comfortable on my wrist and the mouse glides along on the pad.
4702	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this address book to use as a drug reference in the hospital my clinical year in vet school.  It is the perfect size for my white coat and there are enough pages to use for all species.  Great buy!
4608	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for small fingers. Durable and easy to wash.
I give my kid a star sticker to put on the book each time they read it without help and we're advancing nicely.

3713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was happy with the product, just never used it. My nephews interest moved on.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Siemens-Gigaset-2425-Expandable-Cordless-Telephone-System-w-Mailboxes/dp/B000JRCHXC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Siemens Gigaset 2425 Expandable Cordless Telephone System w/ Mailboxes</a>
4515	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are a beautiful accompaniment to bulletin boards.
7828	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great.  Only issue is sometimes I need to push harder to input numbers, which can get worrying.
  * Max media size

6771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty sure title should say it all! I absolutely love this planner. I'm glad I purchased it when I did because I have quickly realized that few years into college, and harder classes + job shadowing + 3 job juggling + making time for fun all are important!
6095	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for Pocket or Backpack. The paper is tough so it won't tear easily. Tough little note pad.
I could emote of the wonders of each song. Today, "Lovely Rita" is my favorite on "Sgt. Pepper" but tomorrow "When I'm 64" might be the one. Depends on the moment. But each song is completely different than the previous, meriting much value for this album.
I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website.  However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.
-Easy to clean
1199	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good binding for the gatherings, great cloth paper, great leather. It's a little small, but I still filled one up before moving on to a larger version.
9934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, sticks firm, print is nice.
This is not only super easy to get you started it is reminiscent of the days when I went to the library as a kid. The
2966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We had such great fun in the office with this notepad. Be careful..may not be HR appropriate.
1266	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fits in shirtpocket
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zondervan-Olive-green-bible-cover-w-Compass-Medium/dp/0310806607/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zondervan Olive green bible cover w/Compass Medium</a>&nbsp;- Recommended for Scout Handbooks including spiral bound
2014	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These have very weak magnets, barely holds on.  I don't like them at all.  I thought they would be more like an Olyi clip and be much stronger.  They barely hold 1 piece of paper.
1817	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This has worked out just wonderful! Cleaned off my desk and I now look organized.
8444	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thank you
2212	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful book mark. Such a detailed piece of "art" with the bead accent . . . I almost don't want to put it in a book! I'm a fan of wolves and this is a keeper!
220	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old is a huge Peppa Pip Fan! Very cute book!!
2679	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute prescription pad for play. I bought these to supplement by 5-year old daughter's piecemeal "doctor's kit". She's just learning how to read and write, but she doodles on them at the moment. I will buy again once she runs out!
3493	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	ok

The only issue with this book (and many others that try to span multiple grade levels) is that the information advances too quickly. I suppose if one completed a single page each month for the span of K-2 it would be perfect, but the activities sutable for a kindergartener would certainly be boring for a second grader.
7517	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 or 5 of TI-30X calculators scattered around the house for ease of use. The calculators have changed in appearance since the 1st one purchased years ago (and county of origin), but have the same durability, long battery life, and ease of use. I like this particular calculator over the more sophisticated ones I also have because the most frequently used functions are addressable without having to use 2nd or 3rd function keys.
95	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The deminsions were on the 'outside' of the product!...not the inside, where the zipper is...to open the product where the bible goes. The bible should be at least 2" less around for comfortable fitting.
6698	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like these tabs. Convenient and they help me to find the minor books of the bible that tend to be a little harder to find.
2777	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	smaller than expected
What I do like about this calendar is the extra events marked on the calendar, such as meteor showers, moon-planet conjunction, planet oppositions, lunar eclipses, solar eclipses and major celestial events.

8221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nothing to complain about with this calculator. It's cheap and reliable. I bought one of these from Walmart when I first entered middle school and that same one is still working today. That's roughly 11-12 years. The only reason I ordered a new one off Amazon is because I forgot to bring it with me to uni. This model also comes in a ton of different colors. Great Product.
3864	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife needed a needed a new note portfolio, so I got her this a few weeks ago. She absolutely loves the color, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the stitching. All in all, it was a good purchase for us.
6997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think this is one of the nicest writing instruments out there at a low price. Sure you can spend hundreds of dollars on a pen, but this one has a great feel in your hands. If I could just figure out a way to get people to stop stealing my pen so I don't have to keep buying a new one LOL
This unit on the other hand is very large for a calculator.  Don't get me wrong, it is GREAT, but it's qwerty keyboard will make it a problem to use on standardized tests and it's screen is actually pretty low res and hard to read compare to the newer TI-NSpire CAS.  Still, the 92Plus is great if you want to go retro and don't mind the very large size.
7857	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
7297	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A long time ago I bought printing paper that was too thin, I used it anyway, it had 500 sheets, and weighed 20 lbs. It took me a long time to use it up.


I find it very easy to explain other countries sizes and locations in true perspective compared to a flat page with a picture of the earth.  Think  3D and tactile vs. 2D flat.  It does seem expensive for what it is but so do most things these days.  At least it is well made.

But I doubt others would have the same problem as me since my handwriting is an outlier terrible.
4445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect

9545	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Calculator was a great deal and does just what I want. In fact, it does MUCH more than I even know how to calculate, so I have learning to do.....but I like that!
2849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute. Funny. Everyone in the office makes copies or takes one to give it out
9325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, very durable
2.  The top has crevices that trap liquid & food particles and must be disassembled to get it clean
521	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite agenda.
2655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for a long time.  They are an awesome way to track your day and plan
1956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased most every book on Zentangle that I could find.  This one was another good one and I will keep getting them until I have them all.  What a wonderful way to "calm down".  So much less expensive than therapists.



722	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was in the middle of last year, that I spotted this perfect planner on sale. I was not happy with the one I had. So I threw that one away and started using the new one.  It had everything I needed in a planner.  So  this year, I looked for and found another one like it.  There's a place for notes and addresses; birthdays, anniversaries. A place in the back to stick bills or whatever. A place to write a quick appt and a place for notes on the sides.  Or if you're like me, I like to have a bigger place to write more .  This has both.  And the beautiful painted pictures throughout the book  brighten up my desk.  Well, worth the price .  I highly recommend this planner.
Just the one single goal. Do it. Done.
9300	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good deal!  Comfortable and good quality.


9257	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Do not buy this product if you're sensitive to chemical odor! About couple of years ago, I bought the same product, it was fine, no strong odor. Ordered this one and it came with a STRONG chemical smell. I left it on my balcony hoping the smell would be gone after a week. Nope! the smell is still strong after I left it outside to air out, even after a week.
3441	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff!!!
846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	SGT. PEPPER'S RE-ISSUED EXACTLY LIKE THE ORIGINAL 1967 VINYL RELEASE ,PLUS A POSTER ! Lyrics in English and Japanese, Special Inserts within THIS Japanese Import DigiPak Eeition.
4758	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pocket companion for quick notes and reminders
3479	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy to read and use; larger display. Has an on/off feature to preserve battery, which is a great feature. Beep is loud, which is also excellent!
4615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
Each stencil sheet contains numerous images- everything from sealife to animals to decorative objects to flowers to fairy tale objects to transportation to letters to numbers. While the individual images are small (1-3 inches- definitely will not fill up a whole sheet of paper), they are detailed and very easy to trace around and transfer to paper. My five year old was THRILLED with this box and much prefers it to any of the $2-5 each stencil sheets I have purchased for her.
i would recommend.
1122	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for anyone who will like to know better the faith. Very handy to find what you are looking for in the subject of study.
2863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great check list for anything important that i need to get done on certain days for the week

2963	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are exactly as described. I am glad the dimensions were included. It is easy to read and a great deal of fun to hand out. I have ordered more because I am going through them so quickly! As fun to give as they are to receive, I have yet to encounter a recipient who wasn't thrilled to get one. Everyone could use some encouragement on any given day. This product helps me quickly provide encouragement and amusement to others.


8807	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
The Arrow T50 Heavy Duty Staple Gun will come in handy for lighter household fix-it projects, too. Next up: re-tacking  some furniture under-coverings that have worked loose. Then, I need to fix a couple of old window shades that have pulled loose from the roller. I think i'll go get some lighter gauge staples for those projects-but the local hardware carries those, also. I'm expecting many long years of faithful service from the Arrow T50 Heavy Duty Staple Gun. You cant go wrong in adding this to the household toolbox.
I really enjoy having the dates on one side and empty notes page on the other -- since i like to write myself to do lists for the week this works out magnificently. I also love the look of the book, very classic and looks great in my purse.
6781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this pen almost a month ago. I am very satisfied overall. The pen is a bit shorter and thinner than the Townsend model so it makes the weight a bit lighter. The gel refills are the best I have written with. Very thick  and wet much like a fountain pen. This is the pen model that President Trump uses. If you can afford one- get one!


5717	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Have been using larger notebooks at work for years.  This is a good quality, small alternative.  I really like how the thin the cover is.
6055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The perfect sketchbook, light weight and professional. Made specifically for people who are serious about their studies, art pieces, or organizing their thoughts.
5070	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Items arrived as described, timely manner, the good quality I expected.
8206	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Does the job just a little on the expensive side for what they are. Still cheaper than having someone print invitations or cards for you.
4859	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you're reading this review, there's a good chance you've owned a Moleskine product previously. If that's the case, you get exactly what you'd expect from these Cahier journals. The paper is the same make and quality as their hard binding products and the "softback" type as well. The binding on these is a lot simpler and is similar to to a simple magazine binding (the type that uses staples in the center, not the glued type) except these are actually stitched together, which makes for something of a rustic feel. The cover is a pressed cardboard material as opposed to the typical Moleskine leather-type substance. It is durable and unlike the typical cover, you can actually write on these with typical writing instruments (pen, pencil, etc) which can be quite useful for personalizing your Moleskine. I rather like this style of cover and own both the red and the natural brown kraft. The red is a bit more muted than the red leatherette Moleskines, but it still has a very rich look. There is a flap on the inside back cover for storage, but don't expect to put a lot back there.
9914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I label everything, within reason (I don't need to label like doors or walls or such, we got that stuff figured out!) This is my favorite of the variety of colors they have. I take a lot of medications with my disability and use a divided vitamin bottle for my medication so when it is time to take them I am only grabbing one bottle for all. On each section I put the name of the drug and dosing instructions so anyone can see what I have to take and how much, should it ever get to the point that I cannot do it for myself. It also works well to label the power adapters and wires for my computer, TV, cable boxes, security system, etc.. I can't even remember all the places I use this but it's used all over the house! My handwriting is no longer legible so thank goodness for this, nobody has to decipher what my scribble means!
2138	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This was for my staff as a thank-you for all you do... They loved these book marks.. but they are a bit small!
If you've had problems with Moleskine paper in the past and don't mind the larger size, you are definitely going to love writing on this paper. It has become my journal of choice.
They slide in and out of the pages well, and never fall out.
9725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husband quit his job of 31 yrs to become a Property Manager.  This allows him to store rental applications and any necessary items necessary for meeting with potential tenants.
Go do yourself an indulgence and a luxury, buy a Moleskine!
2.  They may move a little.  I don't think they would fall off altogether, but i haven't used it that much in a bag or something.
3616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	super cute and the polka dots are great fun.  it is small so i will use it for sauces/gravy.
3118	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This was much more confusing for my students than I though \t it would be.  I was hoping it would help teach them sentence structure but instead you must really be able to already make sentences no problem to be able to use this correctly without an adult telling the child each and every piece.  Maybe once my students get the hang of sentences then they will find this interesting.  For now they just keep adding pieces to one another creating a mess.
5545	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm really happy that Moleskine finally started making softcovers with different colors.  I use these for sketchbooks and I'm really happy that I can finally have one in my favorite color instead of plain black.  My only issue with this notebook as opposed to previous softcover notebooks I've bought is that the binding seems particularly stiff, so stiff in fact, I had to flip through the book to ensure that it was actually stitchbound and not just straight glued.  I buy these because I can easily fold the front cover back onto the back cover while drawing (without the annoying metal spiral binding and the smudging that happens to pages in those sorts of sketchbooks), but that's a bit hard to do with this one.  I'm sure it'll ease out with use, but it still seemed stiffer than ones I'd bought in the past.
For anyone that loves the 'gang', this is the perfect fix!
4136	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Would buy again!!!

9508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This protects my wrist. I am on my pc a lot. It was worth the price. I wish they had it in purple.

6623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice hard case, concise pages, opens and closes easily.  Note area for jotting reminders.  Good neutral color.  Love place holder
1185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great journal to use. I love the thick texture and the way it absorbs the ink.  It has a great leather cover and looks like it will last a very long time.
2144	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Quite cute; and adorable.
1157	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have been using jojoba oil for some time now and I have purchased from several companies. I really like using jojoba oil especially when I do my at-home chemical peels, it is the perfect product to soothe my skin afterwards.
7717	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my son loves it.


2265	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work well on 1-2 pages where magnetic effect can work.  I have 4 or 5 packages of these in different styles.
6066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've carried one of these in my back-right pocket every day for the last 2 years, and each is carried for approximately 6-9 months.  I tried cheaper brands, but they didn't hold up to daily carry.  The Moleskine's work brilliantly for me.  The front pages get emergency-type information (phone numbers, auto information, passwords in code) and other things I want to have with me for extended lengths of time (inspiring thoughts, etc.), and the back perforated pages get temporary stuff (grocery lists, to do's, Amazon must haves, etc.).  After a month or two the cover shows noticeable wear, but I have never had any covers come off or pages come out without me ripping them.  The only thing that I am slightly disappointed with is that the back-inside pocket doesn't stay attached when anything is placed inside.
Having said this, this pocket notebook is the only Moleskine I would ever recommend.
8950	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this mouse pad; I have found other wrist rest pads to be hard rock or squishy beads.  This has a soft, pliable, but supportive feel to it.
Buy it if you need a  method to sync to a laptop when travelling, or for an interface for a  serial device.
4822	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	For years I wondered what the hype was about Moleskine so I finally ordered their larger book. It's awful! The paper warps so bad and I bought a watercolor book. I had to tape the pages down by wrapping it ove to the hard cover and still the warping was so bad that color would run off humps and into valleys so that I had no control. I went back to Pentalic's Aqua Journal and will never buy anything else again. This is just awful and way over privpced for what I received. Yuck.
8366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	does what it should.
5179	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because it is a decent size for me and has a firm binder that makes it easier to write in.
1087	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this is an awesome tool for young readers!

8746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this used as an Amazon warehouse deal and I haven't noticed a difference from the new ones that I have had in the past. Definitely worth the money. Comfortable for my wrist and my mouse glides smoothly.
7689	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Worst calculator ever. Five stars.
7173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought it to do a flyer and also a newsletter. Both of these documents had a lot of ink but I experienced no bleed through even using a higher DPI setting. I used it on another project which was a letter with a graphic that included a United States flag. This time I used max DPI setting again with no bleed through. I ordered more for the future.
8162	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	purchased for my daughter.  she loves it.  item as described.
827	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say?  Beatles music is classic and this is one of their best.  You can't beat the sound of their tunes.
998	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Came on time and looked as expected, It will be a gift so I will be waiting to see how much the receiver likes it.

India Ink:  Faber-Castell PITT artist pens (brush tip)
467	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great graphics.
I'm a big list maker and fan of Getting Things Done, so this allows you to log ideas or lists on the spot. No batteries required!

2588	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great book to learn from
I also uploaded a customer picture, go check it out :P
8946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have ordered these before and they work well. Makes my length of time at the computer more comfortable.

6946	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like this pen.  It has a retro "cross" look and reminds me of the pens I would get as gifts when I was a kid.  It is the thickness of the iconic cross pen - that is about the thickness of a pencil.  I usually like a much thicker pen but the ability to tuck it in my slim bag is such an advantage that I don't mind.  It also writes without skipping - that is after I ran a very dilute mixture of soapy water through the nib and then rinsed it out with distilled water.  (This really made a vast difference).  The nib glides when I write (after the break in of course).  The medium nib it comes with is excellent for laying down a nice thick line. There are two things I don't like about the pen.  One is the lack of a converter for the pen.  The second is that this pen uses differently sized refills from the other pens in the cross line.  Since I now have both, this is kind of a hassle.  Overall very good pen.
*) RPN. In my world, the purpose of a calculator is to solve fairly straightforward math exercises quickly. If you're a college student and need speed and pictures and parenthesis, buy a graphing calculator. If you're solving Black-Scholl's option equations, fire up Excel or something on your desktop computer. But for straightforward punch-it-in calculator work, nothing beats RPN entry.
But, it has not jammed, the staple actually goes into the wood, and all its parts are still intact, so I take that as a good sign. Hopefully, it will keep on performing well and last for more than six months!
1786	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful and sturdy hard-back. I love it!  It was just what I was looking for in a journal!
666	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	GOOD:
1079	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun tool for reading !
These are Moleskin quality. They feel great in the hand. They are pretty and the paper is smooth to write on. But these are magic. Write something on the paper. Snap it with the Evernote mobile app, and suddenly you have a searchable version of your notebook. Seriously - this is MAGIC. That idea that you wrote down? Now you can find it later. If you have ADD, there are these brilliant moments of clarity and insight that can be stunning. But, often, they are fleeting and elusive. If you can capture them and turn them into a searchable archive, you have just extended the power of your brain. This is life changing for me.

6683	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product I use everyday
RPN entry is the perfect way to use a calculator.  It saves steps and speeds getting results.
Don't just listen to a HP12C fan here, I own and am using three out of 4 models of the HP 12C series, and it is amusing and somewhat disappointing to observe that it had taken HP at least four years and two major upgrades of the HP 12c Platinium, in its futile attempt to "fix & retire" the HP12C with three successors in the form of HP12cPlatinum since 2004.
802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This wasn't the first LP I wore out -- that was ABBEY ROAD -- but this was the first CD I wore out!  Wonderful, innovative music that sent pop into a new, more sophisticated stratosphere than the jingles and Delta blues mashups that had been the going thing beforehand.  If you already have a copy, consider buying a copy for someone who was not yet alive when the Beatles broke up.  To understand them, listen to them, especially this album.

From a technical standpoint, the paper is top of the line as is the cover.  I use Levenger pens with mine and found writing to be a pleasure in an era of countless keyboard clicks.
6895	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised.
  * Max resolution (b&w)

2677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just FUN!  Family members know when they see one on the fridge it's time to take care of business.


580	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't read the reviews, I was shopping for something specific (the pocket chart) and ended up with nothing but calendar date numbers that I have to cut apart myself. :(


Small and attractive, work great on up to 3 pages at a time.
*) Fit and Finish. The keys have good tactile feedback. The display blinks on every entry. You just *know* you've entered the data correctly. The purpose of a calculator is quick, accurate answers at your fingertips. If you don't care about this, don't waste money on this calculator (or any high-end TI or Casio). Buy a $5 Walmart calculator.
8226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Have used this many times before and this site had one of the best prices.  Crisp colors and quality paper
6298	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like it. I use it for a daily to do list, quick notes. Feels great but thats expected from Moleskine.
4110	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love using these with my Kindergartener with learning math, reading, spelling, spanish etc.  Perfect size!  Love the price!

I love the picture and sl reference
5626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A perfect daily notebook for work.
1645	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i-Clip page markers are a terrific help for organizing my Celtic art reference books - colorfully and conveniently marking the various sections and designs for easy reference. I am hooked; I've purchased at least half a dozen sets for gifts and personal use. Although they do make great bookmarks, I've used them mostly for organization - having a set of coordinated markers works perfectly for marking different sections of various notebooks and journals. So far (about 1 year), they've held up very well, and they're an attractive, fun way of keeping things together. Now that I've had and used them, I wonder how I got along without them previously!
GOLDEN RULE V - THE BENCHMARKING INDUSTRY STANDARD FOR THIS PRODUCT LINE IS THE HP12C. Just in case, if HP does not know or is not listening to its customers.
6676	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these after comparing the look to other tabs and didn't realize they were the exact same ones I got for a different Bible from a store 9 years ago. So now I use these on two different  Bibles and they are super easy to stick onto the pages. Instead of using the template that comes with the tabs I just flip the first page of each chapter to the left so I can line them up with the previous chapter's tab. Super easy in my opinion.
7397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
5660	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered two of these and really liked them!  They are nice quality, and the band that secures the edge is great!
1129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my bible
6761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A planner is only as good as the one doing the planning, but this little planner is exactly what I needed. The layout inside is well thought out and works very nicely. There is a cheesy little intro on how to use time effectively, but honestly.... if you actually read through it, there's some good advice in it. It's up to you to be organized and get things done, and this is one of the many tools that works well if you put it to use!

6670	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The Good:
Inkjet ink dries very quickly on this. I have never had any smudges. Also, I know I am not supposed to use this in my laser printer but it has been working. I am calling that a win.

844	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Apple records announced today, that the remastered editions of the entire BEATLES catalouge will be released on SEPTEMBER 9th, 2009. (NUMBER 9, NUMBER 9, NUMBER 9, of course!) So, for those of you who have NEVER bought any of the Beatles CDs, PLEASE WAIT!  The Beatle's music was very late, as far as ALBUM CLASSICS go, for their original CD mastering.  Nothing was released until around 1987, which means the digital quality is  what was current, over 20 years ago. If you compair the digital bit rates, to PIXEL DEPTH of a photograph or TV, then you are compairing a picture of the MONA LISA made from 8 pixels per square inch, with a photo of the Mona Lisa made from 100,000 pixels per square inch. Now, we have that HIGH DEFINITION, 24 bit remastering. All the warmth of Analouge is preserved, with the clarity of digital.  FINALLY the Beatles will release their ENTIRE CATALOUGE remastered. PLUS, each album will have a quick time movie, that shows HOW the album was made, little audio outtakes, etc. PLUS, past masters 1 and 2 are going to be united to ONE CD, and....THE MONO EDITIONS WILL BE RELEASED AS WELL!!!! (Finally, the MONO SGT PEPPER ALBUM, MONO WHITE ALBUM, MONO REVOLVER ALL ON CD!!!!!) OKAY, so now that we know to WAIT until September to buy the SGT PEPPER ALBUM, i just want to put my two cents into the reason why THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM EVER RECORDED.
8835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this mouse pad with the gel because of me working on the computer daily, it relieves the tension on my wrist. It makes it easy to relax and rest your wrist while working with your mouse. The mouse easily slides across the soft material and the wrist pad doesn't sink in when you are relaxing your wrist.
finds or napkins. He has an incredibly creative mind and designs projects in wood and iron. A good deal
9116	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is affordable and an exact one like I got on work. This product it worth it's price.
411	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Make sure you measure out what 50x30 really is because it doesn't sound that big but it's really huge! There are no frames you could buy to fit this. Which was fine for us for our purpose. Really nice map but really big.
2674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Make a sticky note worthy,,,
7594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the third HP 12C Financial Calculator that I have purchased over the years.  The first two lasted about 10 years each.  I highly recommend this calculator.  If you have not used this calculator before, you may want to take a class on how to use it to be able to take advantage of all of the functions.

429	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this at full price for my mom for Christmas.  She actually requested this exact one.  She loves watching the news and is always wondering where certain countries are in relation to each other.  Now she can see for herself!
1749	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Another nice cat calendar, probably my third yoga cat calendar!
If you still put pencil to paper, you should try a Moleskine notebook.
5210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hands down Moledkine ale the best notebooks for business.  Have been using them for yesrs
7120	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	super white super bright, good finish, good quality.
7613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT
277	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The children love using this at center time it sits on the table and wipes clean with dry erase eraser or paper towel if using the markers. My children write on one side and use the magnetic letters or numbers on the other side. I would recommend it.
HOWEVER, Amazon shipped this map to me, NOT IN A TUBE but rather between two flat pieces of cardboard.  My map came smashed, completely flat.  So now, upon unrolling in it has lines as if it was folded every two inches the entire length of the map which makes it look awful on my wall.  I'm not going to return it because since they didn't put it in a tube, I don't want to have to buy one.  But let buyer beware.
4388	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these Bible tabs and they were a great gift to a new Christian in my life...she loves them and said they were easy to put on.  Pay attention to the color of the edges of your bible's pages and match if possible.
Thanks Moleskine!
3622	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Mine is now 15 years old and was looking for another one but it was discontinued.  So sorry to hear that.
2462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The book mark is really good. Very decorative with a funny caption and I love it because of the owls.
8356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wife got this for her college courses and it does everything that it is supposed to.
5859	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I'm new at watercolor.  I wanted to take this on a trip.  After trying 200  pound cold press, this is very difficult to work on.  It soaks up paint very fast suppose it would be ok for sketching but I'll sketch with a pencil.  Washes don't work well.
8529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Solid calculator. Very cheap. I will keep buying these for a long time as i'm still in college and have bought several in the past.
3716	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When this bottle showed up on my porch, I was heading out to the golf course...so I did the irresponsible thing and just took it along. Quickly unpacked it, rinsed it, filled with water and headed out the door. In retrospect, I really should have taken the time to do an initial inspection and closer examination before using it .... but, oh well..!!  This bottle holds 20 ounces which is the size of one of the large soft drink bottles in the refrig. case at your local convenience store. It lasts about half way around the golf course on a warm day, so you can stop at the clubhouse and refill before heading out for the back nine.
4645	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love maps and this one looks great. It's already hanging on a prominent wall in my office. It arrived quickly and in excellent condition.
What I don't love:  I do love the front pocket but I wish it had a flap - I don't use it much because things just fall out.  I wish it had a pen loop, though I do fit my pen in the spiral binding.  I wish the cover was stiffer to cut down on the beating it takes when I tote it around.  Also, I think 17 months is too much.  If you get one every year, that is five months overlap.  13 or maybe 14 months would be plenty to give you a chance to switch over to the next year.
9956	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These clear labels print black and look great but over time, the label will fade.
6944	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
4401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	VERY NICE

Would be buyers should get hold of the BA2+N or buy the BA2+PRO if you have a bigger budget. Budget conscious users could see that for the price of a BA2+ PRO, a screw driver and spare batteries, new users could afford to purchase for themselves two sets of BA2+N.
Leuchtturm Medium Notebook, Plain, 5.75 x 8.25 inches (LBL13)
2803	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought a bunch of these Knock Knock sticky notes and they are all hilarious. I use them at work to joke around with my coworkers and my students. They are funny, but I'm not really sure that it was worth all the money. Seemed overly expensive for small amount of sticky notes.
4403	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These tabs are very nice and make it easy to locate the books in the bible. They are a little tedious though to put on. Prepare to have 30 mins to spare.
2237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These bookmarks are very well made for the price and have a protective cover over it. Like the various tassles too.
5987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Important: please note that paper weights vary in the Moleskine Art Plus series of sketchbooks. This Hardbound Art Plus sketchbook offers thick paper (111lb) that works well for and dry media and even fountain pens. The paper is actually heavy enough that I do light watercolor washes on both sides!
7659	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great for college classes that you aren't allowed to use graphing calculators for
I'm not using this stapler as part of my job, it's used fairly frequently but not for anything heavy duty.  Mostly stapling cardboard backing boards to wood strips for target shooting as well as doing an occasional repair to items around the house.  In other words, it's a general purpose tool for general use around the home.  I have no idea how it would hold up for daily professional use.  As for my own needs, it has been working perfectly.  I've had zero jams and zero problems with operation.  It functions as well as my older Arrow stapler ever did.
I never used the other authorized calculator (the HP one), so I have no right to compare them.
2) Some keys, specifically the zero, seven, and eight, do not register when depressed. When pressed harder they register multiple numbers on the screen.
6959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good deal
8711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have had many of these, they are simple and serve the purpose.
8533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looked everywhere for this calculator, too expensive anywhere else. Very happy with purchase. Came packaged exactly as mentioned in the discription.
2. Pen holder was kinda useless for me and I will cut it off.
8788	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Workes great. Old one was worn out!
6201	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskin thrives on great products and this is no exception.  This pocket-sized pad is full of high quality watercolor paper.  I believe that one side is cold press and the other is hot press (but I'm not absolutely sure).  I found this a little too small for me, but perfect for postcard sized renderings. Note:  I have bought a couple of these, one was not preforated and the other was (so pages were removable). Not sure why the  versions were different. Great for taking visual "notes" -- nice quality!
5499	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskins are great. The covers feel nice, they pack easily, the pages hold ink well. I use this notebook for my chemistry class. It makes a nice notebook, if a little small.
2798	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This Apology notepad is fantastic. Gently sarcastic along the lines of "my dog ate my homework" but even better! I'm giving these as gifts next Christmas! LOL
3677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a large and well-made quality olive spoon. I have had other olive spoons in the past and like them but what sets this one apart are the following chracteristics:
7576	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good little calc!
It was really fun to try and come up with different answers. I made some sappy and some funny. I had fun doing it.
> The quality of the paper inside is terrific; thick and tough with a great creamy finish.
8618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect mouse pad to use while recovering from a separated tendon in my wrist.  My wrist brace propped up nicely on the wrist rest.
9955	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great with the new label maker I purchased..
399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great on my wall.  Use my grease pencils on it all the time.
792	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for short notes.
2232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
7291	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	works as described and price was good will order again would like to see comparison with generic which would be a lower price, ie, number of pages and print qualify
8422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Simple calculator that serves its purpose.  Bought for my MBA program for when I needed simple math (non excel) but wanted more than the iPhone calculator.  Works great and is durable as I have dropped it several times.  Great price.

1685	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice to have on desk.  I buy one each year and enjoy the cartoons.  Some are right on the mark for work situations.
2341	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Well this was damaged had a huge fold in it. A mystery how it happened because it was only shipped with 4 other book marks in a cardboard box folder. Have no idea how that could have happened inside the box unless damaged before being placed in the box. Any way not worth sending back so I cut the bottom 1/2 off where the fold was so I have a gold sun bookmark with a tassle on it that has 1/2 a saying on it. Hey it works.
THE LONG STORY
252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for my daughter to use in her 1st grade class.  She loves them and says they work great for getting her students attention.
8233	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Its not as heavy duty as the TI-83 but it comes close second although there is less functionality (graphing). I purchased this calculator for graduate Statistics and Microeconomics and there isn't anything I've needed to do that couldn't be done with this.
I don't use Moleskine just for the brand; I'm not blindly following it without considering other options (for example, I prefer -Cottonwood Arts- for my sketchbook over MS) and I just hope my review helps you make a better decision on your purchase. Thanks

6327	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. Purchased it through Amazon Prime for my convenience. IKEA sellls these for cheaper.
4808	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Perfect pocket size.  Perforated pages for tear out.  Holds up well.  It's paper with lines on it.  Good product for my use.
3221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This case holds a TON! I'm moving classrooms and have loaded the thing with a lot of posters and other wall things, and haven't filled it yet. There's a good chance I'll buy another if I ever fill this one up.
- Forged from a single piece of chrome-molybdenum-vanadium steel

2401	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great little book for addresses and phone numbers. Small enough to throw in your purse or hide away in a drawer. The only downturn is that the black material on the outside starts looking very dirty shortly. Every fingerprint and greasy hand mark shows up immediately. Sometimes they go away, sometimes they don't. The book is bound very well and I'm sure it'll last me for forever. Lots of pages with front and back sides. With striped accents on the inside covers. Would definitely recommend!
8466	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Package included new batteries. One of two calculators had keys that were sticking, but with some fooling it seems to work now. I would take a chance again, since the price break is worth it for this model calculator. There were some use scratches, but screen was great, and functioning is now great!!
586	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	you only get the cards.
9709	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very sturdy and I don't mind throwing it around on a job site.  It can take it!
4699	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the third time I have purchased a set of the Moleskin Ruled Cahier Journals in X-Large. Previously I've purchased red, black, and the natural tan color, all have been ruled. I appreciate both the simplicity and quality of the journals. They're large enough to hold a large amount of hand-written information, ink doesn't bleed through, the pages are smooth and feel nice to touch, they're pleasing to the eye, some pages in the back are perforated and those that aren't are still easy to remove AND they're small/thin enough to make carrying multiple journals for multiple classes not seem the least bit cumber-sum.
1409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calendar! I am on April 2016 now and love the pictures.
1063	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Short and to the point, makes perspective easy to understand and lots of images to help you understand and whatnot.
My printer is an edge to edge memjet and most of what I print is full color, so, if white borders and open white open areas are important to you, then HP is probably the best to go with. However, if printing full color, I would recommend Hammer Inkjet.
7685	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	In some of the reviews for other financial calculators the question is posed why the 12c remains so popular.  And this remains so despite the fact that the current iteration is a poorly with cheap materials in China.  The reasons are two fold.  First, the calculator gives you the essential functions you need in an elegantly set out format.  Take for instance the percentage change function, something that is commonly used on financial calculators.  The 12c has that function built into one of its keys whereas the new 30b has the function buried deep in a menu.  When you access the percentage menu with that calculator you have to know when to scroll down and when to scroll sideways.  Not intuitive and not possible to get a quick calculation.
9921	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.

3. The ruled lines are dotted instead of solid lines.
8.  Color: I liked the ORANGE over the black as I can find it fast on my desk or purse.
4451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Standard birthday crowns. Great for classroom teachers.
4670	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskine is a legendary notebook used by European artists and thinkers for the past two centuries including VanGogh, Picasso and Hemingway.  The notebooks ceased being produced in 1986 and were sorely missed by their afficianados until their rebirth in Italy in 1998.  Now available in the US, these small but incredibly detailed notebooks are a prize to treasure for those who want to record on the spot their thoughts, experiences, commitments and appointments.  This set is beautifully made and contains one small volume for each month of the year.  Each notebook is numbered and contains a dated page for each day of the month that is lined but blank to journal whatever the owner likes.  Each book also contains pages for personal data, a month at a glance calendar for the whole year, the phases of the moon, international travel distances and holidays in countries throughout the world.  The monthly volumes are each a different color and there are clear stick-on labels to denote the month or month number should you desire.  Each book is 3 1/2 inches by 5 1/2 inches so it is small enough to fit into vest pocket or purse.  Every aspect of this set is of the highest quality and detailed to perfection.  It is beautiful as well as useful.
Though their stapler is more expensive, after the endless hours wasted, spent trying to unjam this T50, I can assure you that buying the higher-quality is a very good investment.
 - Standard (8 1/2 X 11) sizing with standard holes (easy to save recipes from your printer)
7862	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected. Arrived on time. thanks
9538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I saw a similar products (at my brother's) and appreciated the wrist support.  Sae this on Amazon & ordered it.  Like it better as it is firmer and gives good support for resting the wrist

1192	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very well made, attractive, around 200 pages, and fun to write in. Not the best option if you use primarily fountain pens. Some nibs don't like the texture of the cotton paper.
2400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect if you're wanting a pocket sized address book. Not great for my unorganized house since I'm always losing it but it's a great book.
8983	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It really saves my wrist and surprisingly enough helped my shoulder to heal from an injury because I could rest my arm on the bump portion.
2422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS!!!



1062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Probably one of the best books on Perspective we received it on time
They are a nice big size and come with their own envelopes (which is good since they are so big).  The images are really as good as premium photo paper when compared side by side.  They fold well, envelopes are good quality also.


I did not try to reach the seller.  I ended up going to the book store and paid a little more for another set.
1657	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I found some book mark magnets at my college bookstore and they were about $3. So $7.50 seems a little spendy to me. But to be honest, I just love the designs that this particular brand has and so it made it worth it to me. Very well made, sturdy.
Con: some folds remained in the item due to being folded during shipping. Hopefully, these fold creases will disappear after the item hangs for a while.
2930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love them, keep them on my desk.
1039	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute

4525	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super fast shipping and great product. It has just enough of a design to decorate your room without being too distracting or cluttering. Also the color compliments practically any color you choose as it's background.

Listen, Pauper's bookmarks are great.  They have great images, quotes, and are of a industry standard card stock and lamination.
9222	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These mouse pads are made really well.  They last a long time, and that's all I really care about.
If this review was helpful, please click YES below.
5403	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like to journal and it's nice to distinguish my writings by journal colors...ECOSYSTEM is another brand I enjoy using but their quality seems to be going downhill, as their colors seem to crack from wear and tear on the spine...

4.  Attached page band easily moved from week-to-week easily keeping my spot
5928	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a great size as they fit in a coat or blazer pocket.  The cover is cardboard so it gives a little.  The paper is pretty heavy and I have not had any issues with ink going through.  Nice touch with the last few pages being perforated.  Best used as a travel book, looks a little cheap for business meetings.
8858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great  -  good seller
3279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was much bigger than I thought it would be, so it was a nice surprise.  My son and I send each other penguin items back and forth as an inside joke between us, so this was just right for his Christmas stocking this year.
8050	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very useful
Texas Instruments is the heinz ketchup of calculators.  Think about it.

7252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Was original hp 96a toner cartridge for hp 2200d. All working well. Came quickly in new sealed original package.
5900	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as intended. Can take a lot of abuse.
1505	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This little multi-tool means business. Its heavy but compact and it does a lot of stuff. The most obvious function is a small hammer and a window breaker. But hidden in the tool are a bunch of other functions. And it comes with its own sheath that has a belt loop for attaching to your pants.
9560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best pad I've ever used, especially in conjunction with a trackball.  Full wrist support, minimal movement, all of that leads to maximum support and comfort right where I need it: on the wrist.
9364	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I usually use the Casio FC-200V which is, in my humble opinion, the greatest Financial Calculator out there. I had to buy this calculator for a class and wish I didn't need it. It feels like Dollar Store level quality in my hands, only has one line for numbers (especially annoying if you're dealing with cash flows or payment calculations), and is almost too lightweight. Unfortunately, every calculation in our finance class is done on this calculator. I'm pretty sure there's some sort of backdoor business dealing between Texas Instruments and every college textbook manufacturer out there because there is no other explanation for why every business finance course requires this clunky piece of junk.

2846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great way for me and my husband to keep track of what's going on in our house.  Our weekly schedules get written down on this list and then stuck to the fridge.  The only thing that would make this better were if magnets came on the back of the pad.  If I get around to it before I use this pad up, I may put some on myself.

9442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent tool for my college son.  He often comments that he "couldn't succeed in his finance class without it."
4777	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	You can't beat the size of these great little notebooks!  I needed my own "little black book" to carry with me daily for writing down ideas as they popped into my creative and impulsive little head.  I could find nothing "pocketable" in a pair of jeans that didn't stick out and add bulk until I stumbled across these small "Volant" notebooks by Moleskine.  I'll probably have to switch out my current book before I finish writing in it simply because the covers and pages wear from rubbing against everything else I stick in my pockets, but there are plenty of pages in each one for jotting down tons of ideas, lists, contact info and "to-dos".  The fact that they come in a 2-pack is a huge bonus!  Highly recommended.


2154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very useful
3384	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super Cute
7622	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Overall, a very useful household calculator. Pros: large buttons, large angled display, simple functions Cons: a bit too wide to easily pick up with one hand to move around the desk, keys make some noise instead of being soft touch.

7769	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator was perfect for getting me through statistics class!
6797	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A joy to write with. The nib is wet and a tad wide, but glides over paper without effort and not scratchy at all unless you use way too much writing pressure. The fit and finish is typical CROSS top notch. The chrome is well polished with the standard engraved lines. The grip area of the pen is also ribbed for ease of use. It is a bit thicker than an original CROSS CENTURY and a bit thinner than a typical MONT BLANC or CROSS TOWNSEND.I like the size as it doesn't feel like a BIC nor is the size unwieldy. This all being said, it didn't come with the converter, which is a must as it saves you a fortune on ink ... opens up a world of available colors of ink ... the converter also allows you to carry much more ink than a cartridge.
5197	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great little note books.  I can't believe I'm going back to these little note books...especailly in the age of tech...and I have a note 5 samsung phone....but it's so handy for work. I wear a uniform shirt and it fits in my shirt pocket and stays there for work stuff when I can't always pull out my phone
1370	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the markers are beautiful and very fun to write with. the case is handy. price isn't bad for the number you get.
8403	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as described
In 2006, according to an article in The Daily Telegraph, the company's small staff was unable to keep up with demand.[3] In August 2006, the French investment fund Socit Gnrale Capital purchased Modo & Modo SpA, and started investing in its expansion. The company name changed into "Moleskine Srl". According to an article in the German magazine Brand Eins, in 2008 Moleskine notebooks were distributed in 53 countries, through 14,000 stores, 65% of which are bookshops.[4]
2656	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! I use it to document my to-dos and to take notes at meetings. fun and easy to use. i do not use it as a mousepad (are these even needed any more?).
2562	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This map came fully laminated and ready to be hung on the wall.  All major thoroughfares are included as well.  It is perfect and I highly recommend it for home, office and school use.
9390	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Exactly what I was looking for.  A quality product for a reasonable price.  Thanks!
9410	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	use it every day
1215	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This coloring book, created for adults or very patient teenagers, is one of the nicest I've seen. I currently have a nice set of various coloring books but this one by Sarah Taylor is just beautifully done. Whimsical patterns and shapes come together inside animal bodies to create an enjoyable experience that also results is really artistic and great looking images when finished. I prefer to use colored pencils, but very thin markers would also look good if you want very saturated colors. The pages are thick paper so thin markers won't bleed through. I do prefer the subtle shading effects of colored pencils but since this is art, there are really no rules.



I was not sure about using the sticky part because I was worried about damaging the books but it occurred to me
2.  2 John and 3 John do not have thier own tabs. There is only one tab for all three books of John.
Beautiful
  Others reviews have commented on its use.  I am emphasizing its appearance,
When this mouse pad wears out, I'll probably buy another of the same.  Until they come up with direct mental control over the cursor, this works just fine.
8373	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It 's a good buy! I would recommend this calculator to kids in Middle school.
850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I won't even pretend that I could write an objective review about this work because every song is so tied  up with many memories of that time in my life, with this music always (it seemed)playing in the background. The Beatles were a seminal musical force in my life and their lyrics and arrangements resonated deeply with me.
8920	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Got this a few months ago already splitting. The top felt started coming off 2 weeks after buying this.


7924	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described

Also, they don't get pulled out by my cats, like the ones with tassles....
9022	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love the comfort
8541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Amazon is totally my school supply go to place. They may not have the colors I want, but they ALWAYS have the price! 3rd calculator I've ordered here. Just like what you buy at the store (and usually less expensive)
-Press Hrs and Mins to correct time

207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute story for a 2 year old Peppa fan
1204	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the best planner I've ever used - several of us in our office have "drunk the Kool Aid" and are passionate about our planners. It has really helped me get through items on my to do list that I always put off - when you have to constantly write them down it really does motivate you to just take care of that stupid task! I'm going to add a self adhesive 3M pocket to the inside cover of my next one to keep little notes in, and I use flags to bookmark certain pages for reference (adding a couple "notes" pages in the very back or front would be helpful for ideas that need time to marinate (sometimes until the next planner)).
2961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's been a few months since I bought this, and looking through it is hilarious. Guests sign in periodically, and more so when you tell them about it before a party, and then it gets really raunchy, all the better to laugh at later.
5287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice notebook
Absolutely amateur and they looked as if, well, I printed them from my home printer. You can get Epson Premium Presentation paper and make these same things for much cheaper and higher quality. These cards are much too flimsy to be taken seriously.  I am just so disappointed because I really love my labels from Avery.
4773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice product - well made
6883	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good
5829	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a bit smaller than I was picturing when I ordered, so make sure you're looking closely at the measurements (I sadly, did not), and are flimsier than what you picture when you hear the Moleskine name. It feels like, for what you're getting, the price could be a bit better, but they're good little portable sketchbooks. I love having one in my bag to just jot notes down on as needed.
738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you enjoy watching birds in your garden, you will love this Songbird Calendar. The watercolor prints are beautiful with rich, vibrant colors. Each print is reflective of the month for which it is used; you will see fall foliage in October with the wren. If you can't identify a bird, there is a listing for each month at the back of the calendar along with a bio of the artist. There are many Lang Calendars to choose from, but I'm so glad I chose this one !
9078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a great size for me and the wrist support feels great.  I had a separate wrist support and mouse pad before but they would always move apart.  This works great
I still recommend, but recommend being careful.
- Uppercase alphabet (split on 3 cards)
9122	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A+
847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? Rolling Stone's #1 Rock album of all time.
In addition, I found it easier to remove when the sheet was rolled back at the edge, remove the triangle piece and found it easier to get off that way.

9584	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as ad, no surprise, happy
6213	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this graph paper journal.

6799	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really like the pen. I have never been a fan of Cross cartridges/refills so I ditched the Cross cartridge and replaced it with one that suits me better.
7433	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfectly for upper elementary math.  Will purchase again for our other children.

9016	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	OLD REVIEW: Love my gel mousepad. Only wish it didn't stain easily. Don't drink coffee by it!
1165	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
4127	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as pictured. Fast delivery
4017	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I had a set previously and they were great.

9014	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted
1633	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my college texts where I have to mark multiple spots!
2267	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are so convenient because they don't fall out of the book when you carry it around. You can leave it on the page when you start reading again and it's there waiting to mark your place. This is the second batch I've bought. They don't seem to wear out. I suspect I just have them stashed in various books all over my house! The design is really cute! The first time I bought them, the bottom edge was squared off instead of pointed. That doesn't affect the function, just aesthetics.
7182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	With printer ink retailing at around $5000.00 per gallon, why would anyone print on cheap paper?  Beats me.  I cannot stand thin, dull printer paper and neither should you.  When I am printing my work or trying to send a message, I want paper that matches the quality of my efforts and thoughts.  HP Bright White Ink Jet paper fills that need.  A paper that is heavy weight, blinding white, and smudge free.  You can see and feel the difference.
Of course, you could also do it the alternate way by multiplying 100*0.4=  (since you want to see what 40% of 100 is equal to, but some people find that too complicated).
4239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected.  Will buy again
2518	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality for the price.
9820	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We have a DYMO tape machine and always use their tape.  Never had a problem and the price is low.
8108	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Met my expectations, easy to use
270	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It works.  But here are my pros and cons.
4801	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, large moleskine - cover is sturdy and the binding is tight. Highly recommend - a beautiful beautiful moleskine.
Overall, though, this is a good pen but not a great one. I recently purchased a Parker steel classic that looks better than these, (it has a gold arrow clip and a gold button)writes better than these (the inkflow is smooth) is NOT made in China (England, actually) and costs several dollars less! So this Cross is definitely nota five star pen and it is fairly good, but not the best for quality or price in its class...
6100	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A bit pricey but it is exactly what I was looking for.
9412	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
3471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you collect knives, this is a must have. The blade is pretty sharp and the overall design is awesome.

I understand that marketers should do this warning about the length of the ink because nobody wants to buy a pen that in 2 weeks it will eventually run out of ink, unless they don't want to give that information on purpose to force a new purchase ink or that it is a mistake.
3751	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Calphalon hit a homerun w/ this pan!  I've owned this pan for two years and just purchased one as a gift for my mother.  This one pan can be used for many purposes; as a wok, for deep frying, to saute, to steam, to stew, it does it all.  It heats relatively quickly for a pan of its size and cooks very evenly.  The handle stays cool except where it attaches to the pan.  Why is this important?  Well, the only down side is its weight, typically I have to hold the handle where it attaches to the pan when moving the pan when full or pouring contents out of the pan.  The handle is long and thin except at the end.  The pan w/ contents is too heavy to hold the handle at the wide end, there is no leverage.  So, you hold it at the base where it gets warm.  Small detail, the pan's versatility and usefulness far outway this little "nit."  Finally, the pan is very easy to clean.  I always find myself reaching for this pan out of all the other pans and skillets that I own.  Yes, it is costly, I promise you, you'll love it
  Oh, oh...wait a minute!  I see that Canon ALSO has, (or had), another model that looks ALMOST like this one does, but which has, as a model number, LS-85H 4050A001AA!  Looking at the description of it....YES!  It has a live battery!  AA!  Sadly, there was only one of these for sale......and, yes....this reviewer has done what the vast majority of people would do under the same circumstances....grab it!  Hopefully, Canon will produce more of this "AA" powered portable calculator....as will all other calculator manufacturers!  Replacable lithium batteries are just NOT easy to replace!  (I see that Canon DOES have a larger, 12-digit "AA" powered calculator, still on sale! -- Canon 7438A003AA).  It got one 3 star review....but if I wanted a larger, 12-digit calculator which uses a "AA" battery, I'd try this one for sure.
4279	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice
As a product, this gets five stars. As a deal, it gets three stars. I'm pretty sure you could go to any stationery store and get these for under $2. However, buying through Amazon does offer considerably more convenience than searching locally for bookmarks.
But it still wouldn't register, then I looked at my mousepad and I saw dents in them. I tried getting them out but they are pretty permanent.
9936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these labels receive them promptly great price!
1030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The kids loved the poster.  We spent a month on the Ten Commandments and thought that this poster would be a good reminder to leave up in the classroom.  Very colorful.

4639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots of variety in this stencil box.  Great for kids who like art, who like to make signs for things or just mess around with shapes.  Best for ages 6-10.
3249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great notepad that made a fantastic stocking stuffer for an owl lover. It's of good quality and just the right size. Now it's just a question of WHO to leave notes for!
It should be noted that you can use regular Moleskine notebooks in exactly the same way with the Evernote page camera to capture notes. So, while I think the green items and embossed cover make it worth it for me, you'll have to decide that on your own.
8129	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Really good for finance,on time shipping
6493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product!
3890	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's pleasant organic coffee. I had a bad experience ordering this coffee from Costco once,
These will slice...dice...chop....what ever you put to it.

3383	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the size and the bright colors
1367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great scents. My kid loves them, but the glitter gets everywhere.

8600	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Parents: If you're going to buy your child a graphing calculator for school, DON'T insult his/her intelligence with this limited function calculator. Go with a TI-86 or TI-89 as it will serve him/her well through into college. What this means is you save money by purchasing one calculator that will be useful for SATs, GREs, AP tests, high school, algebra, calculus 1-3, college, etc...
87	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a family member going into the military.  This one was nicely put together and the person I gave it to liked it. It held the Bible well. I'd buy one again.
7272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
3630	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice plates, strong enough for finger foods. Candy Cane picture on plate was simple and beautiful and appropriate to those who enjoy entertaining.
8518	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my daughter for school.  She needed a calculator and when I saw the frilly decorations on the face of the calculator in the picture, I knew that was the one for her.  When it arrived, we were disappointed that there were no frilly decorations on the face.  The calculator is pink, the number pad is white, the arrow keys and + - X = and / signs are purple, everything else is pink, but the face is just plain white.  That being said, kind of silly for me to judge based on those factors, since the calculator does do everything it is supposed to do.  It is just that we kind of really liked the design pictured in the photo.
I will never buy another brand of watercolor journal. They may be a little bit more expensive, but I will enjoy using them, and having them, forever.
6471	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best planner I've ever had. Amazing and really keeps you on track.
4357	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good, watch out to not stick multiple pages together, these can be removed if you make a mistake, no damage to pages I liked that
8223	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good for my chemistry class and the price is reasonable.  It is cheaper than the ones from Staples or Office Depot.  It has many functions, quite enough for college students to use for their science classes.
6570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	College daughter couldn't survive without it!
5694	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these notebooks. I love to doodle--that's about all I can manage.(I wasn't gifted by being an arstist.) The front cover can be "doodled" on, as well as the inside front and back. The texture of the pages is almost silky--if you can imagine.lol Regular ballpoint pens glide over the page. I purchased them to be my Bible journal. It's the perfect size to fit inside the cover of my bible, or even in the pages. College ruled, which is my favorite. I recommend these to friends. I will purchase again!
  * Max 16 MB module

4229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really have enjoyed using this Journal.  The pages are lines and I can turn the cover all the back for added support to write on.  The pages are made of quality paper and each page has a pertinent scripture written on it.  I would recommend this journal for yourself or to give as a gift.
  -The fit of the rear tube to the front never seems quite right, always leaving a bit of the rear tube lip easily discernible by touch, and is sometimes quite obvious visibly.
3. Pages that can be removed from the book if needed
3461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to be a conversation piece and to put a smile on my face and it is all of that.
Is a great flip-top note pad worth this much to you? Well, below are the reasons it is worth it to me.
227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This set makes putting up my classroom word wall a snap! The cards are large enough to read, but still small enough to fit well without taking up too much wall space.
5617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great notebooks. flexible and light to carry. love that they're ruled without the annoying margins other notebooks have
9881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Easy drop in design and very easy to peel the back off. Nothing is worse than trying to peel apart from a back when you are working and trying to get things labeled. This does not have that problem. Will buy again when I need a refill.
2470	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect of my mother! My mom had always loved a set of notepaper/cards by this company which had this exact design! WhN I saw the design in a bookmark, I had to buy it for my mother the book-aholic! She loves it! A great value too. Nice quality.
3090	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my mom and the Dad one for dad. They both loved it. I suggest purchasing early as it takes time to fill out the pages.
366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, was shipped late
8665	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very comfortable.
5966	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As I use to comment on Moleskine, it is a perfect quality writing notebook. I can not write in another papers since I meet this. Thanks.
1430	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this guide to use with our Bible Study group. It is written in very easy to understand language. This book has cross references with Bible verses to confirm the teachings. The end of each chapter has a question and answer area and the answers are in the back of the book. We have since purchased The Book of Acts and are enjoying it as well.

9961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.

Cons:
7494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a scientific calculator and it works.  What else is there really to say.
9085	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Well it did last a few days before the wrist support totally collapsed. Now it has a big dent in the wrist support and provides very little support. I have had several wrist supports but never had one collapse like this. Update 2 years later totally trashed.
3263	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great in the classroom. I totally recommend it
This Moleskine is great but my only complaint is that the paper seems a little too thin, which isn't an issue to me as the pens that I use don't bleed through.  If you don't use pens that will bleed through the paper then buy this.
80	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Such a treat to be able to fit everything from the bible to my notebook and papers from classes in this organizer.  Extremely durable and with the shoulder strap it makes it easy to carry.


5.  Organizer starts in JULY which wasn't a problem for me, but most folk probably don't think about organizers until December...
The gel rest isn't as nice as the more expensive mouse pads and not quite as high (filled?) so I had to drop a star.
3607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cute.  I love it!!
2392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect size
3986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my third year using a "Do It All" planner, and I love it. The unique set up lets me comprehensively track everything I need to: the week's meal plan, my work hours (tracked by project, which takes up more space than most standard planners allow), appointments, holidays/birthdays/anniversaries, reminders, etc. The extra row in every week allows me to keep thoughts, motivational quotes of my own, week-long reminders, and other useful things readily at hand.
7453	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The reference in Finance !!
1-800-420-0812
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Leuchtturm-Medium-Notebook-Plain-5-75-x-8-25-inches-LBL13/dp/B002CV9BBE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Leuchtturm Medium Notebook, Plain, 5.75 x 8.25 inches (LBL13)</a>

5 stars for working great at a nice price and keeping me from needing surgery!
The looks and packaging are fancy enough to be a proper gift, it looks expensive and high quality.
3691	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my bra safe in the wash. These are the best laundry bags I've ever had.
3542	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Strong, soft, perfect! I'm so glad we have a lot of these left over from my reception because I'll use these from now on.
5061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for taking notes on the go! great paper to write on, lots of pages, and handy for scribbling!
6826	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good filters.  Cross quality.
6061	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Perfect pocket size journals. Heavier weight paper so ghosting was not an issue.
The price is good here and due to the quality and longevity you are getting, is quite worth it.

422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the Randy Mcnally USA map is a great map for the classroom, office, or just for your room. it has great detail on it like: popular town and cities are marked in bold, capitals are marked with a star, major intersections are shown, it has the different time zones at the top of the map, some of the provinces of canada are exposed at the very top, its got the oceans named out, a compass, and it comes laminated. i know i missed a few other features, but it is a great map to have of the USA.
5711	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good paper stock, takes ink very well. I usually use Noodler's fountain pen ink and it works well with the paper, it absorbs but not too much.

3030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gag gift. It's pretty hilarious. For a few people I know that are always complaining, lol!
8328	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to finish pre alg through alg 2. This calculator would be very useful for high school students or college students taking remedial courses. I find it easy to use and very reliable. Very happy with my purchase.
3946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my "bucket filling" classing and it works like a charm!
9492	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This calculator is nothing super special but it works perfect for me. I use it for my accounting work and have never had a problem with it.
5638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This journal is nice to hold and write in. It is set up A,B,C order and has blanks to write the title, author, dates read, and thought of what you read. It also provides space for favorite quotes from the work. I didn't have any problem with bleed through from the pages with a standard ink pen or pencil. I also tried a fountain pen and with it I slid another piece of paper behind the page I was writing on, just in case, but it didn't bleed through. The size is good for a purse or bag, but a little to big for sliding in a pocket. This is a really nice product for people who like to keep track of what they read, when, and what their thought are about what they read. It would also make a great gift to a reader.
8351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	By far, my favorite calculator for electrical engineering. I find it very rare that I need to graph anything anymore, so this made the perfect replacement for my TI-84 Plus SE. The way it works with imaginary numbers and solves quadratic equations is invaluable!
4183	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	ADOREABLE I LOVE IT.
773	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Spend 15 minutes on the internet, and you will find all of these ideas and more for free.  I feel very foolish having paid for this book and hope to save others doing the same.
8809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	About the best out there.  I've had mine for many years and still going strong.  Very durable and comfortable.
2466	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice material
5048	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little pocket size book I can keep in my purse for adding my Zentangle sketches.
8	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely gentle simple story of love and friendship.  It brought a smile and tears to my eyes.  Even though I am an adult, a friend read it out loud to me before giving the book to her teen-age daughter who had asked for it specially.  Just the perfect story for reading out loud.  Try it!  It's a special experience.
5655	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this planner!  I've purchased this twice now.  The soft cover is very durable and I love the adjacent FULL page for notes!
As a final note, I use the product "Pilot VBall Liquid Ink Stick Roller Ball Pen, Micro Point, 0.50 mm, Black Barrel, Black Ink 12-Count (53206)" For my drawings, which works fluidly and never breaks or scratches.
186	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	granddaughter is a serious Peppa fan and loves all of her Peppa books...
4339	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy one of these for myself every year.
2847	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	:-)

3419	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This product was a real nice and helpful tool to teach young minds.
(I'm sure some reporter will come on here and say it's perfect and I'm full of crap, but I'll let you in on a little secret: he's a plagiarist.)
6287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of Moleskine notebooks from way back, but I've never actually bought the hardcover variety before. I've been trashing my softcovers more than usual lately, so I thought I'd give this reporter notebook a shot; I liked it so much I came to Amazon to reorder a few more after I filled up my first one. I love that the binding is on the top, so it's not in your way whether you're a rightie or a leftie, and the hardcover means this notebook is seriously holding up, whether I'm carrying it around in my pocket or jammed into some dark unfathomable corner of my backpack or whatever else. (I use small notepads like this to jot down ideas before I can forget them, so I have one on me pretty much all the time, even if I don't have a good place to carry it.)
> The elastic band can either keep the cover closed or mark the page you want to open to, your choice, and is sturdy enough that it won't fall apart or loosen with use.
Very sturdy. A quality product. Will be looking to see if they make a larger one also. This one is the size of a DVD box.
3773	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great AAA+++
4084	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This pad fit my humidifier very well.  I will warn you, I was tempted to buy one of the 10x13.5" filters just by visual inspection, so be sure to measure your existing pad before you order (the owners manual does not have any measurements in it because they want you to buy it for a ridiculous price from your HVAC dealer)!  I measured the item before ordering it and had no issues.  It is about 1/4" larger than what I measured (which is as described), but that is to allow the notches in the filter housing to hold the filter in place.  Despite not being mentioned, this is an aluminum pad which should last for about two heating seasons.  To replace the pad, just open the door on your humidifier, slide out and dispose of the old one and replace it with the new one.  I will update this review if I have any issues.  The seller shipped very fast as well.  Good experience overall.
Only note - it's not exactly as pictured.  The window around the screen doesn't have any pink flowers on it; it's just white.  Other than that, it looks like the picture.

547	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for my kindergarten class
7874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works good.. fits my brother fax machine fine
8782	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The only problem with this design is getting it to stay in one place.  It has a tendency to slide on the keyboard tray we have which is clear coated oak plywood, commercially finished.  I am tempted to test using rubber glue under it or if absolutely necessary contact cement.  Of course if it is too secured in place the problem will be removing it for replacement later on.  Most mouse pads I have seen have a larger surface area for the mouse to move on, but so far that has not seemed to be a noticeable problem in use.
3460	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my sister. Shes a Si fan, and I thought this would be perfect. Its a regular wall size calendar. Yu cant go wrong with this if you're a duck dynasty fan.
  Most people have heard so much about the Beatles, and this album, that they have formed an opinion about it, often without ever having heard the album.  This was true back in 1980 with some of my friends, and it's still true today.  Now that this album is 42 years old, you would think it would be at least SOMEWHAT dated. Much from the 60s DOES SOUND dated, but the Beatle's work does not. It truly DOES tap into the eternal beauty of the human soul.  Sgt. Pepper is often credited as the first "artrock" album, and first "Concept album" as well.  John Lennon used to INSIST that this was a  concept album, without a concept. But the concept is almost TOO SIMPLE to see.  It contains a very obvious concept: THE BANALITY OF MODERN DAY LIFE.  The whole idea of "Psychedelic music", was to return "technicolor" back to a drab and dreary world, to make the monotony of WORK, HOME, EAT, SLEEP, WAKE UP, WORK, HOME, EAT, SLEEP, or the monotonous rites of passage like, MARRIAGE (when i'm 64), Leaving home (SHE's LEAVING HOME), going to church (WITHIN YOU WITHOUT YOU), and death (A DAY IN THE LIFE, which talks about the death in a car crash, in warfare, etc.) Either way you look at it, life can be a DRAG, a dull, boring, tedious DRAG. The beatles were really fighting against......A DULL AND BORING LIFE. Each song deals with an aspect of daily life, that artists had tried to elevate the human awareness beyond, especially since the romantic movement, and the rediscovery of mind expanding drugs into our culture.  SGT PEPPERS LONELY HEARTS CLUB, is a song about the isolation of the human experience....we are ALL loney, ALL unable to really connect with the OTHER. BUT, the idea of Psychedelic drugs, was that you could mind merge with your fellow trippers, and become a BAND with each other, and ONE with the universe. SURE, it does sound a bit trite now, a bit pseudo utopian in these days of terrorism, crackheads and meth heads, and DEATH CENTERED video games, which have replaced the hippie idealism. BUT, are we better off SPIRITUALLY today? For that matter, SOCIALLY? Or MATERIALLY? Well, not really.  IN fact, we are closer to this existencial isolation of the human TODAY, than we were 40 years ago.  The Beatles created an album of closely related songs, that examined the Generation Gap, which is really the GAP between the HIP, and the HYPED. How many people today, live a life where they are CONSTANTLY HYPED, into buying a new computer game, iPod, iPhone, etc?  These hypes, are just as empty, and lifeless, as the materialistic hypes from that era.
594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
Each planner is number (1-12), and January through December stickers are provided if you'd prefer to see the actual month on the front.
6894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wow, this pen and pencil set is stylish and quality made.  My shirt pocket never leaves home without them.  Cross makes great pens and pencils.
2483	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are nicer than I expected. Plenty of room for new recipes and well as entering for your old favorites.  Will make a great gift for your children one day when they wish they had the recipe for that certain dessert, meal or side they remember from when they were kids.

519	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This takes care of the "What time is _________?" question.  I wish there were more pre-printed tags with the set.  I've made a few extras so I'm not constantly changing the times for different schedules on different days.
1368	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap and don't work
9387	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator worked for me. I'm taking finance classes and use this everyday. If you don't feel like solving for Furture Value with equations amd want to make quick work of it, get this calculator. It's worth the money. TI also has this same calculator in the Apple App Store that does the same job.
7963	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good calculator for middle schoolers
- It also doesn't have some features I've seen on more customized planner pages out there today, such as visual + written reminders to drink more water, exercise, prioritize on a few key items, and so on. This planner has more of a basic, do-it-yourself template, and that may not provide sufficient motivation for some to keep using it consistently. For people with ADHD or any sort of memory deficiency, they may also want to choose something with more detailed day-to-day lifestyle reminders.
5817	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite little thin books--good quality paper in them and so classy!  Carry one in my purse for memos, and cover holds up to much abuse.  I have these little books in various colors on my desk, labeled for different subjects--to keep a file of useful information I may need later.  Very compact and good-looking.
3. Cross doesn't even bother to make the caps different any more.  In the old days, the black top hat of the pen had a little metal dot on it, and the pencil was just black.  That way you could tell if you were grabbing the pen or pencil out of your cup full of pens.  Now they are both the same (strangely, both WITH the added dot), and you will grab the wrong one 50% of the time.
8535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this product used, in great condition!  The seller was awesome and made sure I had it incredibly fast, though the postal service to my home. Very helpful, as I desperately needed it for Algebra. It's been my life saver! Fantastic calculator.
1188	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like this journal--it's large but portable, offering an excellent writing experience. The paper is cloth and good quality with strong bindings for the gatherings, and the leather is nifty.
445	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Its one of the inexpensive maps I have ever purchased. I bought for my kid. You might need to add crimea to Russia now :) It doesnt belong to Ukraine anymore.
9531	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice calculator.
5522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This Moleskine notebook in size A5 has some really good features.  I purchased it to customize it as a personal planner and I could not be happier.

  I do, however, have one suggestion. Even if Paul was never your favorite "Beatle", check out his newest work "Memory Almost Full." It is the most recent Cd that I think hearkens back to Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and it is likely to give you an attack of nostalgia, since he sings of times gone by - at least, in some songs.  The musical arrangements are very similar, too.
734	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful
3985	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this planner some of the features are great for me, I like writing bullet lists so this is a great planner for that
563	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my Math Sentence Stems!
3389	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Item was as expected. Colors are vibrant. Happy with my purchase. Shipping was quick!
5150	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I've used these notebooks for years, but the quality of the paper seems to have gone down. I take notes with a fountain pen, and on this notebook, my writing goes through the paper.  The paper doesn't seem to be as heavy as in the past.  By contrast the paper in the Pantone notebooks accomodates fountain pen use.

7641	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great for 6th grade
3360	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	cute, works well with 2nd graders. The art is somewhat generic and cheap, but in general they do the job.

  * None

9859	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great price
Update: I have tried the Moleskin equivalent, which is nice, but I still prefer the Piccadilly version. The Moleskin have much darker grid lines and the binding is not as flat as the Picadilly ones. Next I will try Google's version, but for now the Piccadilly are my favorite.

3487	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The handle was a little wobbly sometimes but it is just the right size for travel and just powerful enough. It is good to have the focused head so you have some control blowing your hair. I first used this at my friend's home and liked it so much I ordered right from her house.
9244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!  Works great and as advertised!
I primarily use your typical spiral bound note books, scraps of paper, cocktail napkins, the back of receipts, Mail out going or incoming and so on to jot down thoughts, make lists and doodle. Many years ago I had a Day Planner I remember it was expensive and cumbersome.
1334	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm so in love with these pens.  I use them everyday and have almost used them all out in three short months . love love love them
I would recommend getting both the TI-89 and TI-86 and start familiarizing yourself with both calculators before you start tackling tests. Check the rules and regs for calculators also - standardized tests should allow the use of the 86 and 89.
I will agree with another reviewer who said that it's somewhat difficult to find or follow the names of mountain ranges. That's really my only knock against it. To be fair though, there's only so much room, and I personally care more about being able to read the roads, towns, lakes and state names than the mountain ranges.

These are very durable notebooks with many practical features:
6257	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the Moleskine notebooks and especially the one with squares so I can do some doddling for my needlepoint projects.  I also love the elastic band that goes around the book as this works well for putting photos and other items in the notebook.  A well made and lasting product.

These ones are a more realistic price though
8786	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
9488	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great, is large enough, and does what it's suppose to. Supports wrist well. Just the right size for me.
3414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used these for first grade to put students names on for a variety of activities.  Durable, colorful.
356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my office because I have the same map that I purchased as a set (US, World, some other smaller map) in my office at home. The map is great but the set that I have at home is laminated.
9079	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This gel mouse pad is comfortable and does what it says and the best part is the price!
The hardware on this calculator is superb.  One of these lasted me decades.  It got lost in an office move, so I am purchasing another.  RJB.
7070	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice product
2194	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful
8132	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to order on line. Paper quality is great. Have ordered this a few times. I like making cards on my computer and Amazon makes it easy. Price is good and delivered right to you. What could be easier?
5955	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as molskeine lover, i knew i'd be pleased with these and i was! i like the kraft paper cover, although when my husband said, is that all you can afford? a plain cardboard cover?
6364	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this like next day, put it together by myself in 1/2 an hour, had purchased for my cleaning cart. After seeing this on line filled with planner supplies, when I have cases of these also, dumped out the cleaning stuff! Haha it's filled to the gills with pretty papers and stickers and am enjoying this cart so much I think I need another one?

2303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for my daughter.

46	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	He loves his new bible cover with the extra pouches on the outside!
9395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second one.  Works better than many that are much more expensive
4093	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The price of this is what attracted me but the quality is outstanding. The many extensions are nice add-ons and the 3/4 size blade seems to be just the right size. i cut my own hair and cutting your hair with a cordless clipper is extremely convenient and efficient. so far i have not seen any battery issues and the attachments stay in place and work as expected. the charging stand is nice and compact and the clippers cut nicely (no pulling or tugging of hair). also comes with 1/2 and 1+1/2 size attachments which actually look much better than a 0 or 1. Anyone who cuts their own hair should have one of these. Oh, and you can travel with them easily.
I also keep daily track in one similiar to the above of my Weight Watchers Smart Points
8441	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Glue sticks at first end of roll and had to rip a lot of paper off.. Other than that we love it
Very highly recommended
7352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a real find!  These ribbons are very, very difficult to find any more and the 'generics' don't work well at all.
- Cats


7452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super value!
A strong magnet keeps this pad in place on my fridge. The paper is nice and thick, and there are plenty of room to add items that are not pre-printed on the form. I keep a pen in a small magnetic basket on my fridge so it's simple to add something to it whenever I run out.
3077	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a xmas gift I gave my mom. She's at the age where she cherishes what we kids remember from our childhoods and appreciates the sentiment. It took a few days for me to think of things and I had to change and add a lot of memories but overall it was a cute TINY book.
They slide in and out of the pages well, and never fall out.
A gift of the future.
145	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for my kids play room, they are a great size so they can see it, i thought they were going to be small buy i was wrong and they are on good laminated paper love them!

8934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!
My son uses the Medium - perfect size for even the ring bound version of the handbook (highly recommend the ring bound over the perfect bound for handbooks - spend the extra dollar or two) - and far preferable (to us) to the velcro closure BSA one (that doesn't have room for much else either).
Your instructor and the class activities will most likely dictate which brand and model of calculator to purchase, rather than a reviewer's recommendations.  However, one bit of advice I can give you is very important to remember:  Please, use regular 1.5v alkaline batteries should you purchase this model.  The rechargeable batteries, with their 1.2v, will not be enough to give you a clear display.  A set of four batteries will last a very long time.  However, it would not be a bad idea to carry a spare pack of 4 in your briefcase or backpack.  You would not want to run out of battery in the middle of an important exam.  This calculator, unlike the more basic models, will not run on solar power.

8732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
If you are making the purchase for an adult or a classroom, or if you intend to frame it, then I highly recommend this map. If you are buying for little ones, I'd spend the extra money to get a laminated version.
8914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
8544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like my gadgets to be colored differently from the normal grey and black and I needed a scientific calculator to grade statistics papers, so I bought this one for cheap.  I don't know what I can say - it's a great scientific calculator.  Has all of the functions that are necessary for me - sine, cosine, tangent; fraction to decimal; probability functions; several statistical functions (to the point that we don't actually allow this calculator on our statistics exams; it solves the mean, standard deviation and variance for a list of variables) and others.  There's a little card inside the cover that tells you how to perform these functions.  And it's pink!  I'm the only one with a pink calculator so I know it won't disappear.
5973	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it all the time
  Cover could be thicker as 17 months in my purse it will probably get destroyed
2427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So cute and at a great price. The perfect address book.

3854	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There wan't as much paper as I expected, but the covers were very cool. Not sure the price is a value unless the theme of the covers is really what you're looking for.
2612	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Makes for a fun little gift. & I mean little. Like the size of a checkbook.
4250	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nicely made
- Ideal size.  It fits in my pocket.


5409	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this limited edition Hobbit Moleskine with Smaug on it! The contrast between the black and red is quite striking. I love the added details of the inner pocket and the ribbon marker being red, too. It's much more attractive than your average solid black Moleskine notebook. I've wanted one for years, and when I saw this one I finally gave in. The illustrations from the original edition of The Hobbit are so cute! The blank-page version of this has Smaug sitting on his treasure on the cover. I might have liked that image better, but I have to have ruled pages, and the image of Smaug flying over the mountains is great too!
9423	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very comfortable works pretty well. my only complain is that the mouse pad I have slides off it from time to time.  I imagine i can fix this rather easily with a piece of double-sided tape, so minus my laziness this is pretty good for the money
2042	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Should have looked closer prior to buying.  Colors are blah, content is not particularly amusing or interesting to me.  I planned to use it on my kitchen wall, but it just wasn't the bright spot I had hoped it would be.
4551	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap material. The pockets are  cut and sewn in a way that it is a struggle to get files in. Cheap stitches and poor construction all around. Very disappointing. Save your money!
3133	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for my classroom charts for storage purposes.
7716	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	whenever I could. This is The Best non-graphing calculator. This is no better, seriously, the best, period. I guess...
1.  Good value for the money 2. Buy a spare docking cradle if you move this  between home and work PCs (accompany sells them for dirt cheap if you are  in the right buying cycle) 3. Do not attempt to browse the Web on  this...you'll only be disappointed.

6059	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	First off-  these journals are tiny. Seriously. They're small in size and don't have a lot of pages. However, they're perfect to slip in your bag (clutch and all) for quick access to jot notes and as a bookmark to write thoughts from the book I'm currently reading. I decorate my covers with acrylic paint pens and they're perfect
Conclusion: Good choice for science class.
9779	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Just as described.
369	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my bedroom wall and I'm in love. It is very large and bright, it looks great. Everyone that comes over and sees it comments on it. One of my friends even got one for herself after loving the way it looked on my wall. It is a nice educational tool but really I just like how it looks.
9708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Strong and Sturdy
6602	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm not too good at using planners. In fact, this is the first planner that I've actually used on a daily basis. I like the format and the extras. It's not too big and so far in 2015, I've not run out of room to write in the weekly sections.
8564	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am very impressed with this calculator. It has guided me through math equations easily. Without this thing I wouldn't be able to do all the things I have to do to complete math. I highly reccomend it to any middle school student.
The slim profile of this planner nestles easily in my medium sized purse. It also is easy to carry with other books in a messenger bag or backpack because of its depth. I've had thicker planners and didn't feel that was an advantage.
Also I got free 2 day shipping because of Amazon giving students free Prime for 6 months, they just sent an authorization link to my .edu email and then bam free Amazon Prime.
other than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time
4576	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just right
3.  Color of the surface:  Although not well shown in photos, it is actually faint green tea.  If you want a surface that is white, then this may not be it.
5185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine notebooks!  In college I got used to having a notebook nearby to jot down information or diagram an idea.  I drifted away from this in the work world.  But my electronic devices, mostly Palms and iPhones, lacked the immediacy of a simple pen and paper.  It always felt like you had to "set something up" on a smartphone before writing or drawing anything.
98	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Did not fit the Bible I bought it fer ...
I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website.  However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.
6722	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love the colors

4172	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as described and arrived quickly.

1723	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my scheduling calendar on the refrigerator. Enjoy the humor and comical art.
4351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
571	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a large pocket chart.  It's perfect for whatever you'd like to use it for.  I use it with sentence strips for reading.  It has a sewn in rod at the bottom (as do all Scholastic pocket charts).  So, it lays flat.  The reinforced grommets are great, however, you will not be able to hang this on a wall using 3M clear hooks.  So, I used bread ties to attach it to the 3M hooks I ordered to use with this.  Works just fine.  I do feel like I paid too much for this product.  It's just a thin nylon sheet with plastic pockets on it.  But, it works great for the purpose I'm using it for.
3473	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This day calendar has a fantastic collection of Yiddish sayings, phrases, insults and expressions.  The Yiddish is written with the Latin alphabet, rather than Hebrew letters, for easier accessibility.  Their is a Yiddish phrase, the phonetic pronunciation underneath, and then the meaning.  On occasion, there will be both the literal and figurative meanings.  In addition, the month and day of the week are in both Yiddish and English.  For Saturday and Sunday, there is a single sheet.
5994	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great books, I really like the moleskin brand
3549	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Da Bears! Let's everyone know just who my team is!
7540	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I have had the calculator for two months - only been USING it for three weeks and its become very glitchy.
When I get a new calculator and can finally take an ice-pick to this archaic museum relic, I'll be very happy.
6477	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is the worlds best planner.  I used it for the first time in 2017 and didn't hesitate to purchase again.
5297	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these as journals for a couple of months now. I go through about one a month, and I find the size to be just about perfect--they're thin, fit just about anywhere you want to put them, and really lie flat. They look nice sitting on a desk, too--the proportions are so close to the Golden Mean that it's clearly not an accident (21cm / 13cm = 1.615). I think I'd prefer slightly longer lines (they feel just barely too short to me when I'm writing), but the current size and proportions are so aesthetically pleasing that it's not worth it.
1565	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had a sample of this product and was able to find it at Amazon.  It is a great product and absolutely works.
1127	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these. Makes it easy to find topics in the Catechism.  Though the instructions did not match perfectly, it was easy to get the correct page number on my own.  I plan to get another set to match with my US Adult version.
I have to say, I can't choose this side of the fan boat.
5480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Be confident on te quality of the product, your moleskine will follow you in the classroom, in a meeting or at your bankman rendez-vous. Very nice and useful.
1861	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Adorable, good quality, nice variety and number. Worked well for keeping my bills and other things organized.
5384	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	pages are well bound. Product is as advertised.  Only complaint being the strap isn't as tight as I would like it to be.
3398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to add to my Circle Time, and could not find this set up at my local school supply.  The shipping was instant. The kit is as pictured and comes with the straws and labels - ready to go.

8611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Its a mouse pad, does its job. No complaints
208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 9 yr old daughter screamed when she opened this up for Christmas! This book has all the background information and details on all of the current Ever After High characters? The pages are in color.


5178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Enjoy it a lot, I am a copious note taker and use this to jot down all my notes on programming Javascript. Very durable and works well with pencils or pens.
As stated in my headline, I seem to have a lemon this time. The fabric that's supposed to be "welded" tight over the entire surface of the pad like skin has pulled away from about 30% of the surface, and is continuing to do so.
3) It lays flat when open. (An advantage over both the soft cover version and the otherwise tempting Midori Traveler's Notebook.)

I also like the shape, which is "landscape"... widest at top and bottom.

5134	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I took the hard cover A4 as a journal on my road trip from Shanghai to London and It didn't break, even under rain and extreme stress.
I hope this review has helped you out!
99	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was worried when I ordered this case for my Bible (Letra Super Gigante) but felt much better once opening the package. It is darker and more rich in color than it appears to be in the picture. It fit the Bible perfectly.

If you are looking for the perfect calendar that will make your day, keep you on track regarding the actual day and date, and add some color and laughs to your life, this is the one for you for 2018.
1285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have seen these pens motivate so many children to WRITE!!!! Why? They smell and the ink is bright and glittery. These pens are definitely motivators for kids to write more. Great for journaling or coloring or note taking. Great pen
7124	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very, very good paper for type and pictures... Arrived earlier than expected in great shape, no damage to box or reams inside...
7237	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this for quality printing.

 This is a very well put together set with a lot of colors and an included portable storage box.
5965	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook gives the leather look without the pricetag. Its soft cover is flexible, yet the corners don't bend. The pages are bound well and not perforated, so no worrying about paper falling out.
9111	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it
1683	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I really wish Amazon would keep these in stock, apparently they're popular. If not, they should be. As a long time journaler and user of fountain pens, I have found quality notebooks lacking in the marketplace. Sure, Field Notes or Moleskines are useful for certain things, but in my experience - not when you use a fountain pen, or even a gel pen. The ink bleeds thru.
6625	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived at the stated time and was as described
9629	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfy to rest your hand on. It has a slight dip in the center of the cushion to help keep your hand in place and keep it from sliding off when you don't want it to. No complaints!
5787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best  sketch books on the market nothing I've found yet can beat Moleskins. Moleskine brand is the best in my opinion, you can spend less for other sketch books but they just aren't the quality of paper that Moleskine has. This is the only brand I will purchase.

These do come in sizes, and Amazon has all three, though from confusing inconsistent entries. So do get the Medium for the Boy Scout Handbook. I bought to try the XL before finding the other sizes. It's pretty big - but I'm a Scout Master - and have already stuffed it with the extra handbooks and field books a leader may use. Recommendation in general for Scouts - Medium.
Great pad to prevent onset of carpal tunnel syndrome, or to prevent its recurrence.  Surprised that there was no "learning curve" - just use it!
9650	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great! i need it for school and I like the price! I shipped fast. Its easy to use. I would recommend.

1827	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great quality, I like how sturdy and thick it is. Only enough for me to do two small bulletin boards.
One person commented on the silver keys on the right being difficult to read,
I would gladly overlook any, or all of these things had I not experienced such difficulty  with the diameter of the pen...at 0.3 inches I find the pen extremely  narrow and  difficult to hold correctly (very much the opposite of the Lamy Pico and something I had no memory of).  This discomfort does preclude, in fairness, any remarks on quality of writing - if I am not able to hold the pen correctly then I am obviously not able to write well with it.  The length, at nearly 5.25 inches, seems just about right as I hold the pen  and aesthetically the ratio of length to width makes this a remarkably beautiful pen.
5703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	3 pack of journals/notebooks purchased as a thank you gift for a college advisor. $12 price was a bit cheaper than at the local Barnes & Noble and it was nice to have this color option vs. the plain black Moleskines. Books are pretty thin, the entire pack of 3 was less than an inch thick, but I guess that is what makes them convenient.
1853	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Colorful and beautiful for bulletin boards. Plenty of extra letters that you use most often.
2575	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty. Wish it had Canada parks, too, but oh well, it doesn't SAY it does, either. Size is about 42x30 inches.
4788	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	First off let me say when they say extra small they do mean extra small. These are smaller than my iPhone. They are just slightly bigger than my credit cards. If you want a notebook you can always keep with you for quick thoughts and notes, without adding more bulk this is for you! If you are looking for a diary or journal this is probably not for you. If you have an EDC mindset buy these. Don't even think about it. It'll be one of the best $5 you've spent. If you write a lot then this probably isn't for you. Maybe as a backup notebook but not enough to be a primary for a writer or artist. Know which Moleskines are for who. If this one matches you buy it. Quality wise you won't be disappointed.
2896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the best post it's ever! Love it!
8579	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have always loved TI calculators, but the buttons on this calculator are too hard to press.  Sometimes it feels like you pressed the number, but it does not register on the screen.  It does not happen too often, but it is often enough that you have to constantly look at the screen while you are entering numbers just to make sure they registered.
1154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	InstaNatural Jojoba Oil is a multipurpose oil for so many different things. I have used it in my hair, on my nails, and on my skin. It makes my hair look and feel healthy. It makes my skin feel so soft and hydrated. It helps moisturize my cracked cuticles. This jojoba oil is lightweight, absorbs quickly, and doesn't leave a greasy feeling behind. I tried this oil on my face as a moisturizer. It was okay but I have sensitive skin that is acne prone and I did develop some breakouts due to it. My favorite use for this oil is on my legs though. After shaving my legs are always SO dry and feel like alligator skin. I put a few drops of this in my lotion or even by itself and it brings my legs back to life. They look and feel so much healthier thanks to this oil. They are no longer itchy and don't have irritation. This oil is definitely a keeper for me! *promotional pricing received for testing and review*
958	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great on the wall even unframed. Love the plastic coating to protect the map and reduce wrinkling. The aged look is very attractive, but easy to read.
I wish this company had more products, like a simple planner.
The only issue with this product i have, is after years of use one of my knife tips did break - trying to send it back for a replacement blade feels like such a hassle.  Send money, self addressed stamped mailing label and the knife in a protective package back.... you will get your new knife or a reason why it can't be fixed back.... at some point.  Rather than have the knife go missing, I just haven't sent it back.... feels like to much of a hassle.

More useful than you think for putting down thoughts and sorting through them.
2. On the inside, the pencil mechanism is a very skinny device no larger than the ballpoint refill (the "pencil" essentially contains 2 mechanisms, the ballpoint AND the pencil converter inside of that, leaving little room for storage).  You can fit 3 extra leads in, but then it gets crowded.  Also, though you physically "twist" the cap 1/4 turn to advance the lead, it is really operating as one of those complex clickie mechanisms which eventually start to slip.
3680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm more than pleased with this purchase. It is exactly what I wanted. Something small to keep a keepsake amount of ashes that I could place on my bookshelf which is where it resides. It is heavyweight, looks great and is exactly as pictured with the exception of the stand but I had read previous reviews mentioning the ad was misleading b/c the stand pictured does not come with it. I agree with that persons comment. It should be made more clear that a stand is not included. It would be helpful if they linked the item to the stand as "people who bought this item also bought". I was aware of this ahead of time and opted not to find a stand at the moment but I think I will. While I do like that the piece sits on a bookshelf and looks fine on its own (like a paperweight), it is pretty enough that I now think that displayed upright on a stand as pictured would look nicer.
4789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a very small notebook to tuck into a jacket pocket with a Fisher Space Pen... a very compact way to be ready to take notes or scribble down a phone number.  I usually use my phone, but sometimes an analog solution is simpler!  :D
4329	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	May even be nicer than you want.  The covers are quite stiff and may get damaged in your journeys.  The pages are well laid out with headings with many items you can document.  I bought this as a gift but when we had a travel trailer we had a similar journal and still enjoy looking back at the good times we had.  Very well done!
2493	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Map!
7909	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great.
8210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good quality

8172	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	thanks
9785	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	ordered the wrong one, had to return it.
Although listed as a "Planner" it also works very well as a daily diary; each day has a spot for the daily temperatures and weather conditions.
6690	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These tabs work great on my bible!


2816	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	a bit too large for my work space but the concept is awesome :)
4140	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this cheerful and oh-so-pretty cover!  The pages inside are a two-page spread for each month, with nice boxes in which to write things and space for notes as well.  There's the usual miscellaneous information included front and back.  Best of all is the slip-on plastic cover which not only protects the planner but offers "pockets" to tuck things you want to keep handy--receipts, charts, newspaper columns, letters to answer, or whatever.  I'd been looking all over for a book this size that was attractive, bought a couple of things I didn't really like, and then when I saw this one, I immediately ordered it--just what I wanted, in all ways.
17	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great size with lots of pockets and places for Sunday school booklets. Love it!
5231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is great.  It is expensive but the books hold up well to everyday use and this extra large size makes a great impression in a professional enviroment
There are some pretty bland theme stickers included with the book. I would suggest using the more colorful stickers that are found on Amazon for scrapbooking.
8284	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cheap but wonderful. However, I give it 4 star because it doesn't support multi-type. Maybe you will think this point is cray, but when you really using the calculator and type really fast, some times you type next button with the previous one still pressed down. when this happened, this calculator will not record the second hit. On the other hand, my Casio fx82es can do that.
3226	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality
The only thing i would REALLY recommend though to Moleskine is that the flap in the back where you can place small papers/cards/etc., do be made with a tougher/stronger material because after a few light uses it starts to tear and i have retired a few because of that or just ripped it off and use it without the flap.
5166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskin doesn't exactly need my review. Everyone knows they make killer products. This notebook is no exception.
Even washing this mouse pad in the damned sink with scented soaps ONCE A WEEK doesn't do any good. The same smell just comes back, stronger than ever. And I doubted myself too for a while, saying maybe it's my dead skin cells sluffing off into the material. But when I got my brand new mouse pad this week, I instantly recognized the same damned smell on it.
But this little guy, with his bright colors, is always easy to find.  And big enough one can write a good amount on it.
649	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't really have any comments for this product. It works fine! Use it all the time here in college.
My Palm V changed everything. Now I keep  everything important, from the standard addresses, to do's, notes, and  appointments to my accounting info, stock portfolio, and local movie times  (thanks to AvantGo.com) all on my Palm V, and it's GREAT!
6221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this because I wanted a compact size that is good for travel as well as an everyday carry.  This fits the bill quite nicely.  Looking forward to taking this on my next international trip.
5072	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this book, along with another, for the writer in my family. The cover is gorgeous, and the quality is amazing. I read about moleskin notebooks in a Stephen King book where a writer used them exclusively. I just knew that I had t have one for my sister. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is a writer, a person who journals, or anyone who just loves to have a beautiful book to keep track of their notes. This was well worth the money!
3830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the stamps. The Prisma colors are very nice, like the many colors. The stumps are ok, the solid ones are best. Don't care for the hallow ones.
7240	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit and a great price!!!
6780	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received this from Cross as a replacement for a less thatn acceptable Bailey fountain pen.  Since having received this quality writing instrument  I have been unable to put it down.  Wonderful quality workmanship.. The blue lacquer is more akin to blue gun metal finish and feels extraordinary in your hand.  The blue finish is accented and not overwhelmed by chromium accents.  While writing with teh Cross blue cartridge ink was a bit sub par, once I received the refillable cartridge and began using a Mont Blanc royal blue ink, this pen transformed into a spectacular writing  instrument.  needless to say I was a bit underwhelmed prior to switching to teh Mont Blanc ink.  Once I did, I became enamored with this fine writing instrument...
4747	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I decided to take up my aunt's mantle after she passed this year and began writing to all my friends and family instead of relying on Facebook to communicate with them.  I didn't want to always have to hop on my phone to grab their address to get my letters in the mail.
Appreciate the closure band, the page marker as well as the storage pocket.
I recommend these calculators for all my chemistry classes. I've never had to use the sin, cos, and tan buttons, but one feature that is especially useful in science class is the ability to shift between scientific notation and normal notation (end, sci/eng, right, enter). It sounds more complicated than it really is and once you do it once, you'll be fine.
589	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The build quality of the hanging file is pretty good. I can tell the material is durable and holds together well. The pockets have adequate room for most uses, but standard pieces of paper will bow over top heavy over time unless you lay them on their side (long ways). There are three holes in the top of the folder which provides hanging options and the holes are reinforced with metal - nice touch there.
Perfectly happy with this stapler, might make a great xmas exchange gift!
6904	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome pens, if you don't own one you should.
5805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These things have luxuriously thick pages to write on, and yet they're pliable and soft.  The color of the paper is slightly off white.  Great analogue feel for those who still love to wield a pen.  I've had the bookmark ribbon break off quickly in the last two I've bought, but the band that holds it closed has never failed me.  Has a pocket in the back for random scraps of paper.  I assume the cover material is pleather, but I like the feel.  A pleasure.
3011	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got this for all the male family members for Christmas, and at least one was used during the present un-wrapping!  A very fun gag gift, and suitable for both men and women.
6442	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great price, great product.  Came with a guide to help you know where to stick them in your Bible.  Would buy this again if I needed any.
5968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my artist daughter & she loves it.  She said the paper quality is great.
2617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very fun in the office
7003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have had a Cross ballpoint pen (with its matching pencil) like this when I was a kid. As I got older, I bought more because the quality and style of these pens are amazing. The pen feels comfortable in the hand, not like cheap "luxury" pens that are trying to fool you of its value by adding pointless weight to the body. This metal in the Cross Classic Century is lightweight which allows you to write longer as your hand won't get tired as fast. Also, the refills are easy to find and last a very long time (I still use one pen occassionally whose refill has been unchanged since 2004). I see a lot of complaints about Cross, mainly because they moved their manufacturing to China. When you think about it, though, had they kept manufacturing here in the States, would the prices be accessible to average consumers who want to still buy a luxury pen but don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a ballpoint pen? (Think of Mont Blanc for one.) But Cross pens are still top-notch pens in terms of quality, performance, and luxury. Though they might be built in a different location, they are still being built under the discretion of Cross management. I imagine this allows the company to survive the economic conditions our country's facing as well as bring down costs so that more people could have the experience of a Cross pen. I would highly recommend this pen.
5649	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought as gift. Great.
7775	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These little guys are cheap enough to have a few around.  The keys are well-organized.

2734	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Thought would be bigger. Did not read description right.
5890	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased many Moleskin notebooks and for the money they are the best for design and paper quality. I use fountain pens for notes and journalling so paper quality is important for bleed through smudging etc. lots of imitations but for the price they are number one.  5 stars.

789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for journal and sketches. Glad I bought it.
6680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Planner!
774	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lots and lots of great ideas for homeschooling. Some of your own ideas or ones you practice may be in here but there are many ideas on how to be more creative, more interesting and she uses a lot of household items for teaching aids. Are you new to homeschooling? You need this book.
So, I like it.


9080	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use this mouse daily on the computer and I am a freelance writer. The mouse pad is comfortable and stays in place.  The gel portion is comfortable and it is contoured in the middle to give additional support to the lower hand and wrist area.  Good product!
2126	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These small magnetic bookmarks are perfect for inexpensive and useful gifts. Eight little magnetic clips never damage the page or fall out of the book. You'll be surprised how quickly you'll use all eight!
9915	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fine
2874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	it's a great add on to help stay organized
8609	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Dont get this unless you need something with an odor to overpower everything in a room. Smells like gasoline for days. Beware!
The pot heats up very quickly, and quality control is excellent here.  Furtheremore, the tri-ply line comes with a lifetime warranty.  People have complained that just because it's not made in the US, and made in China, that it is of poorer quality.  Get off your xenophobic butts people; the quality of this line is excellent AND easy on your wallets.  I have no qualms about purchasing cookware in China, this is quite the exemplar.
4036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent product. keeps roots moist. I like it.

5014	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Hardbacked, classic Moleskine book.  Moleskine quality and emerald green color reminds me of Oz and wizardry.  Not my favorite because I can fill it up in about 1 hour with colorful thoughts (using my Mr. Sketch,Pilot and Sharpie stash).  Of course, that says more about me than about this item.

3407	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun, colorful name plates.
Overall, this is a very high quality notebook.  May be a bit overpriced, but so long as it stands the test of time I will definitely purchase more of them.
This binder is as beautiful as it is practical....highly recommend!
1570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the nicest planners.  I use them every year.  The hummingbird planner is especially pretty.
5759	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great half-sized sketchbooks. The paper is nice to draw on in pencil. Smooth, with very little tooth. The paper, cover and binding are strong enough to take a few punches. Seems to be similar paper to my main Moleskine sketchbooks, the Classic Soft Cover Notebook. These are my secondary sketchbooks. Cheap enough to have a few floating around the house and in bags and backpacks.
5618	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This color is fantastic! It is my new favorite notebook.
When I use too much water, the paper warps, but this isn't a problem because you close the notebook shut, come back after a few hours, the paper is flat again because the band keeps the notebook very tightly closed.
1742	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is on the wall in my husbands office at work. It has plenty of space to write in meetings, trips, employee vacation dates, etc.


CONS:
593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect for organizing.
1372	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these pens! They are colorful and bright and they are so smooth! :) I use them for various craft projects and they work perfectly! Some of the scents are more obvious than others are but that's fine. They are just plain awesome. So if you're a crafter like I am, you'll want to pick these up. ;) Happy crafting!
Regards,
6606	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As someone who's become overly reliant on Google Calendar, this organizer has been a great addition. I particular like the "tasks to execute" and "goals/projects" sections. Great deal for the price.
  -I have decided not to use the clip (relegating this pen to my desk forever) as it seems...weak; not well connected to rear tube and a pen falling from a pocket is always disconcerting.
1.  Small and light so will not weigh down/tear the page

1647	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift.  Was a huge success!
3017	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this as sort of a gag gift for my sister for Christmas. As a kid in the '80s, she loved being a library helper at school, with all the stamping and taking cards out of books and cataloging them. As adults, we joke that she should have become a librarian, but alas, everything's computerized nowadays so she probably wouldn't enjoy it as much anyway! So now she can play "librarian" at home! She thought it was a great gift.
8937	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like this more pad it has the cushion for your wrist to rest on.
The notebook  holds up well over time to. I have a couple I have carried around for almost 3 years and they survive the abuse well.

then get this one.


4846	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Moleskine hard-cover squared notebooks cannot be beat for field engineering work.  The paper is thick enough to not bleed through with most non-felt-tip pens.
49	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Seems to be rip-stop. Fits true to size.
8511	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have used this numerous times in College and it works perfectly and I would most definitely recommend this to anyone!
1741	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and I would recommend
I did find a better Bible pen that lives up to the claims made by ZEBRITE.

1561	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	ok
1231	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Too detailed and surface area to really color effectively.
3112	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a really cute pad. I got it to give to my therapist, and she loves it. Great gift.
1718	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Wayy too cheesy.  Every year we order a new calendar for the office as a little perk up each morning.  The jokes are roughly in the realm of dad jokes, if not worse.  "The Colby Cheese says he's very fondue of you"
4540	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works like a charm for the inspection forms I use at work. I have it hanging on my qube and it keeps its form for a lot of paper work.


3581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cheers up the table , perfect size ,nice quality.
4187	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Too small and pricey
Downfall is the binding is weak and bends easily but I took it to a local staples and had them rebind it for $1.43.  This was not even enough of a big deal for me to knock a star off!!!

- On setting up the timer, once you make an error by putting a wrong time (if you want 30 minutes but somehow you pressed the hour button), you cannot go backward unless you reset. To reset, you hold the Hour and Min button at the same time for a couple of seconds. Then the timer will go back to zero. Dont worry, it will not reset the clock, just the timer.
BATTERY REPLACEMENT WOES ON THE BA2+
7202	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Have been using this cartridge on an old laser printer in my home office for about 10 years now and I have no complaints.
The carafe is worth every penny, but I'd really think twice about dealing with the company that sells it.
The slim profile of this planner nestles easily in my medium sized purse. It also is easy to carry with other books in a messenger bag or backpack because of its depth. I've had thicker planners and didn't feel that was an advantage.
3366	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for teachers!
8912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I AM SURPRISED AT HOW MUSH IT HELPS MY WRIST DISCOMFORT PROBLEM. Unfortunately my cat likes it to - as a scratch-pad.... he's worth it.
  * Width
2946	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great, great gag item.  I ordered several.  Especially useful on those who have no sense of humor.
8980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	super wrist rest
770	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These seasonal holiday stickers are a must for any collector or card sender. Recommended for their timelessness and approachability. Very homey type images and they peel off easily from their backing as well. Will return to this seller happily and recommend these to everyone.
The daily columns are large enough to write in, and there are plenty of pages in the back to keep track of extra information.
Note a cover is not included. If you want one, you will need the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/J-A-Henckels-International-Classic-Clad-26-Centimeter-Lid/dp/B000CSCNKU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">J.A. Henckels International Classic Clad 26-Centimeter Lid</a>
7285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is excellent everyday paper. It is much brighter than regular copy paper and smoother. It is good value and I will buy it again.



3355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This journal  is great. You'll love the texture and the way it lays flat when writing.  It was better than I expected and satisfied my desire for new stationary type products for a while.
- Services #s 1 page
  -I have been more than impressed with the functioning of the pen's twist mechanism as it shown no signs of play while smoothly opening and clos-ing the pen.
5992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Moleskine notebooks. This one is the perfect size (composition book sized). College ruled, which I love. Paper isn't too thin so doesn't tear all the time. Very nice notebook.
You may pay more, but you get a much higher quality product when you buy Moleskine. I will be a Moleskine customer for life.
7461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was shipped quickly and it works great. It's not too big and not too small. Overall, it's a calculator and it does it's job.
3541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my little polka dot pitcher. The size is medium and perfect for what I use it for. Shipment was very prompt and it came exactly as described!
5613	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time purchasing this. The last one I had held up wonderfully. There is plenty of room for notes on both the calendar and note pages. Very nice pocket calendar.
9239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great


8837	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As expected
9036	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pad.  Comfortable.
4805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is the best quality.
The map has a glossy finish but it is not stiff.  I guess when people read it is laminated, they associate that with laminated ID cards which are hard plastic.  This is best described as paper with a waterproof coating on it. I was not concerned about the coating as we plan to frame this and put it on the wall in our spare bedroom and use pins to mark all the places we travel to.
This is simply an exquisite journal. The solid black slightly textured cover is gorgeous and so soft, it feels wonderful in your hands. The pages are of such high quality and absolutely do lay flat for journaling just as the seller indicates. The seller's pictures, while accurate, just do not do this journal justice. It has far exceeded my expectations.

484	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to the class room.

8244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I usually use Hallmark's greeting card paper and like it a lot.  Avery's product is equally good.  It is a true matte finish, so if you want a little more shine, this isn't for you.  The stock is thick enough that the printing doesn't show through and the fold is neat and professional.  No need to buy pre made cards if you have these on hand.  I use American Greeting's printable option a lot but my kids like to make their own cards with it.  They look much better than trying to fold your own card stock.  I would highly recommend these.
7399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gave to my coworkers whose calculator had broken and she's mentioned numerous times how she loves her little calculator.  Thanks!
It usually lasts me about one year+ so the cost is reasonable though not the best value out there

657	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	i increased my stars from 1 to 3, because even though size mattered to me (a lot because the friend they were purchased for only wants cards she can put 4x6 pictures in), the cards are very pretty, i didn't give them to the friend they were originally purchased for.  hopefully they have corrected the size error on the page where you order them.
In conclusion, some others here have also mentioned something about a smell to it.  I do smell some newness to it, but pardon me if I don't give a crap.  It's new, it smells a little like a lot of new things do, and it will go away...Live with it till then.  Altogether a great style and quality mouse pad that comes at just about a fair a price that you will find...Highly recommended..
8719	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Really great mouse pad.  I held off making a rating until I used this for quite a while.  As I have some carpal tunnel nerve damage from very extensive writing, a mouse pad is a must for me, not an option.  This mouse mat remains very comfy, even after a couple of years of use.  There is a slight bevel in the center of cushy part where your wrist is normally resting.  That is expected from using it a great deal, but it is not extensive and in no way interferes with the comfort of the mouse pad.  I've had others wear out in far less time but this one is great, particularly for those of you who spend a lot of time on the computer.
6598	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved it for school and work...highly recommend it. Just wish the pages were a little bigger, but fits perfectly in my small handbags.
1597	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a smaller crockpot to cook for two people, and this one is perfect.  Works very well, easy to set and clean.  Exactly what I wanted.  The only thing I don't like is the wide lip surface that extends out from the front, obviously necessary to accommodate the electronic controls on the front.  This surface gets very hot and is right in front at the edge of the interior crock container, so you have to use caution to not touch this hot surface.  It is a cooker, it is going to be hot.  Not rocket surgery to figure this out, so I don't consider that a major negative.

3041	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what my office needed. Air your grievances appropriately!
6768	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I need it. Very professional and simple to use. Looks and feels good quality.
6705	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I do like this, but the issue i run into is that i like to keep a list of all my tasks and then work on them each day, but this makes it a little harder to carry tasks from week to week.  If you get things done better than I do, if would work perfectly! :)
1.  The top has too many pieces (5;  cover cup, inner cup, coffee screw-on stopper, main screw-on top & a removable poly seal)
851	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Beatles' SGT. PEPPER'S LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND is a finely painted multi-colored musical canvas that came out in the summer of 1967.  The record further enhanced The Beatles sound and presence within rock and roll, and for the most part, musical history.  Pause for a moment and imagine listening to this album for the first time within the context of the time in which it was created.  There is no doubt that this was yet another leap that the band took forward to craft and reinvent their musical skills.  This is the Beatles and not the Wrecking Crew.
Like I said, this is not a planner you can just pick up and start using; you have to check the instructions first. Because of the way this planner is set up, I'm going to be getting one for my niece (who is a mom and a realtor).
725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite engagement planner.  The art work is beautiful!  Nice spaces for writing notes, appts., etc.  MB is a talented artist.  I try and get one of these every year!
9843	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I have loved these labels in the past.  IDK what has changed but the DO NOT stick well at all.  I have MOST of my file folder labels peeling up on the sides!  I'm very disappointed! I sure hope they fix this issue soon!
5139	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine products are top quality. Have bough off brand in the big book stores and have been disappointed. Not worht the risk when you need a journal to last.
2680	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	funny.
4582	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My granddaughter loved it
1461	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift
The quality of the binding is really swell, really durable and the expandable pocket is great for note cards or things of the sort, I haven't tried cramming anything in there, but I'll test that out later.
anthonytrendl.com
283	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this is great
6389	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product, fast delivery!
6319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, well constructed, and a great size for packing along just about anywhere.  But, not so small that it's hard to write in.  I especially love the reporter design, as it allows you to push up the page your writing as you near the bottom to maintain an even support under the writing hand.  In the book style (side to side) notebooks, one's hand starts falling off the bottom of the page, and with that goes some legibility in penmanship.  A very good permanent storage notebook, unlike the spiral bounds which eventually wear at their perforations and begin straying from the herd.  Note, the elastic on this notebook began to weaken and fray after a year of frequent use.  Eventually I'll have to remove it, but I'll still have a great notebook with some precious notes in it.
4519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks nice on my classroom boards.

6678	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best planner out there.
4894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Glad I made this choice. Light weight and fits perfectly in my pocket. Plenty of pages for writing, nifty little pocket, and bookmark. Would buy again.
7708	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great calculator. It's lightweight and about the size of my hand with the fingers spread (I have small hands).Tapping the keys gives feedback (tapping sound and resistance on the keys) so you know you've hit them. Numbers on the keys and on the display are big and clear. display is not back lit, but is very easy to read.
Personally I find Reverse Polish Notation ("RPN"), which is what this calculator uses, to be easy and intuitive.  Many do; some don't.  RPN takes the place of brackets in an arithmetical expression and is easy to learn.
160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
796	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They are beautiful!
7185	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Our favorite paper for our business.  Sturdy, bright white.
1365	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	In description it did not say they were pastel or multi colored. But they do have very nice strong scent that lasts on paper. You can see the darker colors on white paper.
8117	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had used a TI-83 calculator for collage, and then when I took calculus I was required to purchase a new calculator.  The one I chose was the TI-86 because I liked the TIs so much.  .  A choice that I have not regretted  since purchasing it in 1999.  It is very well built, the features are clear  and easy to learn and even after being dropped more than its fare share,  this calculator for the last year has worked flawlessly.  I would recommend  this calculator to anyone that needs a calculator that can handle calculus.
8508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this Texas Instruments calculator.
7875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality
6591	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've always liked this system.  It's similar to the Franklin Quest / Covey system from years ago, but a bit lighter weight leaner in it's layout.  I like that it has a little pen holder and that you can basically just keep everything all together.  It's a terrific partner to a digital calendar, because you can actually see things and create a plan and block time.  It's not super fancy, but gets the job done.
5912	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm.
9046	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is hands down, the best mouse pad I have ever used!  It is super comfortable to rest my wrist on (like a cushy cloud!)


1455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased many different notebooks from Christian Art Gifts and I love them all. Good quality paper and covers, with great covers and Biblical quotes throughout. Also, all of their products are very reasonably priced, highly recommend.
8173	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I only make my own greeting cards and have been for many years, the scored greeting cards and the texture of these cards is good. I noticed there are less greeting cards to a box.
4075	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very nice detailed stamp with a hint of mystery. Can be used by crafters or mixed media artists. I would recommend this item to others.
5607	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love moleskin, so I'm biased. In my opinion its the only way to go.
3287	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good.
7628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had this calculator on my desk for a long time. It has a decent display and good action on the buttons.
Aside from the function, this dish is aesthetically beautiful. It's hand made according to the information I received with it, and it's made in Italy. It truly is old world craftsmanship, which is a welcome alternative from the influx of Asian goods. I have nothing against Asian goods because some are well made, but there is something special about hand crafted Italian ceramics when serving Italian (or any Mediterranean) style food. Presentation is half the pleasure and this is an authentic way to serve olives or other antipasti or meze.
It isn't easy to write a review about something so uncomplicated, so, the bottom line, is that it does its one job as well as any mouse pad could be expected to do, and probably better than many others.
7217	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The color of the paper is a little bluish actually. Not bright white. Paper is of great quality and does not jam a printer.
3161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I teach preschool. The individual colors help my students color code KWL's and Have, Can, and Are's. It is fantastic and we use it every day!
2759	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Knock Knock products and I love sticky notes.  Win-win situation
3051	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoy this list. Gives me a chuckle when I'm irritated with a boss or someone. :) Great as a stocking stuffer or for a friend having a bad day.
709	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the calendar- great quality and great large size. A classic that I'm happy they are still producing. I would highly recommend this
7288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I do various projects, and this is the paper that I enjoy working with, colors comes out real nice.
1175	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I write fifteen to twenty thank you cards a week to my staff at work thanking them for various things so I was super excited when I was given the opportunity to purchase these at a special price to test for quality and give my honest opinion of them.  These cards are top of the line made of heavy linen cardstock.  The "Thank You" is raised with a deer beneath.  The inside of the card is blank so you can use them for anything.

2739	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	too funny not to share
9379	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite mouse-pad. Works best for claw type mice, might be cramped for plam users.
7319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	While I doubt many will see this review, I must say to those who do that this wrist rest with mousepad has been in use at both my office and home for over 10 years.  Only recently has one of the wrist rests started to get a little too flat, which seems to be attributed to the loss of some air in one of the gel packs.
5455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this is a a great notebook!
6244	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as office supplies for a coworker who really likes them.
I like the blank pages on the right hand side of each open spread. Great for notes! But that is the same format we found in the dollar planner, too!  I also like the elastic closure that holds this shut in a neat, tidy little book.  The dollar version does not have this.
9642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable, and smooth, nice and clean, the gel pad is heaven on my wrist. not very wide, nice and tall. Fits great on my desk, would fit even better on a desk that is rather narrow or a corner unit.
5372	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I normally love all things Moleskine but this pen is just disappointing.  I would have expected a pen of this quality to be about 1/4 the price that I paid for it, and I won't be wasting money on it again.

This shredder is fine for smaller loads, but for larger offices, it is impractical. It will overheat if used too much. Businesses that have a larger load will need a larger shredder. But for smaller offices, this shredder is one of the best on the market, easily worth the price you pay for it.
4170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome calendar.  Love Maxine!  I get one every year.
9869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can't read my writing so need to label
It's everything a moleskine is, but... well... bigger.
8007	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator for students who are sill taking classes or standardized exams that forbid graphical calculators, but do allow intermediate calculators for checking work, using basic trig functions, etc.
7979	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality!
1828	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is very bright, and perfect for any classroom bulletin board!
6489	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for meetings
If you are wondering whether or not the Moleskines are worth the extra money, the answer is simple... YES.
8995	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm still acclimating to this. I tend to use it turned around because the high cushion is awkward for me, though the flat section cushioning is excellent at doing what I need, which is protecting my wrist from the edge of the table where I use my desktop computer.
5253	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These notebooks are nice and thin, with flexible covers. I like that they aren't bulky and they lay flat when you open them. I have one or two of them nearby at all times to take down notes or do sketches in. The pages are strong, but not stiff; the color is off-white or cream.
8626	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am using this now as I write this review. I like it!
*If you do want to do this, it helps to know that many cultures that are available are not reusable. I didn't realize that initially and tried a few that didn't seem to keep working. Then I leaned that you need an heirloom culture.
3735	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for an alternative to plastic to heat water for tea in the microwave.  This cute little pitcher will hold enough water for two 10 oz glasses of tea.  I heat the water in the pitcher, drop in a tea ball for 5 minutes, and have tea for the day.  I only drink iced tea so I make the tea early so it can cool down by the afternoon.  I gave the pitcher 4 stars because the handle gets hot.  I leave the pitcher out on the counter and the black dots are quite perky and match the black on my other appliances.  I like this pitcher a lot.
9761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
Other than that it's pretty high quality.
  * Technology / Form Factor
I know it has been over a year since I bought this toner but I have printed fewer than 250 pages and the cartridge keeps getting the roller coated with toner - the wipers are all clogged with toner and the pages are all coming out with black shading covering almost the whole page. Wiping the roller with an optical cleaning cloth and turning the roller to wipe additional areas only causes the clogged wipers to add toner film back on the roller - terrible quality - I will be notifying other people on my review. I would avoid this dealer - this is not a quality product.
9161	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very nice
7838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good buy!!!!
2472	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Matches my favorite journal.
5314	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Most people agree that Moleskine notebooks are one of the best around, with their quality craftsmanship and smart design. If you'll use the free Evernote app as well, then this Moleskine line is an ideal companion. Not only does it come with up to three month of Evernote Premium, it also has a few sheets of cool smart stickers in the back pocket. These stickers can be used to tag and sort your notes as you go, which the app picks up on when you scan the pages.
6253	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great to keep thoughts when you are on the go.
39	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My kids got this with their Adventure Bible and love it.  The quality is great too.  Four more words required...
5639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, highly recommend it.
7016	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	This model has Cross' "satin chrome", not the normal bright polished chrome.  You can look at it hanging on the wall of any major office supply store instead of ordering it blindly online.
When this mouse pad wears out, I'll probably buy another of the same.  Until they come up with direct mental control over the cursor, this works just fine.
4395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just as advertised
7227	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good printing paper
852	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Back in the late 1960's, my life revolved around music. Although I wasn't a musician, many of my friends were. My involvement was on the technical side and I recorded many local bands using the primative recording equipment of the time.
2003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	SMART BOOKMARKS!
9696	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The gel rest has made my typing life much easier.  Reduces pains in the wrists and lets you type as fast as ever.
7920	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	last long, works well
7193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	paper was fine, what an unexciting product
5494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I  LOVE this book. Perfect for my bullet journal.
7019	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had a cross pen and lost it.  I couldn't stand not having it so bought this one.  It is just as nice and when I am writing with it, I love it.
7343	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great resource for viewing the world outside our own little space.  Good globe for the price.
631	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It was so fun to send these to people unexpectedly. Everyone loved getting it, too. I had compliment after compliment.
7436	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best there is
8556	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will order from this vendor again if the need arises.  The Texas Instruments TI83 Graphing Calculator was delivered quickly, and in pristine condition, along with the CD, and I have experienced zero problems.  The pricing was competitive, which is why I chose them in the first place.  I don't think you will have any problems if you order from this vendor.
6778	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very good

8009	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Did everything I needed it to do. Not as good as my graphing calculator but a great backup for my office.
2113	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like it a lot, but the bead left an indent on the bookmaker that won't come out.
8056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This simple standard scientific calculator has served me since middle school up until today, my 3rd year of college. This calculator lasted incredibly long (7 years) and I did not have to replace batteries even once yet. I highly recommend these for any seeking a calculator for math courses.
7601	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	MOST EXCELLENT
1401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
  * 10,000 - 19,999 pages
8395	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought these used and they were in great shape and are still working
5193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine is awesome.  You buy it, you get it, you use it.  It's always the same and it always works well.
- Emergency medical contacts 1 page
8367	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I needed this calculator for my college statistics course and have to learn it's functions. My son-in-law is a nuclear physics engineer and tried it out and was impressed. It came brand new at a good price.


For the purposes of printing up office flyers and other everyday items you would like to present to others at the office - it's about the same.
2529	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comes packaged in a tube, rolled up. Quality is great. Exactly what I was expecting. Is NOT laminated if that is what you are looking for.
2016	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great for our homeschool.  Everyone can have a color and mark without interrupting other's use of the book!
- Trucks
2.  Size:  If smaller sized notebooks feels claustrophobic, then A4 size should do.  A backpack or a briefcase can easily accommodate this notebook.
2502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this laminated map. I got it to help visualize/plan several trips this year as we are in the college search process. It is fairly thin, but I have not found that to affect the quality of the product. I use vis-a-vis pens to map our routes, they are easy to see and wipe off cleanly. The map is big enough to easily see major cities in each state and see the state boundaries, but is not large enough to map out routes on specific roads...you'll need a more detailed map for that. I like that there is also plenty of room in the border for me to make notes as to length of drive time between our stops...it just gives a handy overview of the plans.
7178	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have now had this perfectly flat larger-than-most mouse pads at my fingertips for several days.  Strangely enough, for something so simple and design so intuitive, I am mousing better with it than the Fellowes that I wore out several mice over quite a few years.  The old pad was much smaller and the end towards me had a sack of rubbery gel used a wrist rest.  It may have wrested my rist or whatever, but I was always running out of real estate when I worked.  This far larger pad speeds up my work and minimizes errors.

7030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Such a great addition to our homeschool room. I love that it's all magnetic and easy for the kids to change around each day. My only complaint is that I wish it was bigger. But really that's a non-issue. I would recommend.

5850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I keep coming back to Moleskin because other sketchbooks just don't have this nice paper quality.  Moleskin has a true off white that is not shiny or mushy at all.
Part number: C3150A
> None so far
4537	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wow, finally got all my needs sorted out - wahoo!!
4882	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful notebook
1751	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	adorable calendar, I love the Yoga cats, I order this calendar every year, the cats are cute, and there is enough room to write on each day  of the week.
1812	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very nice!
6686	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	to small can't handle .
9889	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product works exactly as described.  Fast Shipping.
2715	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great to designate chores and remember to get things done!
Born and raised in Hawaii, we don't think much about where each state is located until we have to travel. So this helps us pick a different spot every year to visit.
7127	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The picture in the ad is a real HP toner cartridge box, and the description says it is from Hewlet Packard.  However many of the items for sale are NOT genuine HP cartridges, and others are genuine, but refilled cartridges with "NEW" as the condition.
6315	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I go through a moleskine in about 3-4 months.  This dimension is perfect for me.  I tend to use the sketchbook in a portrait manner versus landscape.  This allows this long vertical strip to jot my notes.
All trim is rhodium  the chrome look gives a nice contrast to the blue lacquer.

9285	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My wrist has not hurt anymore.
editor, HungarianBookstore.com
The paper is a little thinner than my last Moleskine notebook, but I'm not seeing a lot of ink bleedthrough.
2887	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use them all the time, so cute!  Much better than the plain ones
8414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	No issues.
Notes: I received my first one of these as a gift. I was surprised at how much I liked it. I filled it up very quickly and ordered three more. I will be taking these little guys with me everywhere from now on.

8863	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
8176	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very nice
5260	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been a longtime Moleskine journal user, but have never used the Cahier style previously.  I LOVE the flexible covers, and the fact that they are not as thick as the hardbound journals -- perfect to stick in a book for note taking or to stick inside the cover of my iPad for jotting things down. Possibly my new favorite Moleskine, although I do wish they had the band closure or a ribbon marker.
Maybe less appealing to Britney Spears-type listeners, this album was ahead of it's time in so many ways that I can't list here.
8546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have two teenagers going to the local community college and my wife just started college too. We had my old TI-30X scientific from when I went for my MBA so we ordered two more of he TI-30X which is the updated version of the same calculator I had.  Can't beat the price and color selection.
5974	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this incorrectly thinking it was the squared version that has pages that are like engineering paper.  When I got it I realized it was just blank pages and then realized it was my fault for failing to read the description/title correctly.  I have since gotten the squared version (professional series though) and absolutely love it.  I use it to take daily notes and draw up diagrams/charts/tables etc.  I am an engineer and have found it is perfect for the types of things I do.
9241	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.  Has held up to hours of daily use so far.
2177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Super affordable but the bookmark is of high quality. It beats all the over priced bookmarks you come across in Barnes & Nobles.
Take a look at the Sharp EL-W516X for exactly the same price. It's a day and night difference. You can't even see the digits under 45 angle.
2763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love all the knock knock notes, though not all of them are appropriate to be used as work. This one is so I use it at work all the time. It's a cute and fun way to take little notes for myself and others. It would make a cute little gift for a coworker as well. It doesn't stick all that well but a little tape takes care of that problem so I don't mind at all.
Highly recommended for those like me, but still wishing for something better!
1256	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These are worthless! The print is too small, the quality is bad!
4398	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for my husband's Bible and he loves them. He took about 45 minutes to an hour to apply them to his bible. Unfortunately, he did not read the instructions so he's unable to actually see the Genesis tab until he's opened up to that page. Please review the instructions first. They're simple, yet crucial.
- then it's 2016 holidays
If you are struggling with jumbled thoughts and forgotten ideas, and general disorganization, this thing is the perfect first step. We need to stop relying so much on electronic devices and go back to good old pen and paper!
7930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this expecting the buttons to stick like mine did 19 years ago when I got mine for middle school.  I was a little disappointed when they didn't. These calculators are such good quality now. The screen is really clear and easy to read and the buttons are easy to read. Even the secondary symbols are easy to read. I'd definitely recommend this.

1. High-quality materials. The paper is great to write on with pen or pencil (I always use pencil) without bleed-through. The hardback cover feels amazing; it's a creamy, smooth texture that feels good in the hand & is easy to grip. The binder is made so that you can spread the planner flat without breaking the outer binding. That's genius, especially for those of us who will be using this to the fullest. (Don't overlook the pocket at the back of the planner, btw.)
7369	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this calculator 12 years ago and still use almost daily.  The keys still have a nice feel and the functions are logically layed out.  Although it sits at my desk now it spent several years being transported to and from work in a backpack or briefcase.  The only thing I don't use it for are business calculations.  I have an HP10B for those.  I can't say enough good things about the HP32SII.
7672	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I read the reviews before purchasing this calculator.  This thing is gorgeous.

7695	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	replaced the same model of calculator that lasted for years
I still don't find it comfortable, and will likely replace this mouse pad with a simpler one, resuming my use of a bead-filled wrist rest.

6094	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	How was this not in my life before? I think everyone should carry one all the time. You will look super smart and organized.

Hey: I just noticed this under "My Orders": You purchased this item on June 7, 2017. Style: Paper | Size: 3-roll pack | Color: Black Print on White
2125	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes!  Finally a page marker/bookmark which actually works, isn't unobtrusive or bulky, doesn't fall off, nor rip pages when trying to remove.  I'm using these in my fauxdori traveler's notebook, and now that I see how well they work, I'm going to include a set with each of the fauxdori notebooks I'm making as gifts, and since there are so many different 'themes', I will be able to select a set specific to the recipient.  I love it when a plan comes together!
3317	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Each day has a wonderful devotional. My sister bought one for me and I liked it so much that I bought this one for my mom.
3688	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are for my granddaughter's birthday in November.  They go perfect with her theme of pink puppies.

5746	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These Moleskine sketchbooks are a great buy and decent price for a high quality sketchbook that is perfect for having a sketchbook that is keeper. It's the perfect size to carry anywhere and great paper that will hold up for the long term.
2027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Item received is exactly as described on the website
6042	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice sketchbook. It's not too small and not too big, perfect size.

771	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great ideas and suggestions for all ages



9732	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The only disappointment to me is that it only has room for documents, not manila folders, but that is something I should have verified prior to purchase. So I still have loose folders floating around the van, but my invoices fit nicely, and it is well made. Keepin' it.
Rhodia Orange LD 5-1/2X8-1/4 Webnotebook
  Cover already showing signs of wear after a few weeks
  * 165 Watt
7266	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When in doubt, I always rely on 24 lb. HP paper to use with my good old  faithful 15-year-old HP printer.  I've had very good luck with this particular HP Inkjet paper, which never seems to get stuck inside the printer or  sometimes blurs content or shoves out multiple blank pages among the printed ones. etc.
Uh-oh.

1158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have very thick, coarse, curly hair. I have tried every product under the sun to keep the frizz at bay. I really like this jojoba oil. I have used Argan oil for months; I switched to give the jojoba oil a try. It works just as well, if not better. When I first get out of the shower I put a dropper full  around my head, close the scalp, and around the ends. I comb it through and style as usual. It definitely keeps my curls more defined and keeps the frizz away. I was given the opportunity to test and try this product in my home. Would I recommend it? Absolutely. Great for curls.

I use pens -Pilot Gtec- or -Pilot V5- mainly, but have also tried -Lamy- fountain pens and they all have worked fine, without much bleeding or spreading of the ink. Pencil won't work very well, there's not enough tooth for a good mark without pressing hard or having to sharpen every 10 seconds, BUT mechanical pencils (0.5mm or thinner) work fine. When using ink, you can see some of your writing on the next page due to the sheets being thin, but I got used to it already. Many people have complained about this fact, but if you want a paper that doesn't compromise on texture or thickness you'll likely have to pay more for a japanese or european-made notebook that could also be harder to buy or order more in the future.
3397	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Cute colorful border.
8201	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love to make my own cards for Christmas and holidays.  This is a good product. II like this brand.
6191	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very good quality notebook that sets the standard for these type.

I had an Innovera mouse pad before (http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B000X7MLW0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_20) and the plastic was starting to unglue from the bottom after a while. I'm glad I don't have to worry about this mouse pad falling apart!
8686	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great


for quick pencil sketching: 3 stars
3671	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute. I got these for my wedding day because we had catered food in the bridal suite and I wanted special paper goods. Great price.
3914	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Corelle plates and bowls have been with our household ever since I remember.
3425	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loves these cards.  I think anyone who buys these flash cards will be pleased.  I don't see any problems with the cards lasting and being passed down to new brother when he is old enough.

If you are a regular joe or jane looking for a calculator, I also recommend the HP 12C, since everyone is doing financial calculations all the time in real life (or you should learn!), we all borrow money or invest, or write checks, or charge something on a charge card. Learn to use the stack registers, and you need never balance your checkbook again.
Well worth the price and with free delivery via your Prime membership the deal is that much sweeter.
  * Software type
5448	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for about 6 years now and it's the standard.

2638	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved the product.  Thank you for quick shipment.
9127	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this Mouse pad. It supports my wrist well and the mouse glides easily.

7026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very helpful to teach kids about the calendar
6743	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Dedicated sections are wonderful except there is not one for assignments but I can use the teamwork section for that since we don't really have team projects very often in any of the classes I take.

491	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The chart is great. I only wish they had a package that was more suitable for preschool. This would include jobs like calendar helper and lunch helper.
2873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	:)

210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loves the book.
2923	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	got these for my dad..  I hope he remembers to use them!
3959	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the cover color. Plenty of space to write my appts & to dos and perfect size to cerry in my hand bag. Also the extra pocketvin the front os perfect to carry little recipets , extra stickers and there is alreafy stickers included in the planner itself with card slots in the back .
4. The eraser is much smaller.  With the old pencil mechanism being as wide as the pencil body, the eraser plug was as large as could fit inside it making it almost as large as a normal pencil eraser.  The new one, having to plug into a converter fitted inside a ballpoint-size mechanism, is about half that size.  Not only does it wear down faster, but using a stupid skinny little eraser makes the erasing process take longer.
6523	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this once & I bought it again
In fact, I cannot think of any record keeping activity that would be outside the scope of this great little set. It would also make a good diary, if you are a concise writer with a family that respects your privacy. In addition to the color coding, the set include labels with the names of months, so that you don't have to remember that September is a beautiful sapphire blue.
271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I can't say enough about this product. I home school my son and this product has been a lifesaver. I do have a full size white board hanging on the wall as well. This is still the board of choice. Its so easy. It stays open in triangle formation with Velcro at the bottom so it stays open very well. When your done undo the Velcro and it folds flat to store easily. I keep it right at the desk so its perfect for any concept you may be trying to explain quickly where the whole wall board is  not really necessary. This is double sided also. Both sides are white boards and both sides are magnetic !! it can be in the middle of  two students and both can use it at the same time without seeing the others work. The board wipes fairly easy but even better if you use some Expo (white board care Cleaner) . Then everything comes right off. I would definitely recommend their product. The price is also very very fair . These white boards , especially magnetic ones, can get pretty pricey.
3919	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I guess my husband got tired of me showing this to him and asking him to guess how much it costs because I got one for my birthday!  I looked at this blender for over two years trying to justify buying it, after all it is just a blender, or so I thought.

One note: if you are going to use this to  tack telephone cable or electrical wire I would highly recommend buying the  T-25 instead (it wasn't on Amazon at the time of this review, but I suspect  it will be here soon.) That model has curved staples and a guide to feed  the wire, resulting in a much lower chance of puncturing through the  insulation. It is very good for hiding all the assorted self-installed  'networks' and 'audio systems' in your house.
- Size. It does matter. In this case, these notebooks are the perfect size to carry in my front pocket and yet they have enough writing space for what I use them for. When I'm not carrying my current moleskine, it lives inside my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Saddleback-Leather-Thin-Briefcase-Large/dp/B002YFTABO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Saddleback Leather Thin Briefcase Large</a>.
Do yourself a favor if you plan on buying this new chinese cross set.
I've had several multi-function tools with pliers before, and eventually you ask more of the pliers than what they are capable of doing. Next thing you know, the pliers have been torqued way out of alignment. These pliers are very robust and could be used effectively to turn a stubborn nut or pipe. It's because of the way they're shaped into the hammer head, because the hammer head needs some steel in it to be useful. But also because of the shape, the pliers are going to be best for nuts or pipe that fit into the rounded jaws. Anything too small for the rounded jaws and you'll have to use the flat part of the pliers. Any nut over 5/8" and I think you'll find yourself with an awkward bite and handhold. Fully closed, the aperture is 3/8". At full open, the aperture is 1". Btw, the pliers are perfect for tightening your car battery posts, old style and new.
9619	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought the calculator for Accounting classes, and now it is just laying there not used. But it is good enough for the first Accounting classes, then you do better upgrade your calculator.
Cons:  The map (and lamination) is rather thin.  The lamination is not heavy-duty enough to prevent tears or rips.  We're protecting it further by hanging it on the wall inside a cheap poster frame.
9896	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great

504	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this thing. I docked it a star because it doesn't come with it's own hooks or folders. I just use 3m hooks and got my own folders. It's a plasticy type of material but that's ok. It's perfect to store my business in/out, paid/unpaid, etc receipts.
I now own knives from  the following manufacturers:  Henckel; Wusthof; Miyabi; and Caphalon LX.  (And I just purchased knives by Tojiro.)  I can't say that the LX knives are better than the Japanese knives.  But I do find them to be better than the German ones (Henckel and Wusthof.)
5067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook provides enough space for early design work that I need for my job.  It's good for more detailed note taking and for subjects that you know you'll need to work around for years.  I use this notebook during the execution phase on products and I take every meeting note, every design sketch and bug list that I need to make away from a computer.
In the front you can mark of the days as you go and tally each month. I keep a running total so I can see exactly where we stand. For my own purposes to stay on track...at the end of each month I divide the remaining months in the year by the number of days left in the year. That tells me the minimum number of days I want to school that month. We run January - December so my goal is to have a light summer with July off and December off. We take breaks as needed since our state doesn't have a schedule requirement.
349	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great poster! Well made! Easy to read and locate things on the map. Good learning resource for any classroom or homeschool.
- The image on the bookmark is excellent!  The amazon image doesn't do it justice
However, when I use the White Dymo labels, they print perfectly each and every time
1701	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My favorite Peanuts calendar. On my desk, and  every day it puts a smile on my face.


This planner set is ideal for someone who prefers a small paper planner and calendar over electronic versions and many such people are already Moleskine fans. They will be very pleased indeed with this set because they will have thirteen toys to play with instead of just one--plus the stickers!
1698	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I've heard a lot of people say The Argyle Sweater is like The Far Side. Um, no.
Overall a very nice looking binder; as nice as any I have.
396	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a map and it does its job very well. I bought this to hang on the wall and plan a road trip so it was nice to have a large map to draw out a game plan. The lamination on this map is enough to keep it protected if you plan to hang it on the wall or in a classroom, but it's not too thick where it's heavy and unwieldy.
8598	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I didn't take math my senior year of high school and didn't know where my calculator was when I started college.  I bought this one because it was cheap, compared to the TI 83 that I wanted.  I used it for 2 years before it was damaged (my fault, not a product defect).

7972	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator was purchased for my high school son and has performed extremely well.  The case has proven to be virtually indestructible!
5894	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these and have used one as a recipe book. It works well for what I bought it for! My husband also really likes them. They're handy little notebooks and sturdy too!
If you like Moleskine, this is for you.  I use this in addition to my mostly digital life, it's still nice to have paper to keep notes and put papers in.
332	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a durable wall map of the United States with an attention to detail, you can do much worse than this wall map.  I purchased this map to help my students learn about the United States as I taught English in Ukraine.  They enjoy the vibrant colors and the details that this map provides.  The map looks good hanging on the classroom wall and I can tell it will last for a very long time.  I recommend it for any teacher or even for a person who just wants a good all around map of the United States for their bedroom or dorm room.
8343	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
This newer model has a nice little compartment for the battery, which need only be opened with a single screw.  So, the entire back of the calculator need not be taken off -- with the slight dangers, therein, of getting dust into the machine, or disturbing the delicate circuitry, in the half a minute or so, that it takes to change the battery.  With a neat little separate oompartment for the battery changing, the rest of the back of the machine need not be disturbed at all!
5554	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect LITTLE notebook. it fits in the palm of my hand and i can keep it in the back cover pocket of my regular moleskine planner,
1669	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these bookmarks!
9974	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Work very good in my DYMO Label Writer 330. They also have a very long shelf life. I have purchased these before from Amazon.
The notepad is just big enough to have her write things (she has a big handwriting), compared to my post-it notes.
2414	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	these are nice small phone books to have a paper copy of numbers incase your computer or phone breaks and your not backed up.
2572	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Came on time and looked as expected, It will be a gift so I will be waiting to see how much the receiver likes it.
1943	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	These are a great addition of my Zantangle books.  The cards are small and feature a design on front, with step by step directions on the back.  My middle school students also enjoy using these when Zentangling in class.  They are portable and easy to carry with you wherever you go.
3495	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat Cavallini for small desktop calendars. I faithfully get a few of these for desks every year. The Italian theme reminds me of time spent in lovely Italy. The quality of the paper is good enough that you could use the illustrations for scrapbooking or framing.
Already bought a second one to have on deck as my current one is about full.
8143	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Best option if you are not allowed a graphing calculator. Has many functions.
  * Technology

4067	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great stamp
2. The size and feel is tremendous

287	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We had purchased Melissa & Doug magnets & had some made & went looking for a board.  THIS IS IT!  It is so reasonable and has been in use ever since we received it.  You can spell words, put the Leap Frog base on it to put in letters/animals, numbers, etc.  It is also double sided.  Even though it's not intended they also like to put things under/inside the board.  They can roll things through it.  Highly recommend & every child should have one to put their magnets on.
I use the cash flow functions and abilities when working out loan options and looking into refi issues and more.  Having a calculator that makes this so easy is always handy.  I've even taken it with me when buying a car and can calculate the payment info quicker than the car dealers using their computers.
9662	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is a good calculator as would be expected from Texas Instruments, who have been in the calculator business for decades.  A calculator should do the functions that it is supposed to do, which this calculator does.  However, like several other's have noted, the keys can be a challenge.  I've had to start over after entering a number due to the numbers not enterring as they should have.  A good press of the keys takes care of that issue, but most calculators do not need to have the keys pressed firmly for the correct operation...  If Texas Instruments could redesign around the key issue, this would be a five star calculator, as the case and display are well designed. I have only used this calculator for a total of maybe 15 - 20 hours, and the keys may work better over time, but I have not seen any change during the timeframe noted.
4874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Recommended by organizing, time management expert Stever Robbins and I am so glad I got these, they are just the perfect size notebook.
9311	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This mouse pad is a good combination of value and performance.
I also have a couple of their black hardcover versions, and can recommend either the sketchbooks or watercolor versions if you're looking for a thicker page over the sheer number of pages!
other than that this is a good buy! love it!
I received one of these timers in order to review it at a significant discount.
4522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	beautiful colors
5078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love the Moleskine journals.  Amazing!

5303	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine notebooks are known for their construction and the quality of the paper used within them. These Evernote Smart Notebooks are no different in that regard. I use Moleskines daily for note-taking, journaling, and sketching. Love them.

2464	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a well made, sturdy, and unusually large bookmark (I like the size). It's very sturdy and feels as if it should last indefinitely, provided that it's not abused. I love the design on the bookmark with the owls; it's very funny. I purchased this (the price is great, by the way) as a stocking stuffer for an owl lover, and it was a big success!
1717	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We like all things Mary Engelbreit!
One Final note.
The Cuisinart still looks nice, but I really like being able to add the extra vegetables and meat and still have that comfortable 1/2 inch of space from the top of the food to the top of the crock for cooking space, so I'm still glad to have this one instead.

5869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why it took me so long to try out the Moleskine Art Plus Watercolor Album.  Been doing watercolors for years and years and recently scaled way down on the size of my paintings.  I choose to paint 5x7, 4x6 and some 3.5x5's now instead of the usual 22x30 size pictures.  This little album is wonderful and its portable so you can paint anywhere.  The pages lay flat when painting and there is a little storage pocket on back cover.  The paper within is of excellent quality...I totally recommend this product!
3458	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have this as a gift to my nephew and he loved it. It's hanging on the wall in his bedroom.
4669	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a fine sturdy gift for the traveller or notetaker. Slim, accessible, fits in your back pocket chocked with travel info.  And no money to Bill Gates or Steve Ballmer. What could better?
Let the buyer beware, Amazon is allowing clone sellers and refillers pretend to sell new HP cartridges with no clear indication of what you are buying from some of the merchants.  Kudos to the merchants clearly stating what they are selling, but shame on Amazon for allowing some merchants to make it look like they are selling the real thing when they aren't.  The picture is of a genuine HP product, this should NOT be allowed if some or all of the items are from third party manufacturers or are refills.
This is perfect for a student, it fits in my pants pocket or a small pocket on my messenger bag perfectly! I have absolutely no doubt that if I don't abuse it, this Moleskine will be in good condition decades from now. These things are built to last.

5922	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's a lot smaller than the pictures lead you to believe, I got the large and it's about 10 inches long and 6 inches wide.
For being plain vanilla paper with no color printing, quotes or art, I would think it would be cheaper.
4982	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	really thin paper...can't use it for what i actually want but great for writing.
My only slight nit is that I would prefer if the ruling was slightly narrower for more, but I know that I'm in the minority when it comes to writing size.
286	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I seriously don't know how I got along without it before! I am a teacher and I bought it for my guided reading/guided math table. I love that it is magnetic - I don't have a magnetic whiteboard or really anything magnetic in my entire room (except my filing cabinet) so that was a nice plus. From the pictures it looks like it is metal - it's not metal. It's actually sturdy cardboard with a coating over it. I don't plan on letting my kids use it, so the quality for me isn't an issue. All the colors I've used so far wipes off well - the colored expo markers leave a slight residue but they wipe off with a moist towelette. I also like that I can use both sides. I would definitely recommend this product!

4400	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very good product, should have got long ago.
This book is a joy for me. It has a very classy and elegant look. On the inside you have tabs lettering " A thru Z ". Each lettered tab has 14 pages, so you have plenty of room for your addresses.
8138	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These cards look very professional.  I always choose them.
5152	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've been using Moleskines for years now.  I've heard about them prior to my use, but I always thought, like many, it's all hype and can't really be that good.  When I was in London, I found myself wandering throughout Europe much and thinking about things that were too personally valuable to forget, so, being lightweight and easily portable, I bought the smallest version of the Moleskine notebook.  It was a price well paid, as the notebook has lasted to this very day, and only needs some black duct tape on the spine from cracks (I've beaten it up pretty good).
8560	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Useful, versatile, lightweight, and convenient.
4572	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have two at home and two at my office where I teach. They are really handy for holding files of the things you are working on. They are also great for musicians to hold sheet music - as long as it's letter sized.
7580	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I read the negative reviews about the keypad but bought an HP 12C anyway  thinking the others might be more picky than me.  Unfortunately the only way to be certain a digit is entered is to carefully and firmly press the key. The tactile feedback does NOT mean the digit has been registered. Im a slow fingered user but even I would find my calculations were wrong because I pressed the operator key before confirming the value on the display.
9771	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	My stapler jammed relentlessly even when using its own brand staples.  I had to get rid of it.  Reviewers seem to agree with me that Bostich is by far the superior brand.


8688	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice cushion for my wrist.
Works exactly like it should be not much to say about it!
At night, I keep itn on my nightstand. Any important reminders or ideas that come to mind once my head hits the pillow gets jotted down.  It's amazing how doing that before I go to bed helps my stress level. I also like having it with me at all times - I feel like I am staying on top of things and can honestly say that I am so much more organized because of it. I have tried other pocket-sized notebooks and they do not stand the test of time like these do!  The construction of this notebook is fabulous.  It is built to last.  The little pocket inside serves as the temporary home for coupons, receipts and checkstubs until I can file them away permanently or trash them.
5937	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have been a longtime fan of Moleskine products and when I spotted this bigger cousin of the traditional Moleskines I just had to try it. So I've been using it during the last year, have taken it to a lot of travels and it still has plenty of juice.
2938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These sticky notes are really great! At first I thought that they were packaged together but were individual pads but when they arrived I realized that they are actually all glued together on a little book style pad. (Don't know if that makes sense... sorry.) It's really cute because that way they all stay together and don't get lost. It even has a box in the inside of the cover for you to write your name to mark it as your property in case you lend it to someone (or someone tries to take it...). The picture for this item is the cover of the booklet. The only complaints I do have is that they don't stick the best and tend to come off and also (for me personally, anyway) the lines are a bit too close together; since I have big handwriting it is a bit of a problem but others with small handwriting probably won't have that problem. Overall, I really like these sticky notes and would buy it again once they run out.
5765	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it! She uses it for her watercolor paintings and she says it's great.
7290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My mom is very happy with this laser toner the price was right
8270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had some less-expensive half-fold cards that I had purchased previously.  I assumed that the same card (same pictures, words and fonts) would look about the same on them both.  After all, they were both Avery products.  To test my theory, I test-printed the same thing (using the same fonts and the same picture) on both cards.  I was amazed at the difference!  The words were sharper and clearer on these cards.  However, where they really stood out was the clarity of the picture!  The picture on the other card was acceptable -- until I put them side-by-side for comparison!  On this card, the colors were more vivid, and the picture was a lot sharper.  In fact, when compared to this card-stock, the picture on the less expensive paper looked faded and washed out (something I probably would've never noticed if I hadn't seen the side-by-side comparison).  I'm still having a hard time believing that different card-stock can make such a diffence.  The difference really is that noticeable.  These more expensive half fold cards are definitely worth the extra expense, and I will buy them in the future.
- The notebooks have acid-free paper.
77	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this bag to go with My mother new Giant Print Sword Bible. It goes great with it alongside with her markers, pens and papers. Very nice
The false start and the blaring guitars that herald the album with a show tune accompanied by able brass is certainly an ear opener even today.  It starts out the show, a carnival, but it does have some side shows as well.  There are segues throughout, and the special effects elevated The Beatles to the stature of artists in a way only looked at in retrospect on 'Revolver' and 'Rubber Soul'  (Thankfully, the latter classics have in some ways surpassed 'Pepper''s reputation.)  "With a Little Help from My Friends," one of the very best songs on the album, melds in with the title song and is still one of their best pop classics of all time.  While "Lucy in the Skies with Diamonds" and "Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite" continue the carnival perfection, they also date the album somewhat.  Some of the other highlights of the album include "When I'm Sixty Four," with the beginning of Paul's stretch of vaudevillian numbers.  Then, "Lovely Rita" is ethereal and entertaining.  John is quite able to lift the veil off the conventional world with "Good Morning, Good Morning" (based on a Kellogg's Corn Flake Commercial).  Just before the tent folds up, The Beatles deliver the better and more fluid reprise to "Sgt. Pepper" just before they end with a remarkable finale.
5556	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect to always have handy for thoughts & notes. Sturdy. Fit my need.
4221	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it !
8199	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These were listed as "matte finish" what I got was plain thin  white card stock. False ad needs to be corrected if you want Matte card stock "DONT BUY THESE" AMAZON GET REAL....... research your products and read the reviews
Songs here run the gamut from the jaunty fun of When I'm 64 to the psychedelic drug tragedy of A Day in the Life.  This album has it all including a 40 piece orchestra.  Rock was never the same once The Beatles opened up.
7880	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is for my old fax machine. So, it is great for me.
8877	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and prices and great service, and would buy again
1677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the best notebooks for the best price I have ever found. Period. The paper is thick and quality, a pleasure to write on with no bleed-through, and the covers are durable, with a bonus elastic stop to hold it in place. I especially love the bookmark, making it easy to flip to a specific page quickly, a good thing when you are on the move. Nothing to not like.
The cover is the soft leather-esque version of Moleskine. It is pretty flexible, but holds together beautifully. I had this planner last year and carried it EVERYWHERE for a year and it didn't fall apart (although the back pouch on the outside cover eventually ripped open on the seam). The biggest change to this year's model is that instead of a one month calender per page in the block format at the beginning of the book, there are two months per page in a column with a line per each day. I kind of liked that traditional block calendar, so it was sad to see the change, but I still love this planner and this small change wouldn't keep me from buying it again.
"If you find this journal and return it, you will have good luck"

If you don't mind the price then I highly recommend this notebook, it feels and looks nice and elegant yet it is very simple. Plus there is a kind of satisfaction I get when I see mine filled-up and stacked. Maybe there are other cheaper options that work for your needs, but this is what's worked for me so far, so I will keep buying more in the future.
This is clearly for a Musician, but a specific one.  One who writes music.  There are several songwriting appealing features, however, the improvement to this journal idea is to actually work on a product doing a focus group with all type of artists in music.  If there was a simple journal for songwriters, that would be extremely appealing, and makes perfect sense.  But a songwriter using this will have half of it unused. A music collector, such as myself, could list sources of where I get my music, also have checklists of the rare and hard to find titles, and reference to favorites and collection completions.  A music lover of events, and concerts etc... a fan, could use the journal for their favorite acts or just one artist.  Then it would make sense to list concerts attended etc. A fan journal could also serve as an autograph book.  There are many ideas I have, and this did nothing but inspire them.
8417	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My 13 year old uses this at school. Perfect for middle school.  Enough funtions without it being confusing.
9064	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very happy
1226	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	There is a lot I like about this coloring book.  It's printed on thick paper, and it comes with a set of colored pencils.  The pencils are some of the nicest I've ever tried.  They color like you are using paint in pencil form---thick, rich color.  I love the suggestions at the start of the book for coloring.  I am not an artist in any way, and I welcome any ideas for my coloring relaxation!  The nature theme of the book is a nice one, and there's some variety, like make your own mazes and hidden pictures.
8259	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm usually dissapointed in card makers but these are the best I have every used.  The paper looks much better right out of the box, works great in the printer, does not smear and most important gives you a photo-like image on the paper.
8832	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
1761	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the photos of National Parks. Love the price.
4988	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine makes quality notebooks and this planner is my absolute favorite because it allows you to organize your week on the left and has lined pages on the right.  It is great for writing out to do lists for the week!
3245	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This note pad is SUPER cute! The colors in the picture online are true to what you will receive. I didn't really pay attention to the measurements before I bought it (although they weren't super important to me!) but it's a pretty big notepad- I would say about as tall as two packs of regular size sticky notes- so you have plenty of room to write! It doesn't have an adhesive backing, which I like and the pages have so far torn easily and cleanly! I will definately be purchasing more when these run out!
Memory / RAM
4565	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As described.
577	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Another good visual aid.
6119	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these little books to write down the ever-expanding list of user names and passwords necessary to conduct life and do business in our times.  High quality little book, nicely bound.
8873	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice. Big helper.
7157	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I had trouble the first week getting the Palm to hotsync to my Thinkpad, and the Palm 5 even crashed once, losing all my data before the hotsync was working.

9147	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Like it a lot, however, the wrist portion isn't holding up as well as I thought it would.  Has gotten pretty squished down but I've had it almost a year.  Still like it.
This is an ideal organizer because it fits in nearly all shirt breast pockets. This is so much easier than the bulky dayrunner and much more convenient than my blackberry.
3377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful! These cutouts add beautiful color and sea-like image on the walls. The children and adults thought they were great!
6932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The chrome Cross Classic Century fountain pen is remarkably compact in that it is about the diameter and length of the traditional Classic Century ballpoint pen. The bottom of the capped pen appears to be a small sculptured bob, but it is actually a thread onto which the cap may be screwed when the pen is in use. This pen ONLY takes Cross slim cartridges (in blue, blue-black or black) and they are pretty small. (Neither of the Cross converters is slim enough to fit this pen.) The stainless tip is a smooth writer right out of the box. The pen is made in China rather than in Rhode Island but it still comes with the lifetime warranty. If you like classic Cross you will love this handsome pen.
Anyway... this is a great French press it does the job and it looks great!
54	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my nephew. It was in great condition. Very colorful. Great for the Hardcover Adventure Bible.
3858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this multi-pen. It fits perfectly in my hand while writing. You can switch from a pen to the pencil with ease. This pen is very solid and well built. It should last a long time, hope I don't loose it.
3951	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A page a day to keep the summer slide away. These are fun daily activities to keep the skills up for your kindergarten to first grader. My son loved the setting goals section.


Recipe pages are unique and very well designed.  One side of each page is designed with a longer recipe in mind, while the reverse has space for two shorter recipes.  The left hand side of each recipe space has room for a Title, the name of the contributor and directions/notes, while a smaller right hand column highlights preparation time, number of servings and ingredient list.  You'll find 5 recipe pages per section, allowing for a total of 15 recipes per section. Pages are movable.  Beautifully printed on quality paper.
9614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator worked perfectly for my Finance class- easy to use and no issues whatsoever. Highly recommend for your finance needs! Thanks!
2926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these knock knock note pads!!  They are so funny and all my friends love to get them as gifts!

3464	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Simple to use. It fits into my bag. Also, I like the cover better than the blue or burgandy old books
- Washing the inside is a pain.
2760	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love Knock Knock products and I love sticky notes.  Win-win situation

6533	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I like it
4300	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased because of all the positive reviews. So glad I did! My daughter loves the book and does really well for having no other cursive lessons. Yay! Fun and learning, always apples when homeschooling!

1767	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful pictures.
9778	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	You may have noticed how many reviewers remark on the low quality of the T50.
1871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very beautiful. Everyone in the office is asking me about them.
4935	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for carrying with you.
Well made and very roomy for the bible as well as ink pens and a tablet.
2251	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	not very good, so large

925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Big and has everything we want on the map.
9886	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Every thing was fine!
Note - there are no tabs for the Apocrypha. I labeled mine with the "Special" tab, but you won't be able to label each individual book.
6772	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As someone who has taken Franklin Covey workshops and loves their system, I wanted to find a self-contained planner that would be weekly and monthly and allow me to keep track of my due dates and such for graduate school. It's not perfect, but it's good enough to help me keep track of most things.
795	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty stationary set.  Using this for a wedding shower activity and am very pleased to see how nice they look.  Arrived well packaged and pristine.  Thank you!
1397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this calendar. Could do without a picture of the governed but having two months of Darryl makes up for it.
I found the stickers to be sort of silly and superfluous.
6151	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These little note books are very handy, I would like to see better quality paper, I often have it tear from just writing with a ball point pen.  I do like the size and does have plenty of pages for all I need.  Darrell
6272	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use the regular pocket moleskines (with the faux leather and elastic band) for journaling at home but these cahiers go with me everywhere.  I like the pocket size, the look of the cardboard cover (plain and very low profile), and writing on the pages are as good as it gets.  I find it amazingly useful for jotting down quick notes here and there.  It takes awhile to fill up the pages, at least for me.  My friends jot notes on their phones but I just can't get use to doing that.  I like writing stuff and flipping through pages I've written on....but that's just me.  These cahiers go in and out of my pocket and in and out of my purse and the cardboard cover holds up well.  I'm currently looking for a decent pen I can easily hook to this cahier.
8572	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the only caluclator that our school approves of...must be a good one if they only want you to buy one.
1603	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My old 4 quart slow cooker wasn't cutting it anymore, and I really wanted a programmable cooker because I've never been completely comfortable leaving a cooker going without an auto shut off point. I was eyeing this cooker (which also comes in black:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hamilton-Beach-Programmable-Slow-Cooker-4-5-Quart-Cooks-4-Lb-Chicken/dp/B004KG06ZO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hamilton Beach Programmable Slow Cooker 4.5 Quart Cooks 4 Lb Chicken</a>) and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cuisinart-PSC-350-3-1-2-Quart-Programmable-Slow-Cooker/dp/B001E5CWVU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cuisinart PSC-350 3-1/2-Quart Programmable Slow Cooker</a>&nbsp;when someone made up my mind for me and got me this one for Christmas.
It inserts a 2 after the last number you pressed after you press enter, AKA: you type, "2+2" and click enter and it immediately says, "2+22 = 24" It does this for multiplication, addition, trig functions, etc. Everything. Waste of money and now I have to rush order another one to have it for my test next week.
7344	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a good looking globe. It's a little shinier than the picture. My only complaint, so far, is that the equator is peeling off.
5610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A very nice, high quality notebook/journal
744	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	these calendars are absolutely GORGEOUS I had one last year and then got one for this year. prints are on top quality card stock and frameable
Update: I still use these all the time and am here to buy more because I keep losing them by putting them on library books and forgetting to take them off before I return the book! Oops.
7823	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it... great all the way.
Cover is cute and yellow is the wife's favorite.....there are many like this....I don't know if I would buy it again or a different one...

This greeting card stock has met my standards of quality stationery so that when I create a card for an individual, I know they will be pleased.
8306	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for school for my 5th grader. She loves the color and it seems to work fine. The cover is a little tight and she has to really work to get it on, but that may be because it is new and it may get easier over time - not a big concern.
7031	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A bit small but other than that, a great interactive Calendar for school.
9845	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	as expected

5452	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have the soft cover version and loved it. I bought this for more protection on the pages and it has done its job. The price is great and the size is great for note taking to convention note taking.
8659	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Does a good job!
2356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I Love the the strong stock of paper
4271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this journal, but I confess, at first, i didn't. It was too small--it's not the size of a book as I'd expected. It's a smidgen bigger than a trade paperback. But i love it now. I love its size and the fact it had a clear protective cover. The paper inside is not bright white, but a calming yellow/offwhite that is easy on the eyes .

I'm amazed at how easy it is to prepare quick meals that taste as good or better than those cooked the conventional ways.
7225	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great paper for great price!. HP Inkjet Paper, 97 Brightness, 24 lb, Letter Size (8.5 x 11), Ream, 500 Total Sheets (HPB1124) arrived before estimated delivery date. Which is great cause I was completely out of Inkjet Paper. I wanted to have it shipped faster, but had a HARD time telling myself need to save money.
2669	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great gift for a housewarming.
7488	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	had to get to this for my kid.  works well.  battery level is great.  so glad I'm not in high school anymore.  but ew, that means i'm an adult.
9895	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
2050	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	great item price NEEDS to go down

7149	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent and economical
5677	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!! Fits dollar store frames
4467	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have gotten many complements on my bulletin boards in my classroom specifically asking where I got this boarder. They're cute without being too dramatic/distracting!
6516	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This organizer is great for people who like to scaffold their tasks by importance. I have been using this organizer for 4 years.
  It seems to be very statistics oriented according to my math tutor today.
1348	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	too cool for school:  gel & scented all in one !!!
7542	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
1854	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great quality and price
3550	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I received this as a wedding gift and i've been using it for over 5 years. I love it!
4737	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love my red moleskin sketchbook...bought just for a particular group I am in...and JUST FOR ART!  (not note taking etc...)
All other advantages go to the hard cover.. ease of taking notes in the field (on your feet), using both sides of the sheets, and durability. Yes, the soft cover can fold completely over, which helps a little, but for serious note taking away from a desk - on your feet, on the bus, in your car, on a park bench, etc.  the hard cover is still the better choice. For me, I keep it in my briefcase or my vehicle until I get out to use it, and then I am on my feet, so pocket comfort is not a concern.
8066	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These make very nice greeting cards.  Very happy with them.
4058	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A little pricey, but when the Green Tide is surging forward the Praetorian Guard need some cover that won't clash with their nice red uniforms and pith helmets, and who wants to do even more painting after detailing a couple of hundred infantrymen?
743	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Looks great hanging in my kitchen that has an Italian theme.
First Day of School. Great for new and established teachers. The only down side, wish it had viedo to go with audio. Give many great ideas to help teachers with clalssroom management, assessments, lesson plans. Order came before due date in excellent condition.
952	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Beautiful alternative to the typical world map. Looks great on our wall and we reference it often.
7271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	its paper

9406	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	No complaints


5156	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little notebook. Like all other moleskines I've had this is a well made little book. Good feel to the cover, durable pages and pockets, great!
mark
2391	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	5-stars says it ALL = solid construction, LOTS of room for entries, spiral bound means it can lay flat, cool textured cover & the embedded elastic is handy to keep it closed or mark your spot!!
I need to be more specific about 'no bleeding.' In the snapshot I have posted, I used Noodler's Black Eel ink, which has somewhat oily texture than most other fountain pen inks. If I use the Black Eel's to predominantly scribble and doodle with medium to light pressure, then there is minimal bleeding. On the other hand, there would be considerable more bleeding if I were using something like Pilot Iroshizuku ink, which is more fluid. However, the Black Eel that I have been using on Moleskine has one problem in that after a while, some of the black ink makes dry ink marks onto the preceding page.
9943	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received on time and just as described.
103	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will use this in my ministry to hold bibles and Bible literature. You receive a zippered case with handles, Bible cover, long strap, a pad, a pen, and a highlighter. I was only looking for a Bible Cover for my Hindi BSI (OV). The price for this whole set was fabpriceulous, as many covers alone were the price of this set! I ordered 3 colors: Black, Green, and Pink. I am happy with my purchase. I feel that this is sturdy enough to endure daily use. The front pocket of the bag is perfect for either a small notebook or even the small tracts and handbills that I will use. Inside the bag are extending cloth pockets and attachments to attach the Bible cover inside the bag itself. The strap can be used on either the Bible cover or the bag. I had thoroughly examined the pictures of this bag, I thought - but I hadn't noticed the metal "Cross" zipper pulls. They were on all 3 bags that I purchased.
408	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic
1358	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pens at a great price. They work on dark or black paper and are great for highlighting areas I am going to color.
The positives - this map is correct, it's large (we tacked them up in the hallway to the kids' rooms) and it's very colorful, which is good for 6 year olds. It has time zones, capitals, waterways, and mountain ranges all clearly marked
7250	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	heavy paper can print on both sides without bleed through
7147	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I spent about 2 months trying to decide whether an organizer could be worth this much money.  I just bought my Palm V last week, and it's hard to imagine life without it now.  The Palm V is simply the best purchase I've made in a long time. It's an incredibly small and sleek little machine.  It  fits right in your shirt pocket, even with the hard case I bought for it.  It has all the standard things you'd expect from an organizer (address  book, to do list, agenda, expense report).  The Graffiti system (writing  instead of typing) only takes a little while to get used to.  The Palm  Desktop software and cradle allows you to back everything up in a few  seconds.  No batteries are necessary, because you can recharge the Palm Vin  the cradle.  Hundreds of extra programs and games can be downloaded. If  you're trying to decide which Palm to buy, I definitely recommend the V.  The Vx is about the same, but it has more memory (which I don't think I'll  need) and costs a lot more, the III series is great but not as sleek, and  the VII has the built-in modem, which doesn't interest me much.  Go for the  Palm V.  If you're trying to decide whether it's worth the money, the  answer is a resounding YES!
9363	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Rolling Stone Magazine rated Sgt. Peppers as the number one rock album of all time.  I heartily concur because no album changed the face of Rock-N-Roll more.  For the first time, Rock music was capable of being more than mere dance music -- it was to be listened to and digested.  Where the Beatles first album took 10 hours to record, this took 700 hours and 129 days.  The sound of every instrument is in some way altered:  instruments and voices are compressed, limited, and echoed.  Violins were recorded by taking headphones and using them as microphones.  Microphones were dropped down the bells of horn instruments.  Voices were played through the whirling speakers inside a Hammond organ.  This was the the first "concept album" where the songs on each side of the vinyl did not have pauses between them.  Thank you Sir George Martin!
7802	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Standard scientific calculator! Works great and feels solid!

I suspect the under-30 crowd will find this calculator--maybe the whole calculator premise--feels 'dated', and in a way they're right. However, if you're one of those who, like me, use these tools every day and always want one nearby, I think you'll like this calculator. For fit, finish, and a pleasant balance of performance with simplicity it seems to be on par with my earlier HP calculators. (Time will tell, I suppose, whether or not it has the same durability.) What is certain is that in the age of cellphones, PDAs and computers the era of high-quality long-lasting purpose-built calculators is going the way of the Dodo bird.
6290	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I searched HIGH and LOW for a stylish and sturdy coupon organizer. THIS IS THE TICKET! Measuring in at a little bigger than most organizers (this one is 8.5" wide), almost ALL of my coupons fit in here without having to fold them -- even my online coupons. When it first arrived I thought I would hate how large it was and the fact that it was only 0.8" thick. But both things have proven to work well for fitting all sorts of things. And since the pocket is so wide, it hasn't been a problem that it isn't as thick (since the need to fold is eliminated). I have been using this for almost 2 months now and it doesn't show any signs of wear. The elastic is easy to move around to the front and the pockets are sturdy. All in all, if you are a moderate coupon clipper with the need to do some simple organizing, this 7-pocket memo book is PERFECT.
4243	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality.  High Quality and thick paper pages.  Good graphics and printing.  Great for a gift.

9891	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT
5525	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is my second purchase of this color an soft cover with the dots. I really like it, but if you're rough on your books (carry them around in your purse ect) be careful the binding eventually started coming undone. I bought it this second time for my "at home" book that I track a training log in. And got a hard cover for carrying with me for everything else. Also, like everyone else said the paper is thin. Only certain pens will work. I suggest looking up moleskin bullet journal pen reviews.

6925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Lost my Cross pen given to me as a gift in 1978. This was an replica of the one I had and I love it. Works perfectly and looks elegant.
This isn't a worthless wrist rest but I'm giving it one star because Fellowes shouldn't be selling this under the same product ID (down to the model number) when it's significatnly different.
4970	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my mom for her birthday.  She is a serious gardener.  She loves it!  She said it was really great quality, she loves all the notes and pages, especially the garden planner.  I would buy again.
 While I am not necessarily a person of faith, I can  appreciate the fact that this company makes a charitable contribution based on the sale of each journal. This product was provided at a discount for review consideration. If you have any questions leave them in the comments and I will be happy to answer.
1392	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My oldest child is a big Walking Dead Fan, and so am I for that matter. This calendar is perfect for any fan of this series. It's a year long tribute to your favorite characters from the comics and tv show.
3628	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've owned my Rada set of knives, sharpener and peeler for over 20 years. They are still doing the job well. When I bought mine at the L.A. County Fair eons ago, it was only offered in brushed steel. It was also recommended that they be hand washed, not in the dishwasher. I had no problem with that and have never "dishwashered" them, but in time they have discolored with use. At the time I bought several for gifts as I loved them, and everyone felt the same way, especially about the peeler. I had bachelor sons who "dishwashered" them anyway and theirs turned dull and dark but are still used today.
7435	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	required for school :)
3615	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly what I needed. I have a 17"x22" desk calendar at work that I use daily. I wanted a transparent plastic cover that I could see the calendar and at the same time a firm surface to write on. I had to trim this to fit but it performs beautifully.
6641	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this product
9062	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works

4235	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful, lined, with Psalms verses on the bottom of each page, journal. I sooooo love this. It's perfect for a gift or to just keep it for yourself. This one is MINE...i'm keeping this gem for myself. And just a final note...the pages are just the right thickness and are of a matte quality (not shiny) so they absorb the ink better and are thus easier to write on. I love it. And if you are a lover of journals like I am, you will too. :o)
Thank you.

 If you press the = button after pressing 100 - 60 [%], instead of showing you what 100-60% is, it shows you the amount it subtracted to arrive at the total (in this case, 100-60% is 40, so pressing 100 - 60 [%] displays -40).
5875	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My husbands ALL TIME FAVORITE tablet. Every time there is a gift giving holiday, THIS is what he asks for. So, I usually buy 2 at a time.
6739	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a college student, a quality planner is a necessity. This one is great because it allows you to plan for a week, not every day. I'll be purchasing another one for next year!
3926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I never knew socks could make my walk more comfortable!  the tabs in back are brilliant!  No slippage!
But the allure faded when I ventured back into a hobby I'd strayed from several years back, before I'd discovered Moleskines. When I began collecting fountain pens again and amassing huge stockpiles of inks of all different types I discovered these notebooks' Achilles' heel.
I'll stay with both Piccadilly journals and Moleskine journals.
2283	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This line of bookmarks is attractive and well made.  The bookmark makes a nice finishing touch to a gift book.  The bookmark is attractive and will be a reminder for years to come of your thoughtful gift.  The bead and tassel are attractive and keep the bookmark firmly in place, no slipping out.  I have included them with a number of gift books over time.  Always well received.
3105	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my friend. She loved it!
At a "97" brightness level (super white), this paper is a bargain at any price that's $30/box ($6.00/ream) or less. Discounted, I typically pay $7-8 for a single ream of paper of this brightness & weight. Further, I have been loyal to HP since the paper is "Made in The USA". I'm sorry if this offends anyone, but Made in USA is important to me.
5095	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskin is a good product and it fits nicely in my small leather journal
1715	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute cartoons. Look forward to each one every day.
Majestic Rainbow Bible Tabs are excellent for my purposes.  The tabs are large enough to be easily seen and color coded to enhance their use.  There are Different colored tabs for The Pentateuch, Historical Books, Wisdom Books, Prophetic Books of Old Testament.  A new set of colors help distinguish The Gospels and both the New Testament Letters and Catholic Letters.
6135	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are great for sticking in my purse or back pocket and writing in whenever the mood strikes. Very small, very sturdy, very convenient.

507	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The quality is great.  This has been a great device for us to use for assignments for my sons (I homeschool them).  Just enough pockets to put one Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday & Friday folder for each boy.  I used 5 blue folders for one son and 5 green folders for the other.  Works perfectly!
Does add that old-fashioned look to your rig.
5092	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine in A4 size? Oh absolutely yes.
6872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product and service
Once it dried up , I was penless during the day which was a hassle. The stationary store I visited, in order to replace it quickly, told me that they had had nothing but complaints about the pen since they'd received it. Go figure.
3833	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I really like the expanding wallet and how you can get it to expand more and more.  The elastic closure is nice when it gets full.
1874	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are more expensive than your average file folder, but they really are cute. I think having a few of them around the office is worth the price.

8171	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my nephew he loves this calculator.
I've tried three other brands of half-fold card stock and all have been too heavy to feed smoothly through my printer.  The resulting cards show lines of print instead of a smooth picture--not exactly professional quality.  This product is perfect.  It's a good weight for a greeting card or note card and has a smooth bright white finish.  It can be folded into a half fold card via the scored line as designed, but doesn't have to be and the faint line isn't obvious if the page is left whole for a printed notice where you want some heft, like for a yard sale or lost pet.  If you cut the cards in half for note cards and miss the scored line by a tiny amount, it doesn't show so your note cards still look perfect.

9173	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Good quality and feels good. I will never go back to a regular flat mouse pad
6764	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great for the school yea;r especially working mom's who are going back to school.

What more could I ask for?
No citizens of the United Kingdom were harmed in any way during the writing of this review. ;)
4510	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This bag is a wonderful addition to my classroom organization area. It keeps all of my wall hangings and posters neat and organized.
341	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great in our homeschool classroom, it really helps my son learn his states.

6484	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it!
9251	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is the best gel mouse pad I've tried.  There is great support for those of us with carpal tunnel and becasue the mouse pad is attached it works seamlessly without shifting around.
1830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Colorful, easy to put them up, and look great.
The grid is neatly and consistently printed on every page. Having grown up in a European school, the style is very nostalgic to my "quadrill" notebooks, which is enjoyable.
You can use it to turn your Palm  into a terminal, via a modem or direct connection.  Note: you may need a  null modem adapter for some devices.
If you're reading this then you are already familiar with quality and are beyond the era of your writing life where Composition books are acceptable.  If you're thinking of moving up, Moleskine is a great choice.

5158	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I was super excited to learn that Moleskines came in different colors!  Red is my favorite but now I have decided to buy one of each so I can color code what information will be put into them! YAY!  Yes, I am kind of a nerd!

  * Max Resolution ( B&W ):Max V-Resolution BW



329	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's my fault I'm disappointed.  I didn't read the discription.  I saw Butterfly and thought it was a book on butterflys, not a note pad.  Always read before buying.
It's like bringing a 9mm pistol in an African Safari. It will handle meerkats and other small creatures but once you get to the larger predators - it will not work very well. The TI-86 and TI-89 is comparable to a .50AE and .50 Magnum. It can tackle small stuff but will hold its own when the big beasts come around.
1568	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am a side sleeper but I like a soft pillow without too much loft but also one that stays cool.  This is just about there if it were a tad softer and had about an inch less loft.  I'll keep looking for perfect, but this company seems to be on the right track.
  Book Weight  22 oz (1.4 lbs.)
8451	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This roll will last our granddaughter a VERY long time! Nice quality paper, easy to work with, and works well with all mediums too..
Update 16 Jan, 2013:  As of this date the cartridge is still producing clear, black text after at least 2000 pages.  Great product.
8620	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use this at work on a daily bases. It really helps support your wrist.
Can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table
If you are looking for an affordable multi-tool of this size, functionality, affordable price and interesting style, for use similar to what I have described above, then we would recommend giving this device a try based on our experience with it so far.
2309	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great little address book.
9585	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT, I SPEND SEVERAL HOURS PER DAY ON MY DESKTOP, AND MY HANDS IS NEVER VTIRED, IT IS A VERY GOOD HAND REST.
5616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent quality

6673	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I will definately buy these again.  I love the fact that the tabs that stick out have rounded corners so they don't catch on each other or the book pages.
674	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these recipe organizers, and have made one for each of my children for family favorite recipes.  All the recipes that we save from friends & family and media are stored in one place....no more searching & searching.  I like the pockets in each section that I store recipe cards and such.  The 3 ring binder makes it easy to add pages as needed, I  use plastic page inserts so I can wipe away any cooking mess.
> This pad is available in either blank, lined or grid page designs.
I'm not giving it one star because, as a product, it does actually excel at its task.  I was able to answer the multiple choice quizzes we had in lecture.  My low rating is more because of its few capabilities and limited application in the classroom.
9672	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This mouse pad is great. Having had a carpal tunnel operation in the past I needed something that would help. This mouse pad does the trick. Hightly reccommended.
I was posting my 'most-used' recipes on my fridge Until  the William Morris Organizer arrived.  I love the Teal-like color. It goes with some picture frames I recently bought. I love the size of it. There are section dividers and spare pages to write your own recipes. Its a great throw back to personal recipe book.

* Plier surface (between hammer and window breaker) with pipe-clamp located there too
The hard back covers really help give a solid base so I can take notes on the fly - sitting or standing. The little rubber strap is a nice touch too. It helps keep loose pieces of paper from getting lost. All in all, it's a well thought out design that is also well executed.
8854	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this three years ago and it is my only mouse pad for the entire time. It served me well until late last year (so 2.5 years after purchase). Then the covering on the pad started to unravel and the gel pad started to get more and more indented, so it is now a permanent "valley."
4735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.
5464	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	...as a rule, I prefer to do my note notekeeping on 5" x 8" cards. Unfortunately, even after many years of trying, I haven't really mastered the art of consolidating and organizing them afterwards, so when my notes really count, I turn to a bound notebook.
7586	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it all the time
6568	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The red is much more pink than a true red or crimson. Also, it came dented where the elastic band goes around the book. The inside cover is basically a piece of paper glued on, and that wasn't on straight.
2936	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Makes the perfect housewarming gift!
5983	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these a lot.  I like that they are thin, so you can tuck them easily into a small bag, and they lie flat on the desk.  Overpriced but nice.
47	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Little Boy I Got It For Really Like It. He Love Be Able To Carry His Bible In A Case Like His Mother. He Enjoy Church More Now. I Also Got Him A Children's KJV Bible To Go Along With It.
OK.  August 2007 -- I spilled Diet Pepsi on it and bought another one.  I like this mouse pad!
3781	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you love boxers as my family and I do, this is the boxer calendar for you!  Would buy again next year!
8043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Still a good item to have for quick Cards, e-cards......if software allows for editing as does Hallmark Greeting Cards.
6384	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these every day exclusively. They're smooth and don't bleed through.
  * Printer type
3308	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you have read HEAVEN IS FOR REAL or seen Akiane on TV or YouTube you will understand the intrigue of this painting. The original is huge (maybe 36" x 48" ?) and even the smaller copies are very expensive but you can gift ten of your friends---well maybe nine---with 5" x 7" note cards in quality, gold-foil lined envelopes for less than you might pay for ten greeting cards with much less message.
1261	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are the coolest little notebooks ever. I bought them as stocking stuffers and everyone loved them, thanks!
They also give you extra blank pages with tabs that you can add whatever information you would like--such as lists for books you want to read, more notes on the books you have.  They give you stickers with various titles such as "Hard to Find", "Holiday Reading", "Reading, Signings", plus stickers of various symbols, hearts and happy faces!  (What are notes without happy faces???"
1117	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	easy to install.  A little extra work to find the correct pages when you do not have the aligned edition.
7694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The Texas Instruments TI-36 pro is really a step up that students should take.
Finally, great customer service. I was a pre-order buyer of the Ecoboot, and there was a shipping problem with my order. The company was extremely prompt and responsive.
One.
5504	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love it, love the color, love the good paper quality and the elastic band; it goes without saying that the pocket is great.  My only criticism is that I would like the binding to be flexible enough to bend it backwards.
But here's the secret:  the gel.  The reason the older versions had a mild odor was that the "gel" was fairly benign.  Users have commented the new gel doesn't feel the same and I'm betting that's because it isn't.  And whatever it is, when you apply pressure with your wrist, you pump out the stench (it's so strong, it makes your wrist smell like a burning inner tube but that's just a bonus.)

3167	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very useful for my students at school! It is very clear and practical. I have it posted in my classroom along with ending blends, and beginning and ending digraphs.

148	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves the Peppa Pig books. They often follow episodes she's seen and they're easy to read out loud. The wording is simple enough for an early reader to figure out and they're good learning books.
Good organizer and cheaper than others that are less durable.
961	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a large map, but not too large as I wanted to be able to read the cities and larger roads. I wrote on mine with a CD marker which worked well (regular markers were able to smear and wipe off if rubbed gently with a kleenix (or a shirt)). Excellant quality and thickness of lamination, and it came rolled up in a tube (so it had no damage to me in shipment) and when reverse rolled for a day or so it straightened out pretty well so I could work on it.
1838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great folders for work or play
2834	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We wrote notes all year and laughed all year... GET THIS FOR FUN MORNING NOTES TO YOUR GF OR ROOMIE... LOL!~

1497	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter was thrilled with the colors in this brush.
780	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have a nice little collection of sealing wax stamps but this one is one of my favorites, especially for the money. It's super high quality and the stamp is nice and big. The only problems is WHERE CAN I GET MORE WAX?
They are still made in the U.S., so if you'd like to provide employment for your countrymen, here's your opportunity.
4030	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'll use this stencil a lot!
  * 2 Parallel IEEE 1284 (EPP/ECP):36 pin Centronics Male 2, 1 Infrared Local Talk:IrDA N/A 1, 1 Network 8 pin mini-DIN Male 1
  * TrueType, Intellifonts
5241	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This notebook is more tough than I thought. It arrived thin and I thought this notebook was about to break within a couple of months but it is durable as heck. The pages are smooth and it compliments my gel pens. I would keep buying these notebooks for school.
4997	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	its nice...i should have got a few more of them...just the right size
6498	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have just started using this planner, and I'm not quite used to it but I am getting there. I like the fact that each week has its own dedicated to do list and project/goal list. This is a two-page per week set up. The scheduling grid is not very large, but that's likely only a problem for me because I write large.
4453	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My students love them!  And they are pretty sturdy.
After receiving this sub par map, I have since re-searched and hope that the Michelin map (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Michelin-Map-USA-Political-14761-p-Rolled-Maps-Wall-Michelin/dp/2061011306/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Michelin Map USA Political  14761  (p, Rolled) (Maps/Wall (Michelin))</a>) or perhaps the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/United-States-Executive-Wall-Map-tubed/dp/0792293207/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">United States Executive Wall Map (tubed)</a>&nbsp;will have better representation of US roads and highways.
1968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These paper clips will add flare to your project.
3795	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been ordering Cavallini Paper Desk Calendar for years.  Excellent product, the stock paper is thick and sturdy (no folding over or bending), the prints are vibrant and colorful.  They look perfect on my desk and always attract favorable comments.  And its easy to immediately secure the date and day just with a glance.  Exactly as described. Fast Shipping.
4948	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	i am trying to get into the culture.  this is neat.  smaller than i though but that is no way the products fault.  i should have used a tool instead of acting like one.
I will never buy another large notebook from another brand!  At this size scanning from your home scanner is also a breeze.
Worth the few extra bucks for a nice paper stock if that stuff makes a difference to you as it does me.
4182	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cute, slim, compact and great reference pages.


1750	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calendar makes me laugh each time I flip to a new month. I love yoga, and I love cats...a match made in heaven!
5778	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
573	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for our calendar.  We have a block schedule at the school I work for.  I use the green colored for one day, yellow for another, and red for days when we have no school.  Please note that you only get the numbers.  You do not get the chart itself, days of the week or months.
9208	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pad.

6462	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	nice
1930	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these in my classroom, so they suit my purpose.
Overall it's a great pen. Durable, writes well, and looks amazing.  I would have given it 5 stars if they made traditional ink fine point refills for the pen.  Given the wide range of refills available I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard for them to do this.

4771	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I'm really bad at reading and understanding dimensions, but these notebooks are tiny. They are basically the size of my hand. So they're not as useful as I thought they would be, but they are nice quality and classic Moleskin if you're looking for a little notebook to stuff in your wallet or briefcase.
6823	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The only thing wrong with this pen is that the plastic tip on the cap, Cross's trademark design, is not perfectly aligned with the metal part.  I bought 3 different Cross models, and they are all like this.
170	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Loved it!
736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful calendar of bird artistry produced by the incomparable Lang company with their beautiful heavyweight textured paper. I bought it as a gift for a birdwatcher.  She will love it!
4314	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Unlike another cursive workbook I bought for my 8 year old, this book is organized in terms of difficulty of making the letters.  Like it starts with C and then shows you how the same shape is in an A, then a D, etc.  B, which is different and more difficult is later in the book. It also has you connecting letters (like caa) so they pick up the idea easier.
7094	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great, just as advertised. no complains.
1319	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the colors
1858	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you.

The HP12C is a serious product and the ultimate time tested solution, field tested proven by its users and survived all its rival products, the workhorse moves on.
My advice: if you want a good Cross pen, go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in USA. They aren't making them the same anymore.

8416	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is great, I wish I had known about it sooner. It has the ability to do basic integrals, derivatives, 2x2 and 3x3 matrix algebra plus a ton of other features. It feels like as close as you can get to the TI84 but without the graphing features to stay legal for those courses that do not allow graphers.
339	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	This is a great size wall map. I would make sure to get the roll up version if planning to put it on a wall. It is very thin, very much like cheap copy paper- so we put clear contact paper over top it to provide protection and durability. The color and printing is great though.
It states in the description that they smell, but mine don't have an odor.
59	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am always on the lookout for cool products that also have a practical usage.  My son goes on a lot of Boy Scout campouts.  The boys are always bringing their scout handbooks so they can record and get signed off their new accomplishments.  However all the boys are hard on their handbooks and the notebooks they carry too.  I saw the Zondervan book cover and thought it would be good for a smaller notebook and his Boy Scout handbook, along with some pens/pencils/etc..  I ordered the Zondervan book cover and thanks to Amazon Prime, it only took two days for it to arrive.
1330	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Smells good, but NOT pastel.. They are neon & very bright neon colors.. I been looking for true pastel.. These are not it!!!
377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is, no joke, a HUGE map!  I purchased this and a US map and, together, they cover almost an entire wall in my home classroom.
3) The multiplication button often registers multiple entries when depressed once.
I would suggest these for anyone who likes to take a moment to figure out their thoughts before committing them to a "nice" journal or notebook, although if you just need a record of your creative work, these will work just fine on their own.
8824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice size and really helps keep my wrist from getting tired.  Have had a fractured wrist and metal in it now so this really helps.  Replaced an older one I had and this is a bit larger, which I prefer.
  ISBN #  978-88-6293-137-3
9713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used it in the field for a couple of weeks. It is still functioning properly, so I can't complain.
9931	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	As expected.
5698	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I go through a lot of notebooks.  I have stacks of notebooks that I have started and then tossed aside because I didn't like them for one reason or another.  I hate spiral bound notebooks because the paper rips and it never folds over quite right.  But most hard bound journals don't lay flat.  I finally found my perfect journal with Molekine Cahier.  The only thing I had to worry about then was- what pen?!  I tried Micron and regular ballpoint pens.  I ended up with the Pilot G-2 .38mm as my favorite.
6328	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed to manage the cables under my desk
4325	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for my friends who sold the house and are spending the resat of their days in a camper> I got a nice thank you note from them saying the book was perfect. I give it 5 stars.
2735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What did you expect to get? That's exactly what you get!
9273	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice device, with good support and small footprint. I like it, and would buy it again.
2744	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I am using these in my classroom and the children love them.  We tend to use many sticky notes for memos, and they come in handy.  I am a bit put off by the price.  I wish they were cheaper, hence the 4 star rating
2160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Little pricey, but it works.
8211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Product is good quality, was well packaged, arrived on time. Good value, I use a lot of greeting card blanks and this product is a good buy.
3320	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite devotional of all times. Beautifully made and full of God's grace on any day of the year. I have already bought another to give as a gift. I think this is a real gem. Sarah Young really did get a word to encourage others from the Lord when she put this together.
Packaging was great.  Cute to look at.  Just not worth using and can be frustratingly messy.
2210	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These bookmarks are very well made for the price and have a protective cover over it. Like the various tassles too.
236	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These look amazing in my classroom

7807	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great calculator, fantastic for physics and calculus classes (what I used it for.) Sturdy and reliable.
5143	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love, love, love moleskine products.  This year I got ahead of the game and ordered my planner for 2014 early.  This planner is perfect for a daily journal, which is what I plan on using it for.  The color is perfect too, violet!  Oh, so nice!
6480	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The best day planner out there for the money.  This is my second after skipping a year and then being unhappy with the surrogate.

3974	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great. The stickers are useless and fall off and are teeny tiny. The magnet sticks and instead of buying the same calender next year I can just take another calender and use the same magnet.
This was a great investment for our homeschool classroom!
7316	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite everyday paper. It looks so much better than cheap plain inkjet paper. It gives all my documents a professional, bright crisp look. It's slightly heavier than plain inkjet paper too. So it gives documents a crisper,  more important feel. While I would never use it for photos, it does a reasonable job when printing graphics. But you can't make text documents look any better!

9426	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good product
8359	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
3829	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think I have every single utensil in this line.  The are very well made and the convenience of being able to set it down anywhere is fantastic.  They clean up well too.

8397	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	classic TI-83. it's back - or at least never left. the price is still up there, but let's not get into that. works beautifully and calls back memories of calculus class back in high school. easy to use, great features.
I do however love the note pages in the back of the planner. So another useful alternative would be to take those 18 useless printed pages and make them blank or grid.
211	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for toddlers
380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great classroom map for the price.
It's incredible! It integrates (not just the numerical kind like on the 83!), takes derivatives, and does just about anything else you can imagine (it even does 3D graphing, a feature for which I've yet to find a use... but it's neat!).
4475	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very eye-catchy.

* The front/back covers are glossy
If you're looking for a dot grid notebook, this is a very good option, as is the large.
-Perforated pages sometimes come loose at the tops and bottoms with heavy use.
8646	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great thing
6443	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	very helpful in finding books fast. takes time to place properly in bible, but worth the efforts. recommend
2001	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect
8947	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT LOTS OF CUSHION. One year and still like new.
Makes a wonderful gift for your child's teachers that they will use and appreciate all year long and more!
3949	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected!
3302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	9/17/16 Took me a couple days bc my son the great helper (aka mess maker destroyer) was trying to help but ripping things n yadda yadda so... finished it this morning while he slept & this is what happened as soon as he came out here! Gave a hug & a kiss to his alphabets haha. I didn't read description i guess but assumed they'd be laminated but they are stickers, which was difficult for my obsessive compulsive tendencies but i got 'er done! :) Very happy with it. Had to remove the first row to change placement & was able to get them off, no damage to walls & get them right back in place. Was happy they were actually stickers bc i was worried how I'd get them up so my almost 2 yr old couldn't rip them down. Now they can be in his reach and he cannot get them off :) very pleased. He is great w/ animals & their sounds so I'm happy this is a mix of things to work on all different kinds of things with him and he really loves it :):)
2351	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The tassle came undone on this one a long time ago, but it still does the job of holding your place!!! And has a cute little quote (-:
6057	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, these tiny books have always seemed pricey to me, but it's hard to argue with quality and usefulness.  I always keep a stack on me for notes at job sites.  They fit perfectly in a product I purchased a while back from Amazon listed as "Italian Leather covers for your Pocket size Moleskine Cahier or Fields Notes Notebooks. Made in USA. (Color: Merlot)" by "Renaissance Art Leather", so much so that I was going to include a link here, but it seems they've vanished from Amazon.  Pity.
4458	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nothing special, but they're crowns!
9268	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great mouse pad! No more wrist pain.
Very high quality. You get what you pay for with Moleskine. I can always recommend them.
1067	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This was an encouragement to read item for my 7 year old BOY. The red is not red in fact it's a hot pink. Needless to say he is very disappointed today. The concept itself is a good one but I don't think it will be long before it's broken.
5130	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Overpriced, but these are nice compact notebooks.  Definitely a luxury item.

3.  I found it easy to use and I liked the layout:
5399	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this with the Action Day Daily planner. Solid product as you expect from Moleskine.
1043	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This book is one of the best reading comprehension skills book I've found.  I used general principles from Jim Treleases's Read Aloud Handbook (read aloud often and discuss everything) to improve my son's general reading comprehension, but I felt that he needed specific instruction on the types of questions he might encounter on standardized tests.
2495	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Mounted this map to a cork board and framed it. Have been adding pins to it every time we visit a new place. Love it!
7098	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank  you
4326	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a fabulous camping journal with meaningful prompts on every page to help save your traveling memories!  It is high quality and heavy duty too, so don't have to worry about it falling apart while being tossed around with camping gear!
Thank you Amazon .
1629	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a student's dream. I love these things, I get so many compliments on them. And best of all, they actually work.
In the mix, I find that I'm discovering a new art form and means of personal expression. Always an illegible writer, the stationery and the fine pen slow me down just enough to realize that I actually *can* write.
131	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great Book , loved it.
3339	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Jesus Calling has been around for several years, yet I know many who read it over and over.  The daily readings are short but very thought provoking.  I bought several of this style and gave as gifts.  No one has been disappointed.
5574	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of the Moleskine notebooks. It can take light water coloring and stamping pretty well. Great for planning, notes or art.
2712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is so cute and can't wait to start "handing out prescriptions" to my fellow co-workers at the hospital...LOL! Only wish it iwas a larger amount.

The smell is the main problem with this thing. First time I opened it, the smell hit me. Really bad, I swear.
6403	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I found nothing special about these at all other than that they are double tipped.  Even if I am careful, they bleed through. However, the Bibles I am using have very thin paper, even for Bibles.  The best solution I have found is a red art pencil.  It's underlined instead of highlighted, but it gets the job done consistently.

9289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised. Wish it was a little cheaper but great product. Not sure how to wash but rubbing with disinfectant tissue works.
8355	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use these in my classroom (because the students are always forgetting theirs!). It's a nice reliable calculator. Easy to use. Not too many functions to confuse matters. Nice two line display that shows the calculation you're doing. And the solar cell keeps the calculator charged. Just right.
3881	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	What a way to go through wine!  Everyone wants a turn to open a bottle!  Clever, sleek design that simply opens and releases the cork from a bottle of wine.  Great little zippy sound.  A perfect item for someone like me who wouldn't dare attempt a basic manual corkscrew (because of the many times I've blundered).  Highly recommend!
1061	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The sheer size of Alaska tends to defeat what would otherwise be an unbeatable map collection for most states in the lower 48.  A second challenge is the very thin transportation infrastructure in Alaska; huge areas of the state are not on the limited road network and can be reached in a timely manner only by air.  Enormous swaths of wilderness have no transportation network at all.
9069	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Great idea, but cannot move hand enough. Pad is soft, and would be better for a keyboard than a mouse. Donated to GW.
8539	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thankfully amazon had a great supply of scientific calculators, since sadly I had never heard of them until I received my daughter's supply list for middle school.  Exactly what she needs for math.  Powered by solar so you never need batteries.  Cool color...enough said.
Then for the Christian Greek scriptures, I tried to place those books in one single row down the length of my Bible. Be aware that 1-3 John is ONE tab.
5592	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for years. Nothing beats writing your thoughts down on a moleskine
3332	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	it was a gift but I flipped through it, of course.
7274	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good texture, the price a little bit expensive to my taste but the quality so far it's great, if you want to print document with photos and the price it's not a problem you can use these item.
3546	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this candlestick.  A standard 10" taper fits in it and stands upright by itself, although the taper is tilted and I'd be a little worried about safety if the candles were actually lit.  But I have a pair of these on my mantel for the look - they are a great conversation piece, real Alice-in-Wonderland take on what is a traditional design!
6601	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like this planner although it is ridiculously expensive. I also wish it was a little bigger. I saw an academic planner in Walmart for half the price. But this planner have other features that make it unique. One it has a calendar with major and religious holidays, This planner is made by Action Day and they claim this is a tool that helps us better ourselves. With that said, the planner is comprised of two main parts. The first part deals with attitude, goals and actions and the second part is the actual planner.  The planning section is divided into four parts: a diary section which is in hour segments; the second part is for tasks at hand; the third is for goals and projects for the week; and the last part is for projects is for projects delegated to other people.  Any person who seriously committed to writing things down will greatly benefit from this planner. It's made of high quality paper, the cover is hard cardboard with a faux-leather finish. This planner only comes in black, unfortunately and it's not refillable. Otherwise, it's a great planner overall.
7254	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Works great through my old ink jet printer, but pages occasionally stick together going through. Nice and bright paper and the ink jet letters never 'run' or drip.

1155	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Jojoba oil is one of my favorite moisurizers becasue it is long lasting and isn't too greasy for me. This is no exception, I continue to be pleased with Insta Natural products.
2581	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit that Dina Wakely is a genius and an amazing creator but her styles aren't the same that I use but her books just seep inspiration.  That is why I love art journaling so much.  It is whatever makes you happy.  What brings your bliss?  Bright colors and loads of techniques?  Pastels with sewn in little bits and bobs or maybe you like to stamp images and color them in with panpastels.  GREAT, DO IT.  Do them all!  I always tell my friends who are new to art journaling to try everything you can at least once. You never know what might be the one thing that really brings you joy.
1241	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent delivery. Been wanting a classy passwords journal. Can't wait to get started
8111	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this calculator to use on my ASQ Certified Quality Technician exam and found out that it has some features that are very unexpected.  I love the stat menu and the functionality where you can enter the list of numbers and the calculator spits out everything from the standard deviation to the minimum and maximum value.  The only thing that is not automatically calculated is the mode of a series, but everything else is pretty user friendly and I have not seen an exam yet that excludes this model.
4424	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son is 3 and just learning to read and these are fabulous I highly recommend them
1001	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift.
4371	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great
7137	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fine
9045	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
6643	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to help me out a little.
5434	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have always used the quadrille Moleskine notebooks in the past, and this year decided to go with the ruled book. The lines do not interfere with my writing, which sometimes goes 'outside the lines.'
1595	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you want the ability to make custom profiles in stock materials, then this molder is for you.  I ordered this molder, which is used on a standard table saw, because I had a client who wanted to have doors with beaded styles and rails to match an existing set of doors that they had in their home.  This tool did exactly that.....and with perfect results.
The black folder that holds all the booklets together will look like a wide, fat little book on your shelf, taking up little space. I foresee my bookshelf having a whole row of these little guys, holding many years' worth of the records I keep, tracking my entire life.:-)


1840	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I usually by Carson-Dellosa border because they have good graphics, are reasonably priced, and hold up well against the students.
8909	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Received the expected Canon quality, but at the best price from Amazon.  Prices from other sources varied to extremes!

1790	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for taking to meetings, good quality. Looks great.
It is definitely a large map, perfect for a classroom.  My mom hung hers in our game room.  She tried to hand it with thumbtacks at first but because it had been rolled for so long, they kept pulling and popping out.  I think she finally decided on nails to get it to stay.
The "Amazon partner" or whatever they're called refused to replace the defective item.
7.  It's great to have spare brush heads on hand.


7568	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this calculator for over seven years now.  Love it.  It's easy to use and I especially like that the buttons are not so close together as with some other calculators.
For math courses and theoretical stuff on a college level or graduate level, go with the TI-89.
4550	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these for use in my classroom.  I wanted to be able to display my Junior Scholastic magazines.  I put about 10 in each pocket.  However, due to their size (8-1/2" X 11" magazine), they lean forward and make the pockets bow outward.  To solve this problem, I inserted one piece of cardboard (approximately 6" X 9" into the front of each pocket.  Problem solved.  Also, in order to save money, I hang both of these pocket charts using 5" S-hooks on a garment rack.
1733	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	We use these as our homeschool planners as they are inexpensive and cover all that we need! Only wish it came in a spiral bound option!
1690	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you have a cubicle at work it's almost required you have a dilbert calendar. It's so funny to read the comics because it's easy to relate them to some part of your day or the people you work with. I look forward to tearing off the old comic and reading the daily one. In fact I find it hard not to just flip through and read them all now but am trying to hold back so this truly lasts all year for me.
The paper is of decent quality, but bleeds through pretty easily and frays at the edges.
2072	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The binding immediately started falling apart - no big deal, I taped it back together with packing tape.  The bigger issue for me is that I like writing with Uniball Vision pens, and they bleed through this paper so badly it makes marks on the next page.  Too bad - if these notebooks were more durable I'd be really into them.
7650	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	A great, basic calculator with a very reasonable price. I recommend it.
3879	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Just don't freeze stuff in them, they'll warp.  Otherwise, they are pretty nice.

Recommended.
your child (or whoever) being rough on stuff, this is an excellent choice.
6202	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Moleskine plain journals and notebooks are great to have when you have a quick thought or idea to jot down.
2. These come with an alignment sheet. Hint - align the top of the tab with the top arrow. My mistake was that I tried to "center" the tab. Since I eyeballed the whole thing, my tabs are sort of all over the place. If you align the top of the tab with the top arrow in the alignment sheet, it'll come out a lot more uniform.
501	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This file organizer is attractive, sturdy, and  it does not take up much space. I absolutely recommend it to anyone.
8552	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this calculator to use on tests and exams where graphing calculators are not permitted. What I didn't realize was that the finicky keys on this calculator would make it a chore to enter something so simple as a three digit number. You may have to press a button two or three times before it even registers on the display. It'll take you twenty seconds or more to simply write out a basic arithmetic problem. Even if you have that kind of patience, you'll really need to keep your eyes glued to the display to make sure you didn't make any errors. Save your money and buy a 4 function calculator.
3490	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
1965	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice
8381	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is very girly and pretty. It makes math as enjoyable as math can be.
- Contacts 2 pages

6578	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Keeps me organized for sure!
1066	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my grandson who has to read for 20 minutes a day, as required by his teacher. This is perfect for him as the timer lets him keep track of the time and ensures he will read the entire 20 minutes. However, it is a little bulky for children's books, making it hard for him to use as a bookmark.
1849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They look very nice and the black and white colors blend nicely with the many other colors already on display.  I love polka dots and would gladly reorder in varying size polka dots.  Thanks!
6029	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy these to use in my passport size midori. I have to cut a little off the length but I don't mind. Love the grid paper. I use these for bullet journaling.


Mine are 'gold' toned; they are metal-plated resin, so they are lightweight. I don't think the metal surface would stand up to a lot of handling, but they look like real metal, shiny and mirror-bright.

623	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Strong, sturdy key chain that works perfectly for my husband's keys.  It's durable, attractive & practical.
These are not bad by any means, but I prefer the comparable model made by Piccadilly since they are a little cheaper and made a little better. The lines in the Moleskine version are a little darker than I like. I also like that the binding on the Piccadilly version is flat. These ones have a curve to them (personal preference).
591	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted to have a folder for every day of the week plus a calender slot, planning slot, and one extra.
4179	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves all things Frozen...doesn't everybody?  She loved this calendar, and will enjoy each month's picture from her favorite movie!
5838	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am a writer and addicted to Moleskines. Most of my journals and note pads are Moleskine. These are small, pocket sized ones. I keep them handy for notes. I have other kraft journals that are larger and love them. Although the covers are paper, the quality is incredible. Mostly, the paper within is smooth and writes so beautifully you never want to stop writing.
9749	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
9198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good mouse pad. Feel a little soft but firm enough to hold your wrist. The color was actually purple although it's advertised as blue.
I would have given it a 5 out of 5, but the calculator I received started leaking some plastic from one of the keys and it became a little hard to press. But I may have gotten a bad one.
There is no cushioning on the handle of this gun, so it has proven to be a bit uncomfortable to use over an extended period of time. I loaned it to my mother to use for a home project, and she thought the same thing. She is nearly seventy, and said that she just wouldn't be able to use it for very long due to its very tight spring action. She really had to throw a lot of body weight behind it to get it to fire, and she isn't up to that for the long haul.
4741	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have been using -Moleskine- for a few years now, and after having tried other brands for my journals or planners, I keep coming to Moleskine mainly for convenience. Last year I got my first -dotted- notebook (L) to use as a study journal, and I liked it so much I also switched to dotted pocket size for my daily planner.
9693	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	UPDATE: After a couple of weeks my opinion of this has dropped. The only good thing is that it has the same nylon covering as the original version. But the gel (or whatever they use now, it used to be gel) feels as hard as a rock and is really unpleasant to use. I thought I could live with the thinner padding but this is really really unpleasant to use.
One thing I noticed that's different from others I've gotten, is that the magnetic strip goes all the way along the length of the bookmark. In my past purchases, I've noticed that it's usually two different magnets that are separated in the middle where the fold is.
6550	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I used this for my first year of law school. It didn't quite give me enough space to write my homework and work/school hours in for one week. I made it work though.  Next year I will get a larger one.
6619	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love this planner! It helps me keep so organized at work. I don't know what I would do without it.
1986	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Using it for homeschooling so there are a couple pages that I don't use but it's a great layout!!
9976	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for addressing envelopes.  Last forever!
9594	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works well.  It helps relieve the strains on my wrist.  (I lost my old one -- I take it along on business trips.)
482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This number line is PERFECT!  I love that the odd and even numbers are different colors, which helps students to see a pattern.  It also means that they can make the numbers closer together but the students will still be able to differentiate between the numbers.  The word-form on top of each one is FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!  I made sure to laminate mine before posting it.  Anything that I put in my classroom quickly bends and gets wavy because of the condensation on the slick paint on the walls.  I wish they offered this in different colors or themes, but it's absolutely perfect functionally.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy one or to recommend this to someone.  I have other teachers ask me ALL THE TIME about where I got this one.
1589	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these after finally losing our last ancient unadorned Luminarc soup plate. I bought them more for the utility of their size and durability than the pattern, but I now find I really like the way they look in addition to their nice size capacity. We use them to heat all sorts of food in the microwave.
6635	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works well

While I generally love Evan-Moor products, this book is better than their "Read and Understand" series and far superior to the Spectrum workbooks I've picked up.
2063	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this months ago because I thought the cover was pretty, and I finally broke it in this Spring and Summer. I only prefer college-ruled composition books, so I was very pleased that this paper was as such! The cover gets me lots of compliments in class, and I enjoy using it. The inside paper is of  excellent quality for a composition book, and I'm very pleased with my purchase, even if it was a pretty penny. There's charming designs inside each of the covers that are entertaining as well. Would  recommend and even buy again!
4340	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My absolute favorite calendar!  I've been getting these for quite a few years now and there is more than enough space to keep track of a family of five...I hope they're around for a long time to come.
4980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great moleskine binding, pocket inside, pages and pages of every possible reference you could want, and some address book pages in the back, plus 18 months of planning with 1 week on one side, and notes for the week on the other!  perfect.  What more could you want?  It's not even that thick.  I love it, perfect, I cannot wait to start using it in July!  (It's June now. :3)
5431	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a writer, I've been very picky in choosing writing instruments and the paper on which I use `em. I'm not the best writer in the world, but I like to write quite a bit, and I go through tons of ink and paper in a year.
9830	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, fits my machine and gives me the ability to label to my hearts content.
I exercise at home daily, where I have a dedicated workout room.  Although I keep things pretty clean, over time, some of my equipment (e.g., my recumbent bike and my heart rate monitor) has tended to become somewhat coated in a residue of sweat.  When I sprayed this product on these items, it removed the old, built-up residue and left behind a clean, fresh scent.  I found the product helpful for many other uses as well, including wiping down my yoga mats, refreshing my workout clothes in-between washes, and decreasing shoe odor.
These might cost a little more than generic ones but well worth the price, cannot find one bad thing to say about them.
8234	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Okay, maybe the last one isn't true - but the price was right and I needed a calculator.

8257	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I created a whole group of Christmas cards with these. They look great and were fun to do. I'm ordering more so I can finish my card list.
3932	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These were beautiful cards. I have bought several of Sabuda's pip-up books for my niece and they are gorgeous. Will definitely buy next year's version.
1822	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These worked great for my classroom. I already had the Pocket chart and I needed something to hang it with. I bought these door hooks and they have been awesome! I didn't have to drill holes or anything. They fit perfectly over the door and help with organization! I love this product!
6250	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Coming from Europe, I find the overall situation with squared notebooks in the US weird. It is like hunting antiquities. This particular notebook is low on pages and sheets are very thin and yellowish. Definitely overpriced.
If this review was helpful, please click YES below.
7263	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Better paper than had before
4910	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite diary notebooks, I have filled many over the years. Perfect size and I appreciate the lines. I decorate the book with something that corresponds with what I am going through at the time. A small price to pay for my mental health.
6289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I recently bought this for a business trip which required me to keep receipts and file an expense report. It was sturdy and handles travel very well, and I found it very convenient. I even stored my boarding passes in the front pocket and all the receipts in the other pockets. This kept the receipts neat and uncrinkled - a plus for when I have to send them in for my expense report. In the future, this will be replacing my passport case on international trips because a passport can easily tuck down in one of these pockets and stay securely in place. I wish it came with a small notepad or something attached, but I also found that the mini pocket notebooks from Moleskine tuck easily down into a pocket as well without adding any extra bulk. I absolutely love Moleskine's products!!!
While not hand bound in top grade cowhide this diary is nevertheless a class act and if it holds up throughout the year as Moleskine products generally do it is a bargain at the price.

4849	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always a great product!
8700	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This actually helped my tennis elbow which took a year and a half to heal.
9481	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Keys with nice tactile feed back. Battery lasts a long time. The size is perfect. The functions take some time to learn.
1519	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love it!!!
Grandma's $0.02 - This beautiful binder reminds me of an old Southern bridal shower custom well worth continuing.  Each friend of the bride contributes a special recipe to the bride to be so that she can begin married life with a good selection of tried-and-true dishes.  What a gift to treasure for a lifetime!
3895	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product! It simply does what it says. It gives you a very cool sensation to whatever area of skin you apply it. It stays cool for many hours. It also attaches securely to your skin, but, when removed, leaves no sticky residue behind. I've only tried it once, so far, but it brought on a very comforting feeling. It may not completely fix a migraine, but it does a lot more than medications alone can do. I didn't expect it to live up to the praises most of the reviews I had read about it claimed, but it I was proven wrong. It completely surpassed my expectations, even the most positive hopes I had for it! I think these are good for a lot more than just migraines. Great product for head/neck pain, and it even provides a psychological comfort as well. I will definitely purchase again!
8926	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good price and provides the needed support.
6003	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little notebooks. Not priced much higher than the crappy student notebooks, with far nicer paper. The size is just perfect as well, about a half sheet of paper and sits right on top of an iPad mini. I use the plan paper versions for sketchbooks, and the larger versions with the [more] durable but flexible covers for my main sketchbooks. I've tried other imitations but the paper isn't as nice to write or draw on. I just use a Bic Atlantis pen and my artist lead holders, nothing that might bleed. But the paper feels durable enough that belles would not be an issue.
b) Binding - The binding of the notebook is in the fashion of an actual book. The 56 pages are fractionated into 3 separate "mini-books" of 18 pages each. These three "mini-books" are then sewn together. The 3 sewn segments are then glued and sewn within a thick paper wrapper, which is then fixed into the outside cover of the notebook. I tried to take a picture, you can check it out in the product description to get a better idea of what I'm trying to describe.
The pictures are not particularly impressive.
918	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my Husband as a present for valentines day. I also purchased a cork roll and used a spray adhesive to stick the map on to the roll, then placed that in a frame that i got from Michaels at 50% off. This is a great travel map for using push pins.
3910	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Zoo Pals Funtensils are fantastic.  My kids loved the animal characters on each utensil.  They come in bright, kid friendly colors and would be great for a zoo or safari theme party.



9448	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Calculator is awesome. Good for CFA exam. But the box is totally messed up when I got the package. It looks like someone opened the package and pouched the box
7269	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's hard to get excited about paper. But I printed something one day and a friend reached over to get it and went on and on about how rich the paper felt. Others have made the same remark when I distributed hand-outs in a workshop. Best use: impressing people with your hand-outs if you are a professional speaker or presenter.
378	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
THE 2015 ARGYLE SWEATER calendar sits right here on my computer desk so I can enjoy it daily.  Do yourself a favor and get one for that special person or for yourself!  You won't be sorry and the laughs never stop.

8682	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very helpful!
7835	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This calculator is exactly what I needed for my class!
6270	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	They're perfect for quick notes throughout the day and one will fit nicely in any pocket or my bag. Very convenient and the quality you can expect from Moleskine.
Coloring Pencils:  Prismacolor Premier Soft Core, Derwent Colorsoft, Prismacolor Verithins, and Faber-Castell Polychromos
1624	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Lovely....and they work great. They don't slip off of the marked page. Very pleased.
7718	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for our son. He says it works great
2. I can see how it will help me not only stay organized but also focuses on some current goals and projects. I don't always procrastinate out of bad habit; sometimes I just get overwhelmed with a project because I can't organize it easily. This should be perfect for that. (I'm working on a book and will be primarily using this or that and for health tracking.
6593	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this planner. It has everything and more that a busy college student would need to be able to organize and prioritize her life! Second year of purchasing and out of all the planners I've ever had, the only thing is I wish I found this sooner!
6229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
3717	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great discount, since I guess the letter "i" is not a big seller. Now when I'm asked what the "i" stands for, I say Important, Impressive, Incredible deal! Lol
4427	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have nothing but good things to say about this program. My 3 year old has started reading and LOVES every minute of it because of meet the sight words. She learned ALL of her sight words in a week! And she's now moved onto the books. I am beyond impressed with this program.
Sorry, my friends. I am still looking for a replacement (or original) WaveRest. Out there somewhere there is one for sale, and I'm going to buy it. I'll let you all know if I find it.
8610	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good item
4052	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love all Dyan's products.  Such cute stencils.
It can be hard to find the unruled ones in the stores. Originally I was hesitant to buy the soft cover, but the notebook holds its shape well while still having a bit of give when thrown in a bag or briefcase.
I'm holding back 1 star for the following reasons:
595	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Use it in my home office to hold various documents.  Seems to be built sturdy and holds folders well.
6005	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	fantastic for those spur of the moment sketches.
7083	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These are not genuine Oki ribbons.  They don't have Oki logo on ribbon and no Oki boxes.  They are just in individual plastic bags.  Not sure how they perform.
6783	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Cross makes beautiful writing instruments.  Well made and the right weight for me.  It is far more professional to use a 23 kt gold trimmed instrument with a client than a "free-be" click fountain pen.  Numerous people have commented how smooth it writes.
570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my boys like to have this every month they change the dates and seasons month and put bdays up special dates .
8772	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good
First, it is extremely sharp and most certainly holds an edge well.  While I do touch up work on all of my kitchen knives, I do admit that I frequently have the entire collection professionally sharpened.  Why muck about doing something that a professional can do better?  A sharp knife is a workable knife whereas a dull knife is a true pain and is actually quite dangerous.
8377	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comparing the Texas Instruments TI30XIIs calculator to the CASIO, the CASIO might be more user friendly and easier to use fractions.  However the CASIO does not keep things in memory when it shuts off while the TI does.  The CASIO will also not give the correct answer to a few specific types of problems involving parentheses. For example (4)(4) divided (4)(4). Sorry I don't know how to put a divided symbol into this text.  The correct answer is 16; the CASIO will give an answer of 1.  It is easily corrected by remembering to put a times symbol between the parentheses, but it is still annoying that CASIO refuses to correct this logic error.

Comes with a nice little instruction manual, not like those stupid fold out sheets.
5886	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You can see my review on the storyboard version. This one is its constant companion. The watercolor paper is a nice weight. I use this as an art journal and for practicing Zentangles. It works perfectly because the binding at the top lets me turn the page in any direction very comfortably or even write on my knee while traveling without the open cover being a bother. I highly recommend this one for traveling art journalists who need mixed-media weight paper in a portable, easy-access form.
I don't think I'm selling this one soon.
9599	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If you need a financial calculator and are wondering what to get, then this is the one. You can use it on the CFA exam and it has the combination buttons to save you from memorizing a few extra formulas for nCr! and nPr!. Also, a few tips to help you get it set up: I prefer floating decimals and AOS calculations which can be changed by hitting 2nd and "." (FORMAT). Change it to DEC = 9 for floating decimals. For AOS mode, hit the down arrow under FORMAT until you see "Chn". Once you see "Chn" hit 2nd "ENTER" (ie SET) and down arrow then 2nd "CPT" (ie quit). This is how mine is set up which is great for me.
5492	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love my moleskin!  Same quality as always.  I much prefer the dots as they are dark enough to help guide but not so dark so as to create a distraction.
2023	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are good quality page markers that stay where you put them.  And they're bright!  I use them with my Lonely Planet reference guides  when I plan road trips.  Come in a nice box.  Arrived from the seller quickly and as described.

firm enough to support the wrist into an ergonomic position
8522	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this is the greatest calcultor ever made. it has replace my graphing one. there are plenty of people online and on amazon who can tell you about the features. i just wanted to leave a review to boost the rating. its that good.
3837	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The chug bottles are terrific for long- or short- distance travel in your car. I am never without my chugs. I keep one in the cooler with water and crystal light and the other in my purse. I would never be without one because I just love my water.
2156	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	nice bookmark. well made product. happy with this purchase. highly recommend this is your looking for a good bookmarker for your book
4380	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am glad I bought these for my Bible. Allows me to easily locate books of the bible and I like the color coding.
193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	a gift and she loved it
Just a warning.
8761	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Good
Functionally, it is great. I love that the numbers and the functions, ie: minus, plus, etc. all stay displayed until I am finished calculating.
9374	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Comfortable but at times, pad too much elevated making wrist arch more than intended.

5945	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great
5931	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I finally bought this notebook. I do a lot of "Urban Sketching" and have tried many different notebooks. This has all the elements I needed. First and foremost, the quality of the paper is very high. Washes and inks don't bleed through, you can use the next page, and even the back of the used ones! Next it has a nice firm cover, you can sketch, draw, paint, with it in your hand without it bending, yet it is not so thick as to make it bulky. In addition it is an excellent size. It is bound so you can work portrait style on a single page, or flat open for a really wide landscape picture. It is also a sewn binding so it makes a continuous picture that way. The rounded corners save my clothes and bags from the wear and tear of the usual sharp corners.
2039	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those goofy products that you didn't know existed but are glad they do.  I read in bed every night before turning out the light, and it's hard to hold the book open with one hand. (The other is used to hold the magnifying glass.)  I wished for a solution, but didn't know what form it would take.  Then I saw these and ordered them and voila! - problem solved.  A very helpful bit of plastic.
4679	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	This is a nice, convenient little planner, in a convenient size, and nicely formatted for flexible use.  However, it is quite costly for what you get. Sadly, after buying this for my 18yo son, we were browsing in the dollar store, and he found a similarly formatted planner, of comparable quality, and slightly larger in size, that he liked better (a bit more flexible for planning and a bit more room to write), so this one was abandoned.  I felt it was a waste of $13. I have since been using it as an expense tracker--but again, I could have gotten this at the dollar store! I don't have many expenses as a stay-at-home mama--just once or twice a week to a grocery store, a handful of online purchases, and another errand or two every couple weeks. And that is enough information to fill up this little book!
9703	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality .. I am a mechanic,If I run this one over,,Ill buy the same ones again
Iam very pleased with this purchase.
I use a Bic Atlantis pen which is extremely smooth-writing so these two together - each stroke of the pen is like a stick of buttah.
2373	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	great!
639	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excellent
I have a wireless mouse and the finish on the materiel made it work sometimes and go haywire others.  It was frustrating to say the least!  I tried rubbing it with a wet cloth and on my jeans but that didn't work.  I finally used a little steel wool and VERY gently rubbed it and just took the shine off the mouse pad area.  Now it works a charm.  I am telling you this so if you have a wireless mouse you have an idea of a fix.
8169	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	The quality is good and there Avery provides free software to work with there products. BUT! Trying to find a template for the envelopes is a royal pain. According to the Avery wed site:
The frame around a display drops a shadow on it and it's hard to read it.

1020	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Purchased because it was pretty and because I lost my old one I'd had forever. My old one had spiral binding and I much prefer that, but this one was so pretty..... we'll see how long it lasts.
The mirror finish is just beautiful; I noticed that on some of the other tri-ply reviews, people were complaining about the pot not cleaning well and giving poor ratings.  Morons I say.  First of all, you should be purchasing a pot because you intend to cook in it, not because you want to leave it in a museum.  Secondly, if they bothered to read the directions, you can maintain the original luster just by using Barkeeper's Friend.
1736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works well.
2659	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Used these for years!
This notes are retro, fun, and beautiful--plus they are high-quality notes that compete with the best commercial brands out there in stickiness! I would call these the perfect gift for anyone who is a writer, an organizer, a reader, a journaller, or someone who just plain likes sticky notes. They are that nice. They come in a gorgeous tin with a clear face that will not only be a nice gift presentation but will keep the sticky notes from becoming dog-eared. I love luxury office supplies (especially affordable ones) and I am very impressed with these. I hope they keep making these for a very long time!
I wanted a notebook that I could take little notes of what tasks I did so I can look back and see what I was working on and how far I got without having to rely on memory.
3229	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I use these in my classroom for phonics games.

6295	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine never seems to disappoint! High quality, durable, and perfect size! This is how every notebook should be made.
4423	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent learning tool!
Pro or Con Depending on What Someone Needs in a Calculator.
At their start, we were teddy bears; at their end, we were doing it in the road.
3694	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	wysiwyg
It is time consuming applying tabs.  Be prepared to spend an hour - you do not want to be rushed!
3736	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these pans and they are great, easy to clean and sturdy. They have a lip around the edge which makes it easy to pick up or turn the pan if you need to.
6153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Last year, I bought a Large Moleskin lined journal book from Franklin Covey store. I used it on my trip to the Far East and loved using it to journal and keep important things on its back side pocket. This year, on my return trip, I went to WalMart and bought one that looked like Moleskin, but proved there's only one Moleskin.
198	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect addition to our at home library!
3508	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	When I received this I literally held a part of a wooden clock I was building in place while I opened the delivery box with the other hand. Drew the hammer out and tapped the part in place. After that, I used it way more than I thought I would. It does not mar. It is a good size, balanced, and very controllable. If you do woodworking, get it. Quite handy.

7371	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	In 1996 I was looking for a programmable calculator and realized I hadn't yet bought an HP.  All my friends had raved about them over the years, but I've never been a heavy calcluator user--my needs were pretty well met by my old Sharp scientific.  (I thought I'd lost the Sharp in a move, so I needed a new calculator.)
8515	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	These ubiquitous texas instrument calculator that everyone thinks are so great are complete garbage.  Compared to 15c or 42s by HP this is not a tool, but a child's toy or just a piece of land fill luggage.
6176	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Always enjoyed using Moleskine products.  paper may be just a bit thin when writing with a fountain pen.  I have had no bleed through issues with my fine point sharpie.
713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I order this calendar every year!  It is beautiful and the prints in it are frame worthy!  I have several of the prints from older calendars framed and hanging in my home!  I can not wait until the new one come out every year so that I can enjoy it all year long and change out my framed prints to the new one in the next years calendar!  You won't be disappointed if you buy this calendar!  Makes a great gift too!
5889	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a nice little landscape oriented book of watercolor paper. It looks nice and the paper itself is of decent quality. Worth the cost and travels well.
7239	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Genuine toner cartridges work best and this is a very reasonable price for brand new genuine. I would certainly buy this again. Fits HP6MP
Perfect for those in professions where there is a need to record time for billing and metrics purposes (Contractors, Consultants, Lawyers, Paralegals, Secretary pools, Doctor's working multiple sites, etc.,) The booklets are easy to carry around and Moleskine paper is also fountain pen, gel pen and roller ball friendly.  There is no show-through/bleed through.

1735	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT product!  It is exactly what I was looking for -- somewhere to write all the lessons we did for the day.  I bought one for each of my home schooled kids and they liked filling it up with what activity they did in the correct line (music, math, language arts, US history, World History, etc).  There is also a place where to write the name of the curriculum books and workbooks you are using for the year.  That was about all I needed and I am satisfied with this book.

9331	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased for replacements for some that were worn out.
4544	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this pocket chair to set out materials I will need for the week according to subject. I use 3M command hooks to hang it on the back of my filing cabinet. One caveat: Don't over stuff it with heavy files or the pockets will rip. Mine had seen pretty heavy use, and it lasted 2+ years. Lesson learned! I bought a new one for this school year because it is just handy to have, but I am much more conscious now about heavy file folders.
Picture should show ream ONLY if that is the only one available.
7992	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
Steady now lads. At one hundred metres ... VOLLEY FIRE!!!!
If you're only going to print coupons or something, feel free to get a cheaper paper, but if it's anything you may want to keep, I can't recommend this paper more highly.
The main drawback that I can see to this product is that taking notes on books that you've read has to be more efficient in a Word or Excel file on a computer -- you can take more notes, you can search for specific words, and so on.  I suppose you can take notes by hand first, then transfer them into a computer file later.  If you like being able to take notes without a computer, though, this is a nifty product.
7056	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	this works as intended. don't stop me from printing bc you want me to buy more cartridges please. this is for work. i personally buy brother where they allow me to print until i can't see the letters if i want to. I want to control my ugly printing. not hp or some software. sorry dude.
869	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I liked these series.  Segments are written very well at student's reading level.  Questions insure student read through entire reading segment and understood terminology and concept.

6104	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love this little notebook! Quality throughout, a total classic. I just wish it was made in USA. Maybe someday...

8570	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves her new calculator and it has all the functions she needs for her college needs.  Searched for a reasonably priced one that had all the functions and didn't break the bank, this one fits the bill.
2. is that there are 6 months JAN- JULY 2013--- that i won't have a planner -- since these only run from july 2011 to dec 2012. This does not make sense to me, they should just make a full 2 year calender.
9269	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	came the next day, my wrist feels better already. love it with my apple magic mouse. buy it!
9850	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It works. It sticks. It prints :)
3153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pocket chart. I am able to use it as one chart or as three individual charts. It is great to have.
7310	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought two reams of this paper to use with a new Canon printer (also purchased at Amazon) and I've always use HP 24#, 96 brightness inkjet paper in the past. When I got my new printer, this was the first paper I loaded and printed on and I have to say that I could notice a 'difference' in the 97 brightness and my new printer than the 96 brightness on my old paper. Prints just brilliantly with vibrant tones. Also had very good luck in delivery - perfect packaging.
3906	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I enjoy this new colander most of all because it fits in the dishwasher so much easier than traditional colanders.  It can be washed while folded and that makes a big difference when loading dishes after a big meal.  It also stores easily and opens easily with the flick of one hand.  It fits well in my saucepans and allows pasta and other items to drain into their pan or a bowl if you want to collect juice.  It is very comforting to know that the silicon will not melt during use no matter how hot the items are in it or that it rests on.  I wish I had had this long ago.

6610	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've tried other planners but this one does everything I need & the smaller size is awesome.

4535	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	So many uses! I use this to put extra papers in for my kids to work on when done. I also
2980	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can't get enough of these.
9301	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great product, arrived on time and in great condition. Perfect for college
The paper quality is more like a mixture between normal notebook paper and construction paper. This is NOT what I was expecting. I expected slightly lower quality materials for everyday use, not thin construction paper.
I'm a consultant, and I can refer back to notes from prior years in my notebooks and they look like they were just written.

3386	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great learning tool for toddlers!
7121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	lots of paper.  when purchased in bulk like this, it costs half as much as when purchased one pack at a time.
5063	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The very best in basic notebooks can be enjoyed thanks to the Moleskine line of products. This notebook sets the standard.
3232	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is exacly what I needed for the poster board.  It is the right size and shapea d it was priced well.
7541	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it
PROS:

7648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfect! Fabulous! The keys are a nice size and have a great feel to them! nice size display, does not scoot around the table, hurray! I had an old solar power calculator that I love and it died! I searched for quite a while and found this and I am so happy, for an affordable product that is worth its weight in gold!

4957	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice thick paper for sketches :)
- Then it's the 2015 holidays page 1 page
2856	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've struggled with keeping my personal and work lives organized. In addition to using a large calendar, I've started using this pad. It has helped me SO much! I love the look of the pad and how organized it's made me feel since I've started using it.
3900	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I ordered 2 carafes about a month before Thanksgiving with the intention of using them at my Thanksgiving party.  About 2 weeks later, I received a huge box with only one carafe inside.  I'll review first the carafe and then the seller, Chefs.
641	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Out of the 100 postcards, there are about 15-20 that I'm actually interested in. Many of them are just boring. Not as good as I had hoped.
8252	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love it my child uses it every day for math class and it is perfect and sturdy. solar powered so no worries about battery and charging.
I have not had problems with jamming, and so far all of my stapling projects have gone smoothly, from stapling fabric onto wood and more.
7938	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product.
Having used one myself, I can confirm that they are true and accurate.

776	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love the book so far but how can you possibly see any of the graphs which so far are many. I have blown up my text to the largest size but I still can no see them. They apprear to have great info in them...
2134	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect to go with a horse book.
6733	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A very nice planner! Very easy to use and organize, it benefited me very much in college.

8789	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great
4266	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I am really pleased with the quality of this journal. It came encased in a clear vinyl (until I take it off). It has a real leather look and feel. The inside pages are of a thick enough quality and are ample for my daughter to write her thoughts and prayers. I love the Bible verses at the bottom of each page. It is a small journal, perfect for a teen girl.
8843	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing. Works amazing. I highly recommend it! Must need!
The box the stencils come in is fine as is the material the stencils are cut from.
6288	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Moleskine brings another great product to is classic series. I like the multiple pockets which can help organize the receipts/loose papers. I only wish there was a re-writable tab for each pocket.
4695	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	My girlfriend likes to keep things old-school (digs paper, shuns digital journals).  She really enjoyed these as a gift.  Quality seems nice.
2256	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	was a gift and she like the maker.  I was happy she did.  She is a reader and thought it be a nice gift.
86	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my daughter and she loves it.  It's a rich olive green color.  The material is durable.  My daughter loves it because its not the typical bible cover.
6494	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes I still need paper. Ive bought  3 this year for various projects. Was awesome as I tracked my Dads health for dr appts. I had all info, questions, etc in one place. Now use for my health and a church project Im working with.
7776	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Very light and a very plastic feel. Doesn't feel like it's a very good quality product. But it gets the job done and the price point wasn't too bad for it.

1229	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome coloring book. It's thicker than I expected, and the illustrations are intricate yet somehow rhythmic, if that makes sense. They're perfect for winding down or de-stressing. The colored pencils are high-quality (Derwent Colorsofts, in fact) and they provide vibrant color and layering capabilities. Definitely recommended.
4026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a cool stencil. Not only is it big but it can be used as a background or put it up front to push back the design. The stencil it self is sturdy and lays flat. I used it with spray and will be trying it with a sponge later. If there is a problem I will give an update.
6193	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The only "fancy" notebook I will ever buy. I love grid paper in particular, so it was perfect that Moleskine made these. It's a pretty expensive price tag, but if you use it every day and consider it your "life book" like I do, it should be worth it. I write in these daily as a sort of daily planner, I draw my own calendars, and write down all the info I'd need at my fingertips in these notebooks. They are amazing quality and are a great way to document your life, then look back at later when you need to remember an event. Love these, and cannot recommend them enough.
They are a bit pricey for a simple note pad but I would recommend them to a friend.
2247	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
5808	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	love this!  great size for portability. the paper is high quality.  great for creating zentangles
7466	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	WORKS JUST FINE, VERY EASY TO USE, FITS IN MY PURSE JUST FINE AND IS EASY TO SEE AND READ
When they do, though, they'll carry the pen everywhere they go!
They are perfect for Zentangle sketchbooks, since you can always add colors of wet media on the beautiful watercolour paper.
4691	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've been a long time Moleskein notebook fan, but had always purchased ruled-black notebooks.  When I saw all the new colors in the store I feel in love with the purple and ordered them. They are great, yes fewer pages than the standard black ruled notebooks, but I love how well they fit in my handbag without adding bulk.
7262	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	Created dirty pages and had to replace immediately
5486	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy this same notebook every few months for my little sister because she loves journaling. It even has a little pocket in the back to store little notes and things.
8271	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a digital photography enthusiast and this product has given me the ability to make stunning personalized cards for family and friends.  Very easy to use straight out of the box.  These cards reproduce photographs very nicely, in bright, vibrant color.
7123	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Is among the better paper for an inkjet printer printing color photographs on plain paper.  I have used it for years.  Price was OK on Amazon, probably could equal it with discount coupons at some of the big box stores like Office Depot.  But finding it and dealing with the "store" is a pain sometimes.
My wife and I just dumped our financial advisor and we're in the middle of repositioning our portfolio. This calc has made simple work of many complex decisions. If you think math is fun and you get why RPN beats the pants off of memory registers, you will buy one of these calculators right now.
7468	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As a Math Professor I recommend this model TI-30X IIS for any students below Calculusit is a literal calculator which CLEARLY shows the steps you are computing. Easy to read, use at a great price. GREAT PRODUCT!!! I own a PINK one! : )
8661	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent


I've had these pots and pans for 2 years now, and have steadily added to my tri ply collection.  I'm still very pleased with them.
Refills available everywhere and in
1028	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	good
My only problem is that the threads at the end of the tassel fall out under the slightest pressure.  This situation, like say where they get trapped under something heavy, is something that shouldn't happen, but on the occasion it does, be prepared to see five or six of them to fall out, even if you carefully remove the heavy item from them.
wanna know what i'm getting.
2068	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very cool cover design and well reinforced binding makes this a great choice for a lettering journal.  I can stuff it full of collage materials, etc. and it doesn't fall apart.
6148	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I was hopping for a bit better construction, shortly after getting it the cover started to separate to the point that I had to tape the sides.

1925	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I used these with library cards and Kraft envelopes as note cards, and my fellow teachers FLIPPED when they got them! I love these.
Edit- this is still the Best.  This is my go to knife.  But keep it away from anything with bones.  Because I use it so much I sliced a bit of a roast with it, and hit a bone- lightly- and put a ding in my knife (sob).  I bought some Wenger knives after dinging my Shun, when they were on sale, and I use them for slicing anything with bones.  I got my Wengers under 10 dollars- so keep and eye on them-

7800	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	works great
Now I need a unit that accepts more junk. More paper and CDs and the whole bit. So I'm looking around. But for daily use in a home office or small office, this is a great machine and I highly recommend it.
Looked very good on my bulletin board on white background.  Plays nicely with various colors and themes.
6169	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great for Bullet Journaling.
I love that there is a "contacts" section, so I don't need a separate address book, and tear-out pages at the end. Though I'm more likely to use them for to-do lists than shopping lists, they're convenient to have.

5154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	For anyone who has been a fan of Moleskines like I have, this is a neat new item to try. Granted, much of the attraction to Moleskines for me was their smaller size and ruggedness, so going to this larger version eliminated some of that, but they were able to take the quality product and make it more flexible for people who wanted something a bit larger.
As writing instrument sets go the Cross Classic Century is not a high ticket item so I figure it rates 4 stars; not as good, perhaps, as the older Cross pens were but not abysmal, either.  I figure it's a step or two up from a Pilot rollerball or a Bic ballpoint and looks better in a dress shirt pocket than either of those options.  YMMV.
1687	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy one of these every year for the office.  They really brighten my day first thing every morning when I pull off the new page.
3273	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very good
8163	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Truly the classic go-to calculator. If you can't use a graphing calculator, I definitely recommend this one.
1135	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Not only did this burn the hell out of my eyes, but it did absolutely nothing after a 3 weeks of nightly usage. No lash growth and definitely no eyebrow growth. If anything, it was sticky, and my eyebrows fell out. Strange.. I've used other products in the past that worked well on lashes and didn't burn.. That product sadly is discontinued.
7693	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
5763	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	i'm sort of collecting journals right now to determine what I like best in size and material.  Haven't opened this one yet - saving it until I "find my happy place", and starting with the tiny Moleskin cahier pocket sketch books.  This 5x8 watercolor sketchbook comes highly recommended in the class I'm taking.
9356	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great purchase!
About a year later I was in need of a new notebook and ordered this one. It was idential to the first one. Except so much more pristine and empty. It was intimidating. I wrote. I wrote a lot. The writing never stopped but none of it ever felt like that first moleskin I wore out. I'm starting to think nothing will.
553	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Just what I needed to teach my students place value during daily calendar. I took off a star because you have to cut out the numbers, and it doesn't come with rubber bands to wrap up the 10 bundles.
930	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I wanted a map to frame and hang in my living room. I like being able to reference places on the news as well as having a reference for conversations that involve traveling. (For some reason I have those conversations a lot.) But I also wanted something that DIDN'T look like it belongs in a 5th-grade social studies classroom. This map is perfect for that. It's very pleasing to the eye and feels more like a "grown up" map than most of the ones I've seen that use different solid colors to separate the states. It's also very nice to have the bordering parts of Canada and Mexico visible.
9024	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Use it every day
3322	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's so nice, I can't wait to give this to my dad.
7207	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Wanted something a bit stiffer than the common 20# bond.
2738	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are FUN - get a kick out of using them!
5.  Finance, Time-value-of-money, days-between-dates, and interest conversion given to you from the get-go.
The low cost of a Palm and cable means any small serial  interface device, like a voicemail system, can have a permanent or  temporary display hooked up without adding a lot of expensive hardware, or  hauling around a heavy laptop.

3422	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The grandson loves these and has learned so much. Truly helps with his school work and every thing. Wonderful gift

8054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time to order this greeting card paper and I love the weight and the fact that it is scored which makes it easy to fold the card.
310	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	As I read the reviews of this product I am very surprised because it is exactly as the description described. They are small, but I think it would be great for any purse. However, I bought them small to fit in a shoe box for a girl for Operation Christmas Child.
5177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love the Moleskine notebooks, the color is exactly as pictured! Very bright and a perfect notebook to throw in your purse and bring along - I use it to keep my daily to-do list.
6502	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm a very detailed person and my job requires me keeping track of multiple projects, planning ahead, etc. Each weekly spread in this planner includes the 7 days of that week but also includes: a task (to-do) area, a project delegation area, and a weekly goals / projects area. If you're like me and need lots of organization of tasks and thoughts --- you will love this planner.
8302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This seems to be the best calculator engineers are allowed to use on most official exams. I purchased it so I am familiar with its operations and so far I am impressed with what it can do!
Things I wish Moleskine would add:
6121	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little notebook for you purse or car.
I really liked the product as it worked well and provide good support for my wrist (my previous purchase two years ago).
6646	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	The stickers rip on every one which make them unusable.  Terrible item.
2083	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This bookmark is very well made!!
--A computer-centric coding system for days of the week. The voice-driven time stamp system can tell you which day of the week a message arrived. But to SET the date, you have to know that the days of the week are numbered from 1 to 7, starting with Monday.
403	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It does a great job of hanging there on my wall.  Quite crisp and defined.
6393	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Did what they claimed to do!

2611	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These note pads are just really fun!

After purchasing and using the 1 quart saucepan for awhile, I decided to splurge and replace my old, cheaper SS pots with this brand.
5498	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love these notebooks but the soft cover feels cheaper than the hardcovers I'm used to. On the back, you can see the bulging of where the straps are attached. Also, it is harder to lay the notebook flat. The color is a little off-it is a tad more green than pictured.
Update.  Mousepad was exiled to garage for 2 weeks.  With the air circulation in the garage, the odor decreased from extraordinarily noxious to just very unpleasant.  Brought the mousepad into the house and I noticed the longer I used it, the more overpowering the stench.  I think I've figured it out.  The pad itself is made from the cheapest Chinese rubber they can get, so it outgasses.  Well, no surprise there.

For me it was important because I didn't want to separate books like 1 Kings and 2 Kings. I wanted Matthew to start at the top of my Bible, if possible, thus I wanted Malachi to end at the bottom. To do this, I had to divide the Books of the Hebrew/Aramaic  in half and try to make two full rows for those books.
All things considered, I think this brush is a plus to have on hand.
This journal is very well organized and ensures I keep an accurate account of my imbibing experience...both the factual details and my opinions.
4978	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for tucking in your pocket or purse, so thin and flexible, but strong--they hold up well. Sort of a versatile "diary" to record random information. I like the plain (no lines) so I can draw a diagram or write small or large or whatever. Since this slips so easily into almost anything I carry, I always have something permanent to make a note in, which is easily retrieved later.  And the pocket on the back inside cover can hold business cards, stamps, etc..
7146	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Heavy Weight Printer Paper.
7831	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	After reading the poor reviews of the remanufactured cartridges, attempting to save a buck, and looking all over town trying to find these replacements for my cheapo but works so well printer, I decided to just order a new one.
9153	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is very easy on my hands and wrists. It also stays put on the table, no sliding around.
2927	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	my cousins son loved these
7305	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite inkjet printer paper because it is the brightest white paper I can find.  Produces excellent 600dpi black and color images.  I use this paper for everyday use and for high resolution projects.  I highly recommend this inkjet paper.
3871	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	NOTE:  I received a free sample of this product from the manufacturer to review.
Perfect size and thickness, rounded corners, great watercolor paper for a sketchbook. Heavier paper than the Visual Journal watercolor sketch book and far less bulky, plus it's hard bound with a band and a large pocket. love love love
9463	Office_Products_5	NEG	2.0	I've owned this mouse pad twice before, and I have to say... this mouse pad SMELLS TERRIBLE. And I'm not just talking about the fresh manufacturing chemical smell either. This mouse pad gets dirty and STAYS DIRTY, and smells worse over time! On top of that, the terrible smell will embed itself into your wrist, so you can carry the smell around with you!
5305	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It's a solid notebook. I don't love it but I like it!!!

4792	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	If I am willing to spend the time filling up a note book I can afford to the extra $10 to buy one that is top quality.
8642	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfortable and not too big.

Such a worthy service to be reproducing these for us common folk.
5213	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	very nice book large and easy to write in.  My daughter loved it - I kkow she will use it often.
7971	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what the teachers asked for.  This calculator was on my daughters school shopping list and a quick search on Amazon and it was on the way to the door.  The calculator is actually quite good with a easily readable screen.  Has many of the advanced scientific functions.  Hard to believe they can pack so much function in such a low cost student calculator.

4934	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	perfectly sized to slip in your pocket, purse or bedside table.
I'm a writer, a frequent interviewer of people with detailed information to share, a person into whose head frequently pop ideas I want to capture ... AND a long time fan of great stationary. As such, I think I qualify as someone who takes a certain portion of my note-taking pretty seriously (in that I enjoy doing it and like to put my important information somewhere it's taken care of by the notebook I've recorded it in).
1174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I write fifteen to twenty thank you cards a week to my staff at work thanking them for various things so I was super excited when I was given the opportunity to purchase these at a special price to test for quality and give my honest opinion of them.  These cards are top of the line made of heavy linen cardstock.  The "Thank You" is embossed in block letters .  The inside of the card is blank so you can use them for anything.
1580	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought this at an incredible savings through Amazon 4 years ago.  Solid brass housing adds to the 35 pound weight of the unit.  Still running very quietly as I write this.  I have several other Hunter fans in our home and am very pleased.
To my surprise there is the main map, then on the bottom left is the type of terrain map, and on the bottom right is the population map. This was so helpful for what I was using the map for!!

602	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	An excellent pocket chart at a very reasonable price

5614	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	The perfect date-book for me. Fits in my shirt pocket, left-hand page has a week of days, right-hand page, plenty of room for notes. My last one lasted 18 months.
1) Attractive - these notebooks are unbelievably great looking. They are subtle, professional, and even feel great between our fingers
38	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It is a great case...cute and sturdy.  Her bible fits in it perfectly.  She wants to use it all the time.


8296	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly! My son has been playing with it since he got it and hasn't even brought it to school yet!  It's a nice size, not too big or small.  The protective cover is a nice bonus!
4652	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Yes that is what these pencils are!!  I have used them for drawing and coloring.  They apply in a smooth, creamy fashion.  I just love them!!  The buyer was fantastic also.  I look forward to purchasing from this buyer!!
1054	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these atlases.
4824	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this book to do watercolor sketches of paintings I plan to do full size. I also use it to practice new techniques and brush strokes. I have already filled one book and started another and I have only been painting for 9 months. The paper quality is good and I can decide whether I want a smoother or rougher quality paper after doing the trial sketch in the book which is cold pressed surface.
5832	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	A great set of notebooks for the price. The quality of the paper is very nice and professional, and the soft-cover back is nice as well (flexible without leaving marks). My only complaint is that you can only tear out the last 6 or so pages, which is fine, but when you attempt to tear out any other pages that are not perforated then the outcome is pretty ugly. That's my only complaint with an otherwise great notebook.
Mr. Hilburn never fails to make me laugh -- his ideas, drawings, thoughts, are so funny and yet so down-to-earth and easy to related to.  When I worked, I cannot tell you how many times I would bring in a page that reminded me of a friend or a work situation.  His characters on each page are so well drawn and detailed.  Some of them make me laugh all day long.  And that's what it is all about.
7196	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	quality item

4335	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Favorite wall calendar.  Really helps our family keep track of activities.  Nice big squares and good stickers which I often forget to use - ha.

3908	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	If you have the older R & B flatware that looks like this and can't find more of it, go ahead and buy this.  It doesn't quite match as it is much lighter in weight, but you can still set a consistent-looking table.
6082	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Watch the page numbering. They seem to define a "page" as both sides of a sheet. Using Noodler's Heart of Darkness and still getting bleed through.
5648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It's what you expect from a Moleskine notebook, I purchased this size to serve as a mileage log which fits like a champ in the glove box or the center console.  The paper is a pleasure to write on and it seems like it will serve its function well.

There are plenty of pages to write in and the notebook is the perfect size for a small purse, a large backpack or even a briefcase.
I also love that the front of the bag is clear, so I can easily see what's in there.
9154	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable.  It dimples where you rest your wrist, so it actually is a flat rest, which actually is nice.  Gel stays firm.
I was expecting lines on the paper, but my fault for not fully ready the description.
6933	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these pencils for years, even when they were 5mm. The 5mm pencils failed frequently. The 7mm pencils very utilitarian. I have had to replace the mechanical portion of the 7mm pencils on a regular basis when they fail.

1712	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I buy these Mary E products every year for myself and for certain relatives and friends because she so artfully evokes goodness and innocence with her illustrations, wise reminders and quotes. She brings out the unjaded in all of us and makes her fans smile.  No artist captures and captivates me more than Mary Engelbreit. Be forewarned. I am writing this same review on all my recent ME calendar based and coloring book purchases. Repetition, in this case, is no less sincerely meant - its just easier and practical!
684	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I gifted this adorable memo pad to a coworker and she loved it!
I could be wrong, but I think the idea is to bridge physical notebook users into the digital realm. Many people love to take notes on paper. With mixed text and sketching, it's really difficult to duplicate the efficiency of taking notes on a laptop or portable device. There are times when you're mainly typing, and that is highly efficient, but there's just something about writing it down that is satisfying. But then you have a digital world, as well. How to get those notes into Evernote for safekeeping, tagging, and later retrieval? In this case, you simply take your note(s) and using Evernote's built-in page camera feature, snap a shot of the page. It then gets imported into Evernote and is synced across your devices.
I'm happy, can you say that?
9996	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	It works! Great delivery. Works like it's supposed to. Thanks!!
- The notebooks are manufactured by a company based in Milan, Italy. They are an Italian company through and through.
3073	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My mom LOVED IT! She lives in another state, so I sent it. I wasn't there when she opened it, but I'm sure she probably cried :)
9326	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I saw people complain about the smell how ever this is not the first mouse I have and I can say that this one is already the best smell from all others
5510	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great notebook.  You can't go wrong with moleskin!
7401	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good for student use
2668	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got these as a gift for an employee. They are really funny and actually useful around the office!


5281	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It looks like to be trendy, you have to use moleskines. The fact is, there are a lot of good quality notebooks out there, as good or better than the moleskine. But the moleskine is also very good, and very good quality. If you like taking notes in plain paper, or you like doing quick sketches, or simply if you like notebooks, get the moleskine. You won't regret it.
8760	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Comfy

4352	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I purchased similar mini tabs for a compact Bible, and they worked great, but I needed something for the full-size, large-print Bible I use at work.  These had a classic look that many of the others don't have, so I ordered them while they weren't even in stock and then waited impatiently for them to come in.  I finally received them the other day, and they're everything I expected.  The silver edges of the tabs look great against the silver gilt-edged pages of my Bible, and they're relatively easy to apply.  I was a little thrown by the instructions initially, but once I slowed down and paid attention, the provided placement guide was easy to figure out and use.  I especially love the little cross printed on each tab -- overkill, I know, but it's cute!
1632	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great! =)

4538	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  Works great for make-up work for 7th grade English.  I put two folders in each and label it M-F and that way my Pre-AP kids can get their work in a separate folder.  I also use a blue one at home and I keep it on the inside of the door to the toilet bathroom area in the master bedroom.  That way I can file important, often used items, quickly and easily.
4872	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Another good product from moleskin

Oh yeah, now that we are somewhere around the 40th anniversary of this recording, I hope that some anniversary package is in the works.  You know, remastered with bonus tracks and delux packaging.  That would be cool.  And one thing I'll say for the vinyl: it's a whole lot easier to look at all the faces and figure out who they are.
2688	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute and a good gift
3658	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	k

I remember having an Amana window unit last me 15 years! & I lived in the same area, used it the same way.
513	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is great - we have folders in each pouch for sorting mail in the office. Well made and such a simple solution!

5695	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	the perfect daily planner, nice feel, great organization, separable address book, good auxiliary information, plenty of room
56	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my 8yo's adventure Bible to help keep it clean and protected.  The material does seem a bit cheap, but it looks nice enough and he likes it, which is what really matters. He LOVES all of the many pockets. There's always a place to keep whatever they've given him at church that day. He has one of the Adventure Bibles that clasps shut, which means we weren't able to take advantage of slipping the front and back covers into the case. Instead, he just clasps the Bible shut and places it in the case. That's fine though, it'd be that way with any case he got for it. It'd be hard to read it in the case anyway when he's got the pockets crammed full of stuff. The handle seems pretty secure, but I guess I could see that the material it's attached to could rip if it were treated casually. I've told him that he can carry it by the handle, but I've asked him not to swing it around by the handle because other reviewers have said it can fall off easily. So far, so good. All in all, nice case to fit the Adventure Bible.
2418	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product  I would buy it again, and recommend it to anyone looking for Little Note Book especially for this price

3.  With the flexible neck you can clean out items that would normally be a challenge to clean by hand.
3893	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I ordered a 12, 14 and 16" spoon.  They are well made and very nice, but BIG.  One more size up, and I could use it as a paddle.  Makes our home cookware look like toys (Cuisinart Pro).
7720	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good basic for Algebra 2.  The fancier graphing calculators aren't allowed in my college algebra 2 class so this is a basic.  Works fine. Turns itself off when needed.  Came with batteries.
- Back cover pocket.  Great for little things that fall out when tucked between pages.  I've got a few business cards and a $20 bill.
1839	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Love these folders, hold everything I need it too. Awesome colors, not the traditional manila folders.
One caveat: the calculator is in RPN, Reverse Polish Notation, not the more familiar algebraic notation. RPN is logical and easy to use once you practice, but it can be a bit tricky to discard algebraic habits. There is a learning curve with this calculator.
1809	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Folders are bright, colorful, and definitely lift some of the gloom that sets in at the office. They do their job and keep papers together. They don't seem have to much holding capacity (meaning you can't stuff them full), but I love them!
8218	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I send a lot of greeting cards for all occasions and this is just perfect. The cards that are included fit the cards just perfect and they are so wonderful to be able to print your own words to your freinds and family
An advantage of having a spare BA2+N set on hand is that users could free themselves from the trouble of carrying a philips screwdriver and replacement lithium batteries to important assignments or to the examination centre.
- It's beautiful
6807	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great pen, great shine. Ink cartridges last quite a while, though they are a tad expensive compared to bottled ink of a fountain pen.
1704	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pastis rocks. If you like Pearls, get this. If you do not know about Pearls, get this.
3489	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Nice desk calendar.  Attractive artwork
I like the Moleskines and have used the large and pocket sizes for years. For field work, the "reporter" style is far better than the book style, and Ive learned over the years that any notebook you can carry in your pocket is more convenient than toting a clipboard around.
3013	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I think this will be very appropriate for certain situations.
Chins for this product :
8689	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The mouse pad itself, is great.  The wrist rest portion is already pre-indented and is extra firm.  Overall, great product, though I wish, at times, the wrist rest was a bit more gel-like.
1865	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	cute
I would definitely recommend and buy again!!
6369	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice markers. No bleed. I especially enjoy the oen and ruler that came with it.

3115	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious! Product as described. Gifted and recipient loved it. She'd never seen it before and it was a hit.
The design of the pencil is great.  It is very comfortable to use and had a slight weight to it that makes it feel like a quality product.
2721	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great gift

I'm very happy with the variety and quality of the stencils in this set.


9692	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	Busted open the second day.  Too much weight on it or a crappy product?  Maybe just a flawed item in the mass distribution?  Whatever the reason, it busted open (cool to see the gel stuff though :)  Won't buy ever again, though.
2026	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
8052	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	VERY GOOD CARD STOCK, BRIGHT AND SMOOTH.
1713	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Fun day to day calendar. Every day except the weekends has a new fun comic.
This is one of the BEST watercolor pads I have have ever owned. It is small, which is perfect for me to keep in my white lab coat while at work and allows me to draw and sketch on the fly. I use archival/fineliner pigment pens with watercolor pencils over it. The paper is slighlty rough and tends to wear away the nib slightly faster than regular sketch paper but the beautiful and stark contrast is worth the extra cost of buying more pens.
1038	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for gift Easter baskets and they were a big hit.  No issues.
7725	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I've had an HP 12C ever since they were first available, roughly twenty years ago.  I'm just in the process of buying another one, as my original one is finally and completely dead.
Why do I recommend this calculator?
9873	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Label for DYMO Label Maker.
1209	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	would get again
9910	Office_Products_5	NEG	1.0	What a waste of money! Do not buy because these don't stick and they fall off a day later. Not worth your money!
6231	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great little pocket sketchbook/watercolor book. Fits in my small purse with wallet, phone, a small travel tin of paints, a pen, and a waterbrush.
9353	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This pad with a perfectly configured wrist rest is very comfortable.
You really can't go wrong with these.  A great product at a great price... get them!  You won't be disappointed!
UPDATE: using for over six years now. Still wonderful. Just wash with dawn soap and let dry and you are good to go.

4302	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My second grader wanted to get started with cursive, so I got him this book. I have used this book for four of my boys now, and it seems to really work for them. It is a little more expensive than I would like to spend, but it ends up being worth it.
I'm tempted to buy them all!

8585	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This is a great calculator. It does everything I thought it would do and more. I wish I would have purchased this a long time ago when school first started. I am very pleased. I have tried others and this one is more user friendly.
I found a few good tutorial sites and got pretty quick (I still don't love calculators though).
5590	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I got this when I started bullet journaling because I was told it was great, and it seriously is. I've gone through multiples of them!
805	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great!
6787	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ive been an avid Cross pen user for over 30 years.  I have 5 different Cross pens that I use and keep a few on hand to use for gifts.  The Lacquer/Rhodium Blue Century II Pen looked so great that I added it to my collection.
-Solid construction
8177	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	as expected
3482	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Love these. Can use almost any size glass/cup with them.
5289	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great quality journal!
388	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I love geography and like to have a map handy to look up places around the world. This is a nice big map, fits well on my office wall  and it is colorful and well laid out. I use pins to point out a few locations I have traveled to and  also to highlight areas of interest (for example far flung regions that suddenly because headline news for one reason or another that nobody seems to have heard on)
I bought the map for a mid-scale test of a much larger (planned) fiber-optic travel map, only I'm using it with regular map pins to save money. I found the best backing board to use was a foam board with a thin layer of cork on one side; it attached relatively easily with spray adhesive (although I braced it with 2 pieces of cheap wall moulding cut to length). As you can see from the closeup, it stands up well to being used as a pincushion. However, if you look closely at the full-map photo where the finished project is hanging on the wall, you can see from the way the light reflects off the plastic that even with lots of spray adhesive & heavy books holding it flat on the floor for several hours after glueing, there are still several large wrinkles that simply would NOT come out "no matter what" that are the result of the map constantly trying to re-roll itself. Since this photo was taken, I've also had to tape down the edges all around because it was beginning to peel itself away from the backing.
2626	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I'm very indecisive and this actually helps me decide on many things. I originally bought for fun but I now use a page or two a day.
- Birds
2428	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Nice little address book for the price.
8455	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat it for the price. It does almost everything. It even earned me a "A" in Algebra. Wait, I did that. Very sturdy also.
I have used this small cooker almost daily since its purchase and I don't know how I managed to cook for so long without it.  The smaller size is fabulous for vegetables and smaller meals.
The paper is super smooth, and the spine lies totally flat when open - huge plus for lefties like me for whom the spiral bind always gets in the way.  I have been using it to jot down lists and reminders, but I could see it being perfect as a journal too.  I am a big fan of the paperless lifestyle, but I still find it hard to get away from the satisfaction of physically writing and crossing things off, so this is a nice bridge between the two.
8481	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my math class as it was required but I really like the colour, and the screen is bright and clear. Some of the buttons confuse me but that's only because I've never used them before, but it's very versatile and I think it will be especially useful for my Math 60 and 65 courses without having to buy another calculator for a long time. Texas Instruments has been around a long time so they're a brand to trust.
3719	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Pricey but more substantial than others.  Does the job.
6078	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love this notebook because it allows me to take notes anywhere and with relative ease.

It is impractical and difficult to use a planner that requires you to fill in every day/date, copy tasks and goals over and over again (this reminds me of the Franklin-Covey system, a bit). And then start all over again in three months!  It may be the breakthrough that some users need, but to me it was a tedious use of time; more restrictive than freeing.

Overall, I highly recommend this journal if you travel often. It's absolutely worth it.
4901	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I just finished writing a review about the Rhodia Webnotebook claiming my new found love for it. I also compared it with the traditional Moleskine Large notebook, finally coming to the conclusion that I love them both equally. However, when looking at this style of notebook no other company can even come close to competing for my love. The reasons I find the large ruled Volant so awesome are numerous but a few stand out above the rest. First and foremost the size is perfect for almost any application due to the slim, light, and durable design. And because each of the 96 pages has 32 lines to write on (I believe college ruled if not very similar) it holds a great amount of information without being to large where I would need to write stuff that isn't necessary just to fill the page. The color of paper is a soft ivory and very easy on the eyes, and the last 16 pages are perforated for easy and clean removal. Moleskine does such a great job with their binding process that I have never lost a page due to falling out of the notebook in over 8 years of using their products. My favorite feature is the various colors the Volant is available in and each pack comes with two shades of the advertised color. This recent addition of grey to the multitude of other colors is a warm welcome. Having so many colors of the same notebook makes for easy filing. One more reason to love the Moleskine Large Volant.
5743	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I love these Moleskin books!  They cost a bit more but they are so flexible and can be used for almost anything because they are not "address book" formatted.  They are alphabet divided and lined but not labelled for entries.  I use mine to keep track of my crystal and mineral collection.  They could be used for almost any list you need to organize.  There is a smaller size available as well that easily fits in a pocket or purse.  I also love the elastic band to keep it closed and the attached bookmark.  Classic construction.
6839	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good price, good pen, feels great when using

2648	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gag gift and it was very well received. It's cute and funny and the "Shalom Out" checkbox at the bottom is a particularly clever touch.
9156	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Basic padded mouse pad gets the job done
As an ardent fan of HP12C and line of financial business & scientific calculators, I am of the view that the day when HP discontinue the HP12C would be the day it exit this business segment. I speculate this would happen when the HP brandname disappears from the 12C just like after IBM name had disappeared from ThinkPads and ThinkCentres.
4055	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my elderly neighbor.  Looks lovely at her house.  Very well made.



If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do.
2073	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I like these notebooks very much. They are much more stylish than the typical notebooks and easy to tell apart from each other. They also have humorous writing on the inside covers. However, as other reviewers have noted, they don't stand up to much abuse. I used some super glue to lay the binding tape back down when it started to peel, and so far I haven't had any more issues. Note: I most noted the damage occurring when I left a pen/pencil inside. Earlier in the quarter, when I was less hectic, and putting all my writing utensils away consistently, they didn't show any wear at all. So, if you love the design, they work. Just have some super glue, and put away your pencils.
However, reading through the series (6 books, each 32 pages), I think I understand the approach. Each book takes a different facet, even a different point of view, of early California.  Also, the writing is very age appropriate and easy to read. (California history is the fourth grade curriculum in California). Every page is colored, and every page has a lot of illustrations, usually drawings but also some photographs. It is very visually compelling and would attract most kids.
2589	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK!

Anyway, these books are exactly as advertised, and if those leather Moleskine covers ever come back, they make a perfect accompaniment.
523	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I have an extremely detailed schedule and this would be perfect if it had about four more slots for more time cards. Since it doesn't, hence the 4 stars and not five.
4166	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted, and it's easy for the students to read.

2) Does Eventually Show Wear-and-Tear - I'm very rough on my pocket notebooks, which in normal circumstances, results in them being nearly destroyed after only 2 weeks of use. These notebooks certainly last longer than 2 weeks, since they are so well constructed, but after 4 weeks of throwing it in and out of countless pockets, my messenger bag, my glovebox, desk drawers, and my night stand... it does show obvious signs of use. It's to be expected, since nothing looks like new after several weeks of heavy use. I should note that unlike other notebooks, which when wear and tear start to show also are beginning to fall apart, these notebooks show wear and tear, but remain just as well put together as the day I bought them. They look weathered, but definitely aren't falling apart.
This pad puts the thought process on paper. Is this really important? Will this cause a major crisis elsewhere? This really clears the air in a humored way to make the decision process easier. We are using this as a family to help those who freeze at making decisions. I am thrilled with how much easier it is for those who just look at me with the "deer in the headlights" type of look when asked a simple question that requires a decision. We're moving forward! Thanks, Knock Knock for making this fun, funny and simplifying the thought process.
8616	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	It feels comfortable.
E.g. if tax rate is 8.33% you will press:
4958	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!  However, the pages are a bit thin...
1437	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Comprehensive.  Could be improved with some additional information such as calculator and/or spreadsheet commands.
4010	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I use this brush all the time. It's flexible, doesn't lose bristles like the nylon brushes and is basically indestructible--impervious to heat and shows no signs of decay or deterioration even after touching a hot grill or multiple cycles through the dishwasher. I've had no odor issues unlike another reviewer (maybe she's not washing thoroughly enough?). In any event, I'm very happy with mine and would buy more if I could find them.
6821	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This fountain pen is the best pen I have ever used!  Of all the fountain pens on the market, Cross has outdone themselves on this one!  It writes smoothly, doesn't glop up, feels good in your hand.  It was well worth the money and ink refills are easy to get here at Amazon .<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cross-Century-II-Lustrous-Chrome-Fountain-Pen-with-Stainless-Steel-Nib-Medium-3509-MS/dp/B000EWLSG4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cross Century II Lustrous Chrome Fountain Pen with Stainless Steel Nib - Medium (3509-MS)</a>

7027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	My son interacts fantastically with this product. Magnet interface holds well. Good colors on the poster.
1815	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Ordered these to hang a pocket organizer over a closet door, works just fine.  Not great looking, but functional.
4956	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	You can never go wrong with Moleskine. Never.
2968	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	awesome
6941	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	excelent



Definitely not disappointing .... a beautiful non-leather little journal that should last years and years.
Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase and should have done it much sooner.
Despite that, I love the Squared line and I used this set to make a monthly/weekly planner for myself and will use the other 2 for conceptualizing sewing patterns with pencils. I won't order these again since I can just use quad filler paper for my sketches in the future, but I love the size.
1492	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are very cute! My sister in law bought a couple and it worked very well. They are easy to clean and looks great!
8617	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Replacing a 15 year old or more of the same brand/style mousepad with wrist wrest.
Now the good folks at Moleskine have made record keeping a whole lot cooler, and much more likely to be done correctly.  The Color a Month Daily Planner Box Set has a dozen of the little notebooks, all color coded, in a black cardboard folder with an elastic for security. The colors are quite brilliant, and the notebooks won't get lost in a messy glove compartment (where they are perfect for writing down mileage, gas consumption or other car related info.), bookbag (perfect for writing down homework assignments) or purse (keep track of every dime you spend in a month.  You will choke when you see all that money down the drain - I know I did!)
528	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Good product
3987	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	good product.
7487	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Great additional to our algebra
9757	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works just like the one I loaned and never got back. Good price
9751	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I much prefer buying/using rolls of old-style thermal paper for this fax than reams of paper and, worst of all, overpriced ink cartridges for the newer kinds of fax machines.
2794	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Pages are thick and it helps me control my cleaning so I don't over do it or forget something I planned to clean that day


If the link for the system doesn't appear, please contact me and I'll be glad to share it with you.
The paper in these notebooks is thin; prone to severe feathering, show through, and bleed through; and does not provide for much in the way of ink shading.
My biggest gripe, however, is this: I searched "US Road Map" to find this map.  I need a map to hang on the wall and trace routes with pins and strings.  The roads on this map are extremely faint... almost the same color as the background.  Seriously.  You can BARELY see the roads.
1663	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	Great! smaller than expected!
8092	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Thank you.  My 11 year old loves it for school.  Good color choices and great deal.
6737	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this Action Day calendar for several years.  While I find no calendar perfect, this one is excellent.  Normally, I would give it five stars.  But, the cover material has changed, and I don't care for it.  I think the cover might be more water resistant now, but it is harder to open/close the calendar.  The cover gets caught on the wire binding, and I have to fiddle with it a bit.
3160	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
8249	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	These are nice sturdy cards and envelopes that print up very nice and crisp. They are not photo cards but a slightly shiny card stock, they fold so easily on the fold mark, fit the envelopes nicely and no extra postage required. I used microsoft digital image suite to make my cards and it works perfectly with these, I used pictures of my pets to make Christmas cards and they turned out rather nice. These are not fancy cards but are nice enough to send out to others.
5258	Office_Products_5	POS	4.0	The top and bottom back corners tear apart after a few months of use, would love to have them strengthened.
Will update this if something comes up.
5027	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	I have searched far and wide for small, portable grid paper journals for my minimalist husband that are somewhat understated but still look professional and masculine. These Moleskine ones are probably the only ones like that on the entire planet. (Trust me, I've spent the last year and a half looking!)
2217	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	This should be the best selling bookmark of all time. Beautiful wolf photo. Top quality. Thank you.
174	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	Got it as a gift and she loved it!

5199	Office_Products_5	POS	5.0	OK
The paper is smoother than the plain version (those seem to have changed the paper, and i'm not a big fan, or maybe it was just a bad batch?). I have always used a combination of bullet points, arrows, mental maps, etc for my notes but now I write in a more organized and compact way, thus wasting less space on the page.


