

9428	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very durable! Worth it!

Overall, this charger from Aukey is a truly powerful charger available at a budget charger price. It's great for anyone that needs to keep a spare in your bag for any random occasion. Just two days ago, I found the charger extremely useful in a rental car I had that did not have any USB charging ports. That made this product a true life saver.  I love that it has universal ports and offers up 2.4A on each port.
160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for cleaning up after the dogs. I may have to buy another one for the garden. Very solid better than I expected.
1757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These large Lambchop's are ADORABLE!! The quality is so so at best.  The price is right on for the lack of quality.
5986	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The cover rotates, not the dish - so the unit needs to be placed so your dog can reach it from all sides. This doesn't work in my kitchen, I feed my dog at the end. It is also somewhat small. I have a small yorkie who eats 1/4 cup of small kibble. This unit would work for that quantify, if you have a bigger dog I don't think it would work. I'm returning it. It seems sturdy, so if the design works for you I would highly recommend it.
5194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my german shepherd loves this.
So, I'm done. We've been Wellness customers for probably 6+ years, but I'm now looking for another wet food. No more wasting my money on this product!
6947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 3 cats love Max Cat products - both the dry and wet food. They like the Salmon as well as the Roast Chicken dry food,

3434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two under nine pound inside kitties...no scratching...no fleas! Need I say more? Have used Advantage since they were kittens and now the oldest is almost seven and the youngest close to two. It's a great product!
8943	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Cat hated it. Would not eat even a bit. Should be called Min Cat, because they will only eat the minimum, if any.
6538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats love this thing and they scratch things they aren't supposed to scratch a lot less often since this has arrived. One of them isn't even crazy about cat nip so it's not the bribe that causes him to use it. The only trouble is that it sheds cardboard bits all over the place but they are easily vacuumed up.
The food is just the right amount of moisture and when opening the can there's no pungent "dog food" smell... it also keeps well in the refrigerator with a can topper! My puppy also loves the texture, which is something I noticed as well. When mixed up a little it's more like a pat&eacute; than a regular dog food! She likes it plain, mixed in her Wellness Large Breed Puppy dry food and for the summer she'll be having it frozen in her Kong.
9059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for a senior cat who's having trouble getting in and out of a high sided box
898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Touchable softness, loveable features, and quality construction make the 13 inch Jellycat Dylan Dragon a charmer.  This raspberry-red darling  the color shown in the description is quite accurate  gives Grandma one more reason to continue purchasing Jellycat stuffed animals for her little darlings to cuddle as their lovies.
6512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 5 cats  and they love  this cat food. UPS delivered it very FAST. THANKS AGAIN!!!! 
9566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love buying my dog food online.
4949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So much fun to work my 65 lb pittie with. He loves the Chuckit so much!
Every time I use it I come home to an empty dish and a happy cat, so I will continue to use it with complete confidence.
I started buying canned wet food online since it's now cheaper to do so than buy it at a store. I'm looking at you, Pet Value.
4956	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the launcher is great.
2288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Yorkshire Terrier adores this plush toy! The first toy lasted a long time, held up to multiple machine washings, and survived surgery many times (SO had to sew it up), but we never expected it to last forever. We are on our second one of these lamb chop toys and we've ordered an additional for gifting.
1767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	never have enough lambchops
6763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Little poodle likes this
1283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 cats..one is finicky and will not eat treats or canned food. BUT, these Salmon cat treats..he goes absolutely nuts over. He LOVES LOVES LOVES this treat. I just wish they sold them in a much bigger size. Oh, the other 3 love these too.
3292	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have fleas! Or, at least, they had fleas. I have used over-the-counter, less expensive items (flea powders, flea collars, etc.) up to and including other topical products like this one, and nothing worked. The flea collars were less than worthless - they actually caused patches of fur to fall out on at least one cat. The powder was unwieldy, and the other topical applications (save one) did not work at all.
NOTE:  This would not be a good food choice for dogs with allergies however, as it does include eggs, wheat and corn, so itchy skin and gluten intolerance issues may be made worse if this is consumed.  **List of ingredients is in the Amazon product description.**
5010	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The longer launcher takes less effort to throw and is more accurate when using it inside. I use the medium launcher for the small Chuckit balls and it also fits racket balls loosely. The balls just come out of the launcher a lot easier and more accurately using the smaller balls. Especially when throwing the balls around in the house.

8942	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat doesn't like it.
3636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for Los Angeles. No more plastic bags available at stores.

4393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy, especially my smallest!  It turns out she is the fastest when it comes to ball retrieving.  She is a riot - totally obsessed!  This toy makes it possible for me to throw the ball further and for a longer period of time.  I wish I had bought it sooner!
1712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh my gosh how cute!  We have had the best time with the dog - she LOVES it!


772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog liked it
576	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cockatoo, Harley, loved this toy, and it took him more then a day to destroy it too !!!! Great price too !!!
2226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this about 3 weeks ago.  My two Westies love it.  My youngest dog can be toy destructive, but she is taking care of this one.  It has even withstood them fighting over it.  They were so happy to get it that now it is a regular bed partner.
5377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a cool tool!

1013	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My big Maine Coon cat Sean Coonery loves this food!  If you want a healthy and happy cat, I highly recommend this food.  My cat also made a video review and the video review can be found here [...].  I order this food exclusively from Amazon because of the free shipping!
I decided to bite the bullet and shell out $(...) for what looked like a solution to both her more frequent pees and my aching back.  Unfortunately, the product did not work.  It would rake the premium clumpable litter but could not get the ball of pee into the receptacle before getting jammed and backing off and attempting once again only to fail and return to its original position with the error light blinking.
8023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love food.
What I think this toy is good for?  Throwing and playing fetch.  That's about it.  My dog would beg to differ though.  What SHE thinks this toy is best for is destroying.  I do have to say that she loves this toy.  She loves just settling down on her dog bed and slowly destroying the rope first and then each of the tennis balls.
2769	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality little toy. Stands up to tough play.
My dog has a long list of allergies and this is one of the few snacks that he can enjoy. I have been purchasing this product for several years and my dog really enjoys it. Recently, the price of the sweet potato and venison treats has been only $3.29. It is a great price and the treats are easy for my dog to digest. Ive been pretty happy and purchased dozens of this product. However, I recently started to notice the treats are not as soft and crispy like they used to be. The last three bags I purchased (for which Im writing this review) have contained rock hard treats. They are so hard that Im afraid my dog will break a tooth. So each time I open a bag, I take a mortar and pestle and I pulverize the treats into safe, bite size pieces. My dog can easily chew these pieces so that makes me happy. What does not make me happy is this: about 15 percent of the treats turn into a fine powder after bashing them. So theres a bunch of brown powder that is reminiscent of the sugary powdered stuff left at the bottom of my kids favorite cereal bags. I usually just pour a bit of the treat powder over her regular food, which is like a tasty topping for her. I am hoping that Natural Balance listens to this review. My dog cannot eat normal treats, so I rely on this product to keep my dog satisfied. If the quality of the treats does not improve, I might simply turn to cooking all of her treats myself.
8433	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Its durable, that's for sure, but my dog quickly lost interest in it.
The tiny sport launcher (Sport 12M) is the best, because you can still throw the ball really far, but you can also slam the ball down a few feet away from yourself so it bounces up in the air and your dog has to jump to catch it, or you can throw it up really high so it bounces 15' away or so and your dog can jump to catch it. We sometimes have to play fetch in a pretty small area, so it's nice to have the small launcher for these games. The larger launchers aren't as fun in small areas. You can play the same games but it's trickier to throw the ball correctly.
2971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is nuts about Teddy.  It's the only toy she will play with.  We have teddy's everywhere and spares hiding when washing is necessary.  My dog squeaks this toy and rolls around with it.  Just a joy for her.
8180	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This one didn't pass muster.  After fighting over possession for half a day, that was the end of it, and I have chewers!  Even being a cool dinosaur did not save this Nylabone -- it lives a very sad and lonely life in the toy basket now.
8634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs wait by the cupboard EVERY evening until I "fetch" their treat.  Andy has food allergies - he can eat this combination of bixon with no problems.
2639	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know what I received but is definitely NOT what is in the picture above. Very disappointed. This looks like a scam where someone is buying KONG replacement squeaker and adding these aliens bears like to the bags! This should not be on Amazon

1302	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Because of the price, I debated on whether to try this for quite some time. One of my pet-sitting clients had one and it seemed to work great for her one older cat. I bought one when I had 2 cats and it proceeded to throw the poop across the room each time it raked across to clean it! It's really loud, too, and I could hear it in another room across the hall with the door closed. My cats went nuts and had to run in to check it out each time it came on, causing the timer to reset again if they got inside of it and the sensor saw them. I returned it when repeated cleanings didn't help the "throwing" (I thought it was just jammed with litter). After I got a 3rd cat and scooping became a huge chore, I decided to give it another try and purchased another one. It worked great (besides the still-present noise) for a couple of weeks, then it started acting jerky and getting jammed about every other raking. I tried varying amounts of litter to try to fix the problem but it would just keep raking and raking and raking until it finally stopped and "stalled" until it could be reset. Of course my cats really went bezerk when it continued to rake over and over for about 10 minutes. Anyway, use caution because it seems to work ok for some people but myself as well as a few others seem to have had some real problems with it. Luckily no one has seemed to have a problem returning or exchanging when they get fed up.
3487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use 3 or 4 a day and the work perfectly.
6678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been feeding Wellness canned Turkey & Seeetpotato to my Cavalier Spaniels for years, as recommended by our vet, and they love it! They have healthy coats & tummies too.
7240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
3748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With three dogs going on a walk takes alot of planning.  three leashes and yes alot of poop bags.  With these bags, you can use your hand inside two layers of plasic, pick up the mess, and just fold the long white part over with plenty of lenth to tie a knot.  The plastic also feels heaver that most of the other bags, maybe 3 times as heavy as a grocery bag.  And since we care about the enviorment, being biodegradable is important.  We first encounted them at a dog park and if they were good enough for them, they were good enough for us :-)
7260	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a gift for the animal shelter. The cats like this food, and there is a lot of food in the Pate cans, so it can feed several cats. The animal shelter also likes this food. This is their recommended brand/flavor. When people offer donations, this is the one they ask for. I have 4 cats, and they all love this food as well. As long as Amazon keeps selling this product, I will be sending a case of it to the local animal shelter on the 1st of every month. The local shelter is a no-kill shelter so they need a lot of food that the cats will actually eat.

I am potty training my dogs so keeping them on a leash close to me in the house is really helpful. The waist belt is very comfortable and adjustable and I like that the leash detaches from the belt as well. The included waste bags are helpful to have on hand as well.
7200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well the cat's seem to love it, which is the important thing.  A nice bonus is that I've noticed that their bowel movements seem more solid and certainly less smelly.  The whole house use to run for cover when we saw them heading for the litter box, not now we don't even notice when they "do their thing".  Also, my kitties are long haired and typically shed like crazy.  I switched to Max Cat about 2 months ago and I've noticed a significant difference in their coats, so this cat food has to be doing something right.  Their hair is much softer, shinier, and does not seem to tangle as easily...but the biggest improvement is that they are shedding less.  My black clothing and vacuum would like to express gratitude to makers of Max Cat.
137	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are awesome and help me when I travel. I travel a lot for work and I'm always looking for ways to pack better and more efficiently. These are really lightweight and don't add any weight to the luggage. They're drawstring and stay closed. There are ; different sizes in a set and I use them for different things - clean clothes, dirty clothes, socks, etc.
8916	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	THANK GOD I BOUGHT THESE, THE GIRLS LOVE THEM
7661	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Meh. It was what my little one came to me eating so I had to wean him off of it. I don't like the chemicals & preservatives they put in this food.
7638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats fav
7647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a malnurished puppy we adopted.  He loves it!!!!  He eats the whole can!!  He quickly gained the weight he needed to gain to be "healthy weight" with this food.  I will definitely buy again.

8219	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not sure why my cats don't like this brand when it got the best reviews.
5724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I own so many of these mugs. Keeps my coffee hot all day and I can just throw it in my bag. Never leaks!


I do HIGHLY RECOMMEND these!
8032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very, very durable. I highly recommend this for strong chewers! The shape of them is adorable!

5242	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good to throw Chuckit! ball so dog can go after long distance.  Sometimes ball sticks in launcher and doesn't come out when I use it...maybe my arm is weak.
This particular flavor my especially likes a lot.
7606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food!
2643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Replacement for a bear that got tossed into the toilet by the "other" dog.  Owner is very happy to have his bear back!
for temporary use its perfect with the downside of it does nothing for the smells.
8692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price for a large volume
3494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love em.  Best product for dog waste.
1993	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	So cute but it took less than an hour for my 20-lb maltipoo to tear open this toy and pull out all of the stuffing!!!
3046	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I love running with my dog but I wished I didn't have to hold a leash. I tried this system but the leash did not easily rotate around the belt so if my dog crossed sides I still had to fiddle with it.  And, although he is usually very good about running close to me, there are those times he sees something he wants to chase and he can't help himself and lunges.  This happened once while using this contraption and he jerked me right off my feet, luckily I wasn't hurt badly. He is a strong 75lb dog so I should have known better.
4353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product and fabulous price! Great to save you from bending repeatedly to pick up a slimy tennis ball. Saves your hand from the slime as well :) The ball goes 3x as far with this than my kids or I can throw it so that's a plus when you have a super energetic hound to tire out!
5409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought some of these to use with the larger ball and the shelter dogs love to chase balls!!  These make it a lot easier to play for extended periods of time without getting a sore arm.  Also, they are long which makes retrieving a ball from the ground much easier.
5655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My ball-crazy dogs love this product because it flings balls so much farther than can be hand-tossed! And I like it because it saves my arm from getting over-tired, and it's easy to use with either arm.
4045	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These are 3 + inches, don't seem 2.5...These are pretty much the same size as regular tennis balls, which I didn't realize.  So if a regular tennis ball is too big for your dog, this isn't the ball for you.  I agree with what a few other reviewers said...if you need this size, just buy regular tennis balls for cheaper.
Very useful ball launcher, I use it almost every day.
6478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!  GOOD stuff and the price was right!

3736	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Been using these for over a year now.  Picking up poop is not the most enjoyable thing but I love the thickness of the bag and it is so easy to flip it and tie it.  To me a must have product for dog owners - can't live without these!
This is a good thing.  Also, the cats seemed to settle down from their scratching and biting at fleas within just a few minutes.  Last night was the first night in weeks that the cats have all rested peacefully.  There were no signs of flea-dirt left in their usual sleeping spaces last night.  I am very pleased indeed.
5308	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best size very easy to use. I have all three and this is my favorite
8700	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I ORIGINALLY THOUGHT THIS WAS A GREAT ITEM BUT SADLY I HAD TO TAKE THIS TOY AWAY DUE TO A CHOKING HAZZARD  FROM THE GNAWING TINY PIECES  MAY RETURN IT
1336	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is not a toy for dogs... be careful your dog may chew it into pieces and swallow it and the surgery is very expensive!!!!
105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a young maltipoo who loves toys. This is the first dog I've ever had who has liked toys this much. A little under a year ago we got him the Mr. Moose (that's what we call it) from the above collection. He loved it so much he took it to his crate at night. I even bought him a second one a few months later in case the first Mr. Moose met with foul play.

4613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my pup loves playing with this!

I was literally wearing out my shoulder throwing the ball for my high-energy dog.  The dog now wears out before I do. And I don't have to touch a slimy slobber soaked ball. Wish I would have had one years ago for my Lab.
3353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dealer had to work with me here....wanted old Advantage as first advertised in picture which I printed when I purchased it. New product makes cat sick.
4317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I needed a replacement chuckit and my favorite size is the medium-length one. My only critique is that I had a really difficult time figuring out which chuckit to purchase to get a medium length for regular sized tennis balls.
8271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my dog occupied
2197	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Ok
In the end, it's a nice calendar planner. It's not for someone who needs to put daily appointments, but fine for those who just need to mark down some calendar dates. I like my phone calendar, but it's so hard to see a whole month! I'll be keeping this with me as way to keep track of bigger projects.
483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the best purchases I've ever made. Cannot believe I've spent money and wasted time on any other flea/tick meds. Bite the bullet and buy this collar, you won't regret it.  I've seen ZERO fleas ever since the first collar I bought 2 years ago and what little ticks I do see on my beagle (who hunts and is outside/in the woods quite a bit) are dead.  Really took the worry out of flea and tick season for good!

5956	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	does the job but removing the centerpiece to change the battery is VERY difficult.
2694	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Dog chewed leg off in two  days. The squeaky beaver version lasted two years. Buy the beaver
4893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best dog to ever! It she just come the the ultra balls though.
9861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT WOULD RECOMMEND
4228	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The life cycle of these Chinese manufactured balls has over the past 5-6 years been cur in half or even more. Yesterday using my trusty Chuckit Monster Sized Thrower a light chewer broke apart each and every one of these. Just a few years ago with a 135-plus pound German Sheppard who was a heavy chewer PLUS some they would last at least several days or more apiece. I will be looking for another product to use as I cannot afford to buy 4 or 5 packages of 4-Balls each week!
Some people have had problems with the automatic mechanism jamming, etc. The trick is to not overfill the litter pan. Keep the level between the two red marks. I used a ruler and a red Sharpie to extended the "FULL" mark all the way across the pan so it was easier to tell where the "DO NOT GO ABOVE THIS LINE" was. Secondly you have to use premimum litter.
7646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We buy offline because it is cheaper than the store, and the store doesn't have the multiple flavors that we can get off line. Definitely keeps our dog from getting bored with his food.
They do not like the Mixed Grill can..  neither of my cats like it.  Have to trade friends with this one.
4548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a bit flimsy compared to the older model but works. I'm gonna buy the 12" one, it's just to long for me.

6372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have rabbits and use this exclusively. I have tried other types of litter and none works as good as this. The pellets are heavy enough that they don't end up getting tracked on the floor. And it is safe. There is no clay or perfumes which is perfect for sensitive rabbits. I would never use clay for any pet. Clay litter contains silica, which is a known carcinogen when inhaled.
5258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love it! No more dirty hands. :)
3976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love that I can throw this in a backpack and go. I have two longer ones that aren't easier totable.
2210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love all the Multipet "look who's talking" toys.  So far, the new dog does not.  But we're working on it. (She's a rescue and hasn't had toys before)
6396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These were good for my dog as she got older, used it for giving her pills and "convincing" her to eat when she was being picky. We love the wellness products, we feed the dry food as our main food and supplement with the canned food as needed

8029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I order these regularlrly...My dog loves them
9117	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great buy as opposed to Pet Smart.  A third less cost per pound to the retailer.
2151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We got this plush toy for our grand pup and she absolutely loves it! Great squeak too..
8785	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loved this food.

7410	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog didn't like this bone at all. It's not flavored or anything. It's literally just giving your animal a piece of plastic shaped like a dinosaur. How healthy for your animal does that sound? Cause it isn't at all. I don't recommend buying this product.
4971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am an elderly person with a spunky year old Lab mix. My dog loves it and so do I!
MAX CAT is manufactured by Nutro Products, Inc. of Franklin, TN. I wonder if they have a squirrel flavor for consumption by kitties living in the back woods.
29	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it
38	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping.. Love his teachings
6	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It does not contain many words that we would want our bird to incorporate into his repetoire.........description of item not extensive enough.  Shipment and transaction were handled professionally.
7924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our kittens gobble this down several times a day!  Recommend!
In the end, it's a nice calendar planner. It's not for someone who needs to put daily appointments, but fine for those who just need to mark down some calendar dates. I like my phone calendar, but it's so hard to see a whole month! I'll be keeping this with me as way to keep track of bigger projects.
7264	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	cats didn't like

It has made some improvement in her mobility, although she wasn't too bad off to begin with.  I will definitely be buying more of these when we run out.


6100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product .. feels really high quality .. just watch your fingers when you pick it up .. now I have to train my dog to use it :)
9591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food!
5658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love this product! I can exercise my dog for an hour throwing balls in the field and not wear myself out! The only complaint I have is it is a bit bulky to carry on my walk to the park, maybe a folding or collapsible model?  But other than that It has held up to cold weather ( 10 degrees) , many drops onto concrete and daily use for the past two months.  I use it with the rubberized balls, they seem to last longer and I get better distance than the "tennis" type balls.
This works!  LOVE IT!
249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kittens LOVE this stuff!  Literally it is the only one that I've tried that they don't freak out when I try to give it to them.  I don't know why, but I'm sold!
3866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love chuck it balls for my dog and he does to.
673	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it when it whistles
Fingers crossed it will last me a long while :-)
4913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	worth the money!  works great with tennis balls and chuck it balls.  I love the longer handle b/c you don't have to bend as low to pick up balls.
8549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Natural Balance LID Snacks for my puppies! Glad I can get these online because my local pet stores can't seem to keep in stock!
512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This tub was ridiculously difficult to open - we felt like idiots trying to get it open. The pup liked the treats, but it made our hands stink even after washing them. On the fence about this one.
It's very easy to take apart and clean, and I've even accidentally left it outside for a month and it still worked like a champ.

First, the ingredients.  I knocked off a half star because they said "no grains" but I felt like that was a little misleading... it still has chickpeas, split peas, alfalfa meal and potatoes in it.  So yes, it doesn't have wheat or corn... but it's still veggies/filler material.  The good news, however, is that lamb and chicken meal are the first two ingredients; so the bulk of what you are getting IS not grains.  And I do think chickpeas are better than corn and soy!  It has a large list of vitamins including Omega 6 and yeast; and also has a few herbs: rosemary, green tea and spearmint.  Overall I think the quality of the ingredients is pretty darn good!

Skip this one.
3929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is obsessed with the mini version of the chuck it balls. I do have to say, if given the choice between these or the mini chuckit balls that are just made of the rubber, I prefer the rubber, because they last longer, especially since she has a tendency to leave them outside in the weather and the fuzz can be eventually chewed off.
Love the product tho!
Overall, a good automatic dish and I like how you can choose the timing (every 6 hours, 12 hours, or 24).

7540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Its a nylabone so no surprises there.  I just really love the dinosaur shape
485	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this for our new puppy and used it for several weeks prior to writing this review.  This collar was recommended by a neighbor as an alternative to the flea combating liquid chemicals but we did not see any protection of fleas.  I ended up purchasing advantage which is what I use on my cat and it was much better.
8495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it best price you will find.
1249	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought a factory refurbished one despite the legendary dubious quality on these things. It was the BIG model and I have one little cat. It worked fine for 5 months, then it started missing 50% of the cat's visits. I took it apart and cleaned it thoroughly, again it worked fine for a month.  Then it just stopped raking at all. I called customer service, who tried to tell me that the amount of time you left the device unplugged from power made a difference in the "level of reset" it goes through. For example, unplugging it for 2-3 minutes made it do something different than unplugging it for 10+ minutes.


6225	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	WORK REALLY WELL!!
227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This collar looks really cool, It's not an overwhelmingly bright but you can definitely see it across the yard on a dark night. I particularly like blue color. And it has three options, a slow blink, a little faster blink and steadily on. I like the constant on mode personally. The clip makes it really easy to put on and take off and the leash hook up ring is heavy duty and high quality. Plus it is large enough to hook up easily.
7930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our dog loves it
4455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kokomo  LOVES the chuckit, but wishes it came with a mommy who would throw the ball more often, like non stop!
4047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are slightly larger than an average tennis ball and made to use with the Chuckit!, which I love using. I do keep this ball aside for that particular use so they have stood up well.
It is only a bit better than Old Roy from Wal-Mart or Pedigree, the cheapo corn brands

2518	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a durable and soft plush doggie toy - The dogs have a small basket full of toys, but Lambchop is one of their fav's to pick out of the box and tussle around.
9038	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Nylabone Dog Chew is precisely what was advertised.  Our German Shepherds and Scotties all love the Nylabones.and gnaw on them frequently.
3949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this tennis ball launcher! Im not a very strong armed woman and this launcher helps me through the ball even farther. One of the best purchases for my dogs!
2560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We've had this thing for years (2 anyway) and where our terrier will destroy 99% of her toys, for some reason she treats her "Mr. Bill" doll with love.  I love the ridiculous Mr. Bill yelp - ohhh, noooooo...  Some times it drives the husband batty and he'll put it on top of the fridge for a few days.  Wait.  Maybe THAT's why we still have it?
934	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased this pump several times for my outdoor fountains and they give you good height for bring a small pump. Will keep buying as needed.
In the meantime, I'll see if she eventually eat it and like it.
3454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have used this product on our dogs before as it worked wonders. This time, it doesn't seem to be working as well.
-No bottom supports (not an issue for small dogs, but for larger dogs, the fact that there are no supports and is hinged in the middle means that there is some give when the dog walks on it - this made my dog a little nervous, but not enough that it would prevent me from purchasing it).  This is more of a FYI than a con.
281	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	TINY
At first, the launcher might grip the ball a little too tightly and cause your throws to require a little more "zest" to get it to leave the little ball-holding part of the item...but once you've given it hell a few times and let the plastic fold out a little, you'll be good to go and your dog will love you and sing dog songs in your honor (probably).
4891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love chuckit and so do our puppies. Only thing that would be better would be for it to throw the balls without my help.!!!!
8505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
6847	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dogs like this
4845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As expected but for me it's too short to get the ball very far. Could be operator error.

8869	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Stopped buying after reading the ingredients. they added carrageenen. No good. Switched to tiki cat

404	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product!

4910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Greatest way for dog exercise and owners arm. Small size allows to keep in pocket.
It's great for keeping my doctors appointments and other scheduled activities!
6859	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This product produces tons of bubbles. I was just surprised at how disinterested my kitties were with the product. I really didn't expect my older cat, nearly 16, to be very interested. But I was shocked that my 1 year old cat, who chases everything, wasn't at all interested in the bubbles. I don't think that's a reflection on the product. He's just not into bubbles I guess.
They float and they also bounce great like a normal tennis ball, just bigger. Only time will tell about the durability, but these seem like the right size for large dog breeds to play fetch with in and out of the water.
9366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great quality ingredient cat food that both my cats love, even the super picky one! I also like that it doesn't have an awful smell that many of the other canned cat foods do. I've ordered several cases and do agree with other reviewers that the texture/consistency sometimes varies from case to case but we haven't had any issues with it.
The low level of litter you need to use (I use less than they say and it works better) sometimes makes the pee stick to the bottom of the pan.
1935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite toy and the best price I've found.
5508	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If I could I'd give this system another star I would. An active border collie and a 50 year old shoulder do not make for hours of fun. With a flick of her wrist our 10 year old daughter can launch a ball far enough to make it a lot of fun.  And because it also accepts a regular tennis ball we're never out of play time. (Personal note: I appreciate the fact that the manufacturer did not make a proprietary ball size. I would probably NOT buy it if they did.  Because we can use any ball I will recommend it to so many more people they'll receive a hundredfold more sales)
3455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this every year for fleas on my dogs. Better than topical. When fleas are at the worst I use it every 20 days instead of 30 days.
5475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not bad but having now had both in my hands, when this one wears out i'll be opting for the Classic 26M instead of this version. the grip on the 26 feels better to me.
3282	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Easy to use, works well for the two feral cats I care for. Put in food and they can't smell it.
4305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this fetch stick.  I don't have to pick up the slobbering balls filled with drool!  AMUS only with the Chuck it balls!  Don't just buy one....two......buy a few and keep them everywhere.
These make life with your pet that much better! I highly recommend Chuck-It brand.
5481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is sturdy and chucks really well.  Fits normal tennis balls - Now if only my dog was interested in it..
1343	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This "wiggly giggly" ball was very disappointing.  I ordered the first one that seemed to be defective, which of course amazon was quick to replace.  The second one came and was no better than the first one.  It would only make those cute little noises if I shook it like a crazy person, but as soon as I would roll it for my little dog, it went mute.  He lost interest in it pretty fast after that so it went back.  I would have kept it for just a regular ball for him but at almost $12, I thought that was a little pricey for a do nothing ball.
9768	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them.  Acts like they are crack.
1692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My goldens favorite.  They carry them all the time.
I'm VERY pleased with this charger because nowadays, whether you're taking a long trip or a short one requires multiple devices to be charged at the same time!
Seriously, there are quite a few dog foods on the market now that have picked up on the fact that people are tired of feeding their dogs chicken feathers while the companies that make it pass those chicken feathers off as "protein".
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four (smaller sizes)!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
1624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great soft treat for my pup... I do this as a save and subscribe, it works out great for me and my sweet pup!
2685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy love teddy
368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A+A+A+
5375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Labrador that insists on playing Chuckit! daily.  We are still using the first one we purchased years ago.  I bought this smaller one for my child to have a child sized version.  Works as well as the full size Chuckit.
4080	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can you honestly give these a bad review?
9394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great dog toy...good for teeth and a hit with my dog!  Looks like a barbell and holds treats...Recommended by my German Shepherd...
It does take expensive litter, but you use less. I find that emptying all the litter and starting over needs to be done about one a month. I do check the box on a daily basis. That is easy for me as it not located in an out of the way place.
5347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for playing fetch with my dog.  I don't have to bend my back to pick up the balls after my dog retrieves it.  It is the authentic quality.
1419	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for a senior Australian Cattle Dog (aka ACD aka blue heeler aka red heeler) and used one container and part of a second before starting him on a better quality dry kibble that contained most of the ingredients. He was a rescue dog of unknown age, and already had considerable arthritis in his spine, so it would likely have helped him more if he'd been getting it for a couple more years, but it certainly didn't hurt him, and I think did help some.
7126	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We've been feeding Wellness pat mixed with their Core Indoor dry food to our cats for years, first the chicken formula and now the salmon and trout. I am disappointed and completely fed up with the variations in consistency, smell, and--apparently--palatability of this product. I get a case or two that have what I'll call the normal consistency and odor and all three cats eat it well. Then, I get a case or two in a row that are "off": the texture is very firm, almost dry, and the smell is . . . well, let's just say sometimes it's a challenge to stand there and put it in the bowls. When that happens, my cats go from enthusiastically consuming 3 oz. of canned per day plus some dry to barely touching it. And, I don't go swapping it out the moment they reject it; we struggle our way through the entire, 24-can case.
389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Doing its job
6190	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is a tick magnet, have bought collars and sprays, but still gets them.  This simple spoon works great, get the entire tick out every time.
4406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product and saved my arm since my dog can fetch for quite a distance!
175	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you make dessert souffles (chocolate or jam-filled) these small heart shaped ramekins are just the thing to dress up your table. THey also hold cheese, dips or other small side dishes. The colors are very modern and interesting; if you know someone who has used deep brown and kiwi or aqua in their decor, this would make quite a housewarming gift. Or Valentine's day present.
1952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this toy is awesome, didn't last long with my jack Russell but was super hilarious when he kept saying "Oh No" as my dog ripped him to shreads lol
8887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Actually I haven't tried any myself (it does smell good) but LUCY LIKES IT!  Lucy is our 15+ year old calico who was always a finicky eater but over the last 3 months has "put herself on a diet" as my wife calls it.  She's tried to feed Lucy firmer food, softer food, meatier food, juicier food & even real baby food.  Each one got sniffed, tested & then ignored.  And what was scaring us was that she was steadily getting thinner & thinner.  Today, this product arrived & Lucy finished her whole plate!  We know it's too soon to judge the new cat food by one meal but we were really getting panicky & it looks like maybe we've found something that'll keep Lucy with us for a few more years.  If she continues to enjoy it, we're going on Subscribe & Save right away.
3614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my local park stopped using these and switched to a yellow (thinner & i;m guessing cheaper) baggy... i think you just can't have enough plastic between my hand and my dogs poo! SO i am buying these from amazon, they have a pretty good price for that clean hand confidence ;)
would recommend this leash to anyone with a large
4694	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is the best dog toy we have had this is our 3rd one! If you have a dog you need to wear out you need one of these in your arsenal!
5034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This 26L Chuckit! Launcher came w/one ball... a little bigger than a regular tennis ball. I can now 'launch' a ball quite far and it also can be used to pick up the ball with a snap upon return... great! I tried using it with a regular size tennis ball it will throw it OK but not as good. Also it doesn't really grab a hold of it to pick one as easily. We go through lots of balls so wanted to check that out. So for now I bring that ball back inside when we are done with the launcher. I must say I really needed this... before my dog would either get hit by the thrown ball (he ran faster than I could throw) or would have to come back to where it landed... hehe. We have much more fun now!
7795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this dog food and it's the first food she ate when we adopted her from the Humane Society.  Why mess with a good thing?
4682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product launches the ball FAR!
2264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this toy

53	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was curious about making home cooked food to supplement our new puppy's diet. Not exclusively, mind you, but I definitely wanted to incude some fresh food along with her (high quality) kibble.
8653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat love it
5468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great toy my chesapeake bay retriever loves me more than ever. I wish i would got one sooner its so much fun
4733	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Compact ball launcher for when you don't want to carry the big one around.  It is 12 inches so it sticks out of my fanny pack a bit, but does the job nicely.
2297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I loved lamb chops as a kid nd my dog loves carrying her around and squeaking her.
7368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome food. Like others have reviewed, my pup suffered loose stools initially. To avoid this you have to introduce it gradually. It's well worth it. After 3 months she is the picture of health. Firm stools, gorgeous black shiny and silky coat, no more dry skin or dander. She loves it!

4448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great toy, our Labrador just loves playing fetch, and this keeps us from having to touch the grunchee ball.  We have taught her to place the ball right in where it goes!
6347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. My dog damaged her ACL. After one month on this product there was no sigh of limping or discomfort! We r sold. She will get this for the rest of her life, as the vet said she will get arthritis! Hopefully this will keep it away for many years to come!
9289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Once upon a time, there was a cartoon posted on our refrigerator that depicted a cat owner standing with feline food can in hand and looking down on the pet, which was staring skeptically at the food dish. The caption read: "The words you're searching for are 'Thank you'."

9069	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our German Shepherd can tear the so called indestructible Kong in a few weeks. The first one we gave her of this large dental Kong is still in good shape after about two months. She is constantly chewing it and carrying it around. We highly recommend this product.
3354	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have used Advantage for years and appreciated how it kept fleas at bay, although I have also been uncomfortable with the idea that I am pouring poison on the back of their necks.  I have two cats and only need to use the product every 3 months or so.  I'm not certain if they changed their formula or if it's because my cat is getting frail and old (she's 18 y.o.), but the last time I used this product on her she became so severely ill that she could barely move and I thought she was going to die.  I have never seen her so sick and it was heartbreaking to witness.  After a 24 hour period she slowly recovered, thankfully.  I read some other reviews and it looks like others have had this problem and one person said her cat DID die.  I don't like not being made aware of the possibility that I could be killing them by using this product!  As I mentioned, I had been using this product for years so I don't know why the sudden difference in response.  I just wanted to alert others of the possibility that their cat could have a severe reaction -- something the manufacturer should be doing!!  Unfortunately, my cat now has fleas and I am trying all that I can to remedy the situation, but nothing works as well as these poisons.
360	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this collar for my 1 yr old 65 lb Blue Heeler from a local pet store . Put it on him at noon yesterday 4/29/2018 .. by 9 am today 4/30/2018  he was sluggish and lathargic . Not playing ball or with his other fur brothers . Not himself at all .. only thing that had changed and new is this damn collar . Took it off him immediatly and 8 hours later he is back to his normal self
6201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a truly great tool and I'm now ordering two more -- one more as backup for the dogs, one for us.  We live in a tick intense area.  I've tried everything, including extremely fine tweezers, with some success, but ONLY this small spoon remover gets the whole tick, every time, mostly with no visible after effect (that depends on how embedded the tick has gotten -- regardless, the tool removes the WHOLE tick).
8568	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The package came as advertised.  Same quality as always.

I have no complaints for the quality, but I might suggest that you order it with other stuff. They stuck mine in a bubble mailer and it arrived somewhat crushed being stuffed into my mailbox.
6387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love that my cat leaves less mess with this but I guess because it's heavier she got lazy and stopped covering her stuff up so it's stinky but that's not the litters fault
6663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats (and son) really love this. There must be catnip on it also because the cats love to rub all over it.
5204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I felt like superman pitching the ball most of the way across a soccer field for my puppy last week.  Unfortunately, I learned he doesn't fully understand the fetch thing with tennis balls so I ended up walking to get it.  It is awesome though and picks up easily if you tap a slobbery ball.  Works with any other tennis ball, too.
8543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Does the job.
7301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	strays love the food.  thanks.
1404	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	okay
Her coat is nicer than it's been in many many years, and no problems with hairballs. Also she hasn't been running outside to eat grass like she used to!
87	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought it for my daughter who is a fitness instructor. (She used other brands before and was unhappy).
692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these hoof nippers and they work well.
4771	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price and what dog would not love play time with this launcher :)
4680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect, my pups love it
2218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pet Lamb Chop Dog toy,
7364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness Canned Dog Food is probably the only dog food my small dogs would eat without any problem. I mix some of this food with the Wellness Dry Food and they love it. Good wholesome food for mans best friends...My Pomeranian, Papillons and Yorkies are happy to agree!
My cats steal one another's food. Heh, seriously, I do not have a con unless it would be that I wish there was another flavor or two in the mix. But this is a great mix of flavors.
1902	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Pug chewed his mouth off within a day and broke his voicebox within 5 days.  Wish he had lasted longer.
1128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product, i line mine with plastic bags and use for several months.
140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Over-sized mug, never sweats.  Highly recomment!
4057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size balls for my dog, she loves them
8054	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It is made sortof like people stew in that it is not all mixed up into one flavor. You can see small pcs of carrot, peas, etc. These are not what a dog would be drawn to in the wild - Therefore they do not like this stew.  It would take time to train them to eat it, but my puppies would not go near it  Such a waste of money, not to mention time and stress to  replace it!

6235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 2 year old dog is very picky and she has been through many types of food- some that cost even more than this, but she gets sick of each food without weeks.
CAUTION:  If this is your first chuckit be careful when learning to use it....  I've seen them fly all over the place and they could take out windows or smack your dog in the head, etc.  Supervise your kids until they get familiar with the motion needed to propel the ball.  It just isn't the motion you would expect so it takes practice.
  4. Placed her in the box when we caught her going.
8342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am not a dog, so I can't vouch for the taste, but my dog loves it.  My local source for this dried up, so this is the way I have to buy it now.
5136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	neat product
9193	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats seem to enjoy it, the dog loves it
7745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat has been eating this wet canned cat food for many years and we have never had any issues. Sometimes we switch to sliced or minced but we always stick with Wellness. Love that it is grain free.
8952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Everything was fine. Thank you! =)
The Chuck-It helps you throw much farther that humanly possible with minimal effort. Just a simple overhand swing sends the ball flying. The version we have accepts any standard size tennis ball which is great in case you lose the included ball.
1460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty nice planner, however I wish it were more durable. If you are hard on a planner, this may be a bit too flimsy for you.
5531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	At first it's a little tricky to throw properly, but then maybe I'm a little spazzy. My 4.5lb Yorkie loves to play fetch. The further the ball flies the more she likes it. If she's happy, I'm happy. Overall I like the product.
I transitioned her into her new food over a couple of days by slowly and increasingly replacing her old kibbles with the new ones. She doesn't seem to have a digestive problem with the new food. So far so good. This food claims to have a lower glycemic content but I haven't noticed anything different in my dog. So I'm not sure how it works out benefit wise.
792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats..What we do not do for them....sheesh....:)

The first two rows of ingredients are all just wonderful, which means the greater part of this cat food is excellent.  The meats are listed first and are whole meats, not byproducts or meals.  Excellent!  Also, this includes the most expensive, highest quality iron: iron proteinate.
7484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I rescued a 6 month old German Shepard mix puppy that weighed 24 pounds in July. Started feeding her this and the Wellness dry food and she has grown to 45 pounds and is a very happy puppy! She loves it and gladly has eaten it since day 1!
9537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellant
7536	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Be aware this new formula is NOT at all the same.

I can't say enough how much I love and appreciate what this supplement does for my dog. I am convinced her high activity level is what's keeping her so "young" and healthy at 12 years of age! Without this supplement she would be essentially home-bound and not able to lead the wonderful lifestyle we both love so very much.

Correct product, correct packaging and arrived as expected.  I use it as the crunchies in my homemade dog food for my elderly and incredibly spoiled pug.
8891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My koi love it
1489	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog loves these but price was way WRONG!!
773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog enjoys these. Sometimes I crumble a small amount on his food as a special treat.
1879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	One of my mini schnauzers love this toy! He enjoys the squeaking sound a lot! He always steals it from his older brother! Plus, its a pretty strong toy! So far it's still intact!
They're definitely worth the money. Once you use them, you'll stick with them!
3841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a stand-up carpet cleaner that I use about once a month.  I always buy the Silver BISSELL&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-Professional-Pet-Urine-Eliminator-67A5-48-oz/dp/B005HW1XS4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL Professional Pet Urine Eliminator, 67A5, 48 oz.</a>Pet stain carpet cleaner.  I've found this works much better than the redish color one and it smells AMAZING!  Anyways, I've been using the Oxy and BISSELL pre-treatment for the carpet, but it does not smell very nice.  Plus, I always have the worry that the Oxy is reacting to my slightly tinted colored carpet.  I decided to give this new pre-treatment a try since it is related specifically to pets.
8221	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great cat food.  Our very, very finicky kitty thinks it is wonderful and very delicious.  What I love about it is that it is made from human-grade meat and made in the USA. I recommend this cat food highly- since it gets 5 stars from our kitty:)
4993	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is exactlly I espect
9610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Seems to be ok.  My dogs aren't really interested in this toy.
I already had a Tenergy battery charger that accommodates almost all sizes, including 9V, so I just bought two rechargeable 9V batteries. Those seem to be working just fine and that will resolve the constant expense/landfill issue.
spent hours chewing on the squeaker itself,  if I had let him have his way.
Cleaned again, sprayed again (rinse and repeat)
7817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased a couple of these and they hold up well with my two VERY aggressive chewers.
4574	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love the Chuckit! We purchased the Medium sized one to use with our puppy in the field. We like the medium one because we can use most normal sized balls with it which is fantastic. Our puppy is always loosing or trading balls with other dogs so it is very useful to be inter changeable! I would definitely recommend this!
648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is for my granddaughter whom we call Ladybug. I have not opened it and inflated it yet so I cannot comment on durability. It is cute. I will update once she tries it out.

8813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nourishing and my dog loves them
2488	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how this guy is still around and yelling when the pugs have had him for about a month but he is. Very cute. I don't know if it sends the best kind've message to your dog, but darn cute and durable.
9058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice size litter box for 6 bucks
5222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as expected
6106	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The ramp works great! Perfect to use with my GMC truck. Love the non-slip surface and so do the dogs!!
3509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the ONLY bags to use if you want to eliminate all smells and make sure you always have a safe barrier between you and "the business".  Other bags are not nearly as thick so you'll run a risk in both camps.  These cost more, but I draw the line when it comes to poo on my hands.
4223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My corgi goes crazy for this.
14	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really wish that I had just purchased volume one. It is the best.  based on what my cats preferred. It is hysterical watching your cat as they watch the video. worth every penny!!!!
7470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great value for a wonderful food.
8608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have noticed the consistency differs between batches - sometimes it seems more "solid" other times more "foamy".  Other than that I am very thankful for this stuff!  My male cat was getting UTI's because they were fed kibble and apparently not getting enough liquid in his diet.  After switching to Wellness that hasn't happened once.  Only one problem... he will ONLY eat the turkey version.  And refuses any other brand even if it's turkey.  My poor female cat will have to eat this the rest of her life (she's fat, she's ok with it!) because he loves it so freakn much!

6384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats love it.  My cat who ran up about $2000.00 of vet bills for cystitis on dry food has not has one instance of urinary tract problems since being on this wet food.  The cats like the taste of all the pates. The cats would rather starve than eat CD or Hills.
300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice harness... Wish it came in a bigger size other than medium because my puppy American Bulldog has almost grown out of it already.
2253	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it!  Durable and comes out of the wash like new!
9067	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It seems healthy and great, but my dogs did not like it. I recommend the quality and quantity you're paying for - specially that it is limited ingredient.
* Safeguarding the health of animals and humans
1243	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I saw this item advertised for a few years and always wondered if such a device could work.  I have one 12 year old cat who has begun to urinate more often.  I really never had a problem with her litter box until I hurt my back.
9315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup has been on this food since we brought him home 6 months ago. He is happy and healthy. Hill's has done more research than just about any other company out there. Also, don't get so hung up on the "chicken meal" aspect-- it is an efficient way to include chicken. Think about it-- how do these companies like Blue etc. actually include wet chicken into dry food? They don't. They process it. People knocking Hill's for including chicken meal need to get a grip. Let your common sense be your judge. This food is balanced, not over-proteined like a lot of other brands, which can actually do long term damage. My dog is energetic and goes #1 and #2 just fine. He loves his Science Diet. I don't plan on changing any time soon.
8677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our little kittens from our local animal rescue facility love Nutro Max Cat kitten food. Would highly recommend these products to you.
1594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This paper is great!  It is a good weight and the color is SUPER bright!  I will be ordering again.
3907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	57lbs Husky/German Shepard loves it.  I leave it outside, and it's softened up a bit, but she also seems to love it more that way.  I'd buy em again.
5766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adding a little Disney Magic to my day is a GOOD thing. This is adorable!
1427	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats get them every day,they enjoy them
This item was priced well (as was the leash component).  It was delivered quickly and was in great shape.
I'm super excited to gift this to my niece - she's going to be THRILLED (and I'm excited to have such an easy gift that she'll legitimately love).
9824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Much bigger than I expected. My other litter box with the side extenders is still a little shorter then this box. This box also holds a lot more litter than my other litter box as well. I was really hoping the bigger sides would help stop the cats from throwing out so much litter but I think thats a lost cause. I can literally hear my cats spend 1-2 minutes scratching in the litter to cover something up which of course some goes over the edge and onto the floor. Im starting to think the only litter box that will stop that is a huge tote box. This box works well, not really any flaws that I can see.
7798	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 4 cats have been eating this flavor for years and they love it!
Secondly, the protein is high. REALLY high. Most "high protein" dog foods are in the 26% crude protein range; this one is 32%. The fat is a little higher than most too... most are about 14% and this is 18%.  So I do feel like this is much better in terms of a more natural canine diet.
9792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great chew toy for my doberman. He got the brontosaurus and has chewed it relatively frequently for the last week. There is really minimal damage to it so far. Great toy to put in the basket for him to pull out on a rainy day.

5060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these. My dog gets twice as much exercise because the ball goes so far. We have recommended them for years
7672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pug loves these. They are great for dogs that enjoy chewing.
 The only downsides:
5889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These biscuits are crunchy and must be tasty as my dogs did enjoy them.  They were not easy to break up to use as training treats, but they did enjoy the biscuits.
1812	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Bummer......He is not saying "oh noooo"..........something wrong with it.  Makes a little noise but definitely not saying anything that resembles "oh nooo".  Sometimes it won't say anything at all.  Obviouslly defective.

5562	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Use it with the Nite Ize MTLP-08-07 MeteorLight K-9 Led dog ball, Disc-O and it works great!  I can throw way farther with less effort and keeps you from having to pick up dirty tennis balls or other
1034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	super fast charger! love it
5400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We use this launcher at a field next to our apartment complex. Our Pembroke Welsh Corgi has a lot of energy and this really helps us throw the tennis ball multiple times really far without throwing out our arms in the process. With minimal effort, you can throw a ball 15ft or so. With a good amount of effort, it will fly as far as 50ft easily. We also like that we can pick up the tennis ball with this Chuckit without having to bend over, as well as getting our fingers all slobbered up. I highly recommend this toy for anyone who has a dog that loves to play fetch and has the space to really run.
Glad I decided to go with this over the 300 series.

8827	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Smells awful, our cat hated it.
He is so good understanding the minds and behaviors of dogs... Each episode is different in its own way... Love the dvd..
And I am fairly sure the photo of the SUV happily unloading 3 pooches will be deleted as soon as they see no sales - except if they change the photo to service a lower ambition, such as front seat.  As they did.
154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Attractive semi-private blinds are a much welcomed change.
7719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this, it appears to be one of the better wet cat foods (not as full of processed carbs or sketchy meats)
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Chuckit-Ultra-Ball-Small-2-inch-2-pack/dp/B00280MUVC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chuckit! Ultra Ball Small 2-inch, 2 pack</a>
798	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This Peacock is beautifully made and absolutely stunning. I bought it for a child, but I was tempted to keep it for myself!
I feed my dogs dry food (consistently the same), but for their evening meal I split a can for my 2 large dogs.
902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good, but the plastic window suckers do break if you pull too hard.
6685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We buy a lot of canned cat food through the Add-on & Subscribe & Save programs plus deals when they can be found. Ive reviewed most of them and have no complaints with them and our 6-cats plus the 2-strays we feed rarely miss the breakfast meal that is exclusively canned food that is either Friskies or 9-Lives. The local food stores don't sell it in case lots and though its available at the box pet stores the price is often better here. We had 22-cases delivered in our last shipment and Id have to say that anyone who is upset about receiving a dented can to the point they rate it low based solely on that point has a very high level of expectation considering these are aluminum cans going through the shipping process. In the many cases purchased Id saw only a few cans were popped and had to be discarded but a dent hasn't ever effected the contents. The items received have always been 5-star in quality and whenever the price is somewhere between lass than or about equal to the food stores there is no better place than here for us to get it. Theres no way Im buying several cases of cat food locally when it comes by the can because case lots is so much easier to handle. If you're really going to be upset about a dented can then going to a store is probably the best alternative. We feed our cats grain free dry food the rest of the day but the cans are actually less expensive than what were paying for Taste of the Wild and similar brands.
Fresh Step litter works great.
6325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I tried several options but kept seeing good reviews for use with rabbits. My rabbit really took to this in her litter box and since it's just paper I wasn't concerned when she would chew some.
4615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	arrived safely, works great
7836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This package gives me just the flavors my cats love.  It is nice to find a selection that doesn't include a flavor that my cats won't eat, leaving me with cans I can't use.  As long as this is carried on Amazon, I will continue to buy it!
6353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our fav for our bunny box
The chunky pieces slow down my parrots
5218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No offense meant:), but my two little girls love to use this with our dog, and I do too, for it transforms my descent throws into genuine energy shedding opportunities.  It's also nice that you can pick the ball up and minimize the slobbering and dirt that are byproducts of such fun.
The toy we got was the more fuzzy looking bear that's pictured in some of the additional pictures for this listing.
1931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it. Super fast shipping
7730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I don't think any dog will love the taste, but this food seems to maintain good health and solid, consistent stool in my senior dog. To make it more palatable, I garnish it with salmon fish oil made for pets, boiled eggs and other treats.
897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The product was exactly like it was advertised.  I have used the calendars with envelopes ever since I can remember, and this is one of the prettiest, sturdiest calendars I've ever had.  What's more, the shipping came immediately!  It was here for January 1, although I ordered it late!  Good service for a good product!  The attached envelopes at the bottom of each month are handy for keeping notes to myself, doctor's appointment cards, addresses or phone numbers--whatever you need to keep handy and be more efficient.
9348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	safe for pets healthy ingredients.
9608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love that it's healthy & she loves it!
976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Even though this product is NOT the traditional rawhide chew and therefore doesn't last long, I buy it because it contains  prebiotics which eliminates the need for yogurt (or other medications)mixed in dog food or treats (per vet instructions)due to my dog being on frequent antibiotics for UTI's. Great price with free shipping.  This product sells for 24.95 at Petsmart when you can find it.  The only problem I have with this product is the package seal-doesn't seal properly once this package is opened. Would like to see this product sell as save and subscribe to prevent monthly ordering.
743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have been using this cord to attach my sound bar to my Tv and haven't had an issues. Works great!
It is a great way to get proactive in avoiding problems as he ages.
350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works on my thick, heavy coated, medium 50# sized dog. Second purchase for us, because the first one worked so well. Also use the small for our 7# dog. No sickness or problems of any kind. Grateful to have found them. We replaced the first round at 8 months. Havent seen a flee for almost a year.

1913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog has about 40 various toys that we have to stack up everyday. When the wife gets home he gets all excited and roots through his stash of goodies. This is one of his favorites, with all the squeakers. He shakes and bites this thing, growls and then flings it into the air. We have had it about two months and I did have to hand sew the seam in the back once, but it has held up well.
6259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it and looks great.  He was on the Pro-Plan puppy for a year and is on going on his 4th bag of this.
9326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog loves them... She knows when they have arrived before the packing box is even opened.  Then she waits and watches until I pull the bag from the box and then I swear she smiles.  Before the bag is opened, her excitement overwhelms her and she starts to salivate puddles of expectations.  I should make a small video of her ritual .. if a picture says a thousand words..

7789	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is second and last case to be ordered of Max Cat.  Two adult cats who would not eat this product even when leaving out overnight as their hunger grew.  After half of first case went down disposal, donated other half to Good Will.  This case, different flavor, same thing, only 3/4's of case going to Good Will. Only other food receiving same response was Natural Balance after bought out by non-pet friendly company while claiming same recipe.  Corporate greed equals Wall Street's.
5806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a good flashlight. It has three settings: high, low, and strobe. It is compact and bright. The flashlight is built well. This is a quality buy for the value and cost.
It is easy to put on, the head slips into the opening, and one arm goes through an arm hole, then the rest of it snaps snuggly around the chest.  This is great because she gets over excited and struggling with other harnesses I have had was very challenging.
3722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I found these in a dispenser at a public park. They were more ingeniously designed than you would expect. Much better than a plastic bag. More like a mitt and thicker. So I found them here on Amazon and bought them. I've bought other bags, but never felt like I should be paying for a thin, plain, small plastic bag. So I used anything I found around the house. These are worth the money! I feel like I'm getting some quality and value.
3526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great!
3274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	just fine, and at a discounted price from some of the other products, veterinary and other, that are on the market.  I hide them in just a bit of cheese or bread and dogs never know they took a pill.
8751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats liked it but when I was down to the last 6 cans they were not as excited to eat it. Just fussy cats I guess.
7846	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I ordered the product based on the picture and then found out that they were the smaller cans and not the bigger cans when the order arrived.  I should've been more careful but please change the picture to show the 6 ounce can.
6212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best food on the market for a gerbil in my opinion.
2263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love their Lambchops.  So cute.  Big enough for two of them to play tug of war.  Have had them a couple of months and they still haven't been able to tear them apart.
4065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Save your arm and buy this!  Amazing product.  I've read that after long term use the head starts to loosen and not hold balls anymore.  If this happens to me, I'm gonna boil some water in the microwave, dunk the head in it, and then form it around the ball with zip ties/rope/rubber bands/something.  It worked in high school for mouth guards, and it should work for this...just a thought.
Thank you to everyone who responded to my question! One happy little dog over here.
I have the purple band. I am a runner, bicyclist, and like to exercise in general. With this band, I hope to get back into the same shape as college a few years ago using body weight and these bands to work my core. My favorite twisting core exercise are russian twists where the band is attached to a wall or pole, you are facing to the side, and bring the other end of the band across your body with straight arms, feet planted which works your core, shoulders, and arms. Holy moley, this band is whooping my butt!
1325	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dogs favorite toy is the large wigggly giggle ball, but it's cracked with holes in it. I thought the small one would be a better size, buy it doesn't make much noise. Unless it doesn't work correctly.
And if you have a puppy...get it now.
1334	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loved this toy and he got a lot of use out of it.  The only problem is the he shredded it the whole time.  It was a disaster within hours.  The rubber is like a cheap dollar store sqeek toy.  He still wanted to play with it, but almost choked on a loose piece, so we had to throw it away.  Not worth the money.
9152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great choice for  size (2 cats) and easy to clean. The height is great but not too high for my fussy furkids.  Good product and highly recommended.
2828	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy.  He is a Porkie and this is a perfect size for him.  It is difficult to find small toys for small dogs.  I have purchased several other small Kong toys for him.  He takes them to bed at night and plays with them off and on all night.
5102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little  tool for my very active Whippet.  She loves to chase a ball in our backyard, but my old  shoulder was beginning to ache  all the time.  The Chuckit is letting me throw  for a  longer time  and my  shoulder is beginning to feel better.  A tired Whippet is a well-behaved
4373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit!

Only 2 cautions:  1)  I bought the extension because I kept overstriding and tapping her rear legs, which is especially important if your dog pulls and you are "following" vs. running side-by-side.  2) a pocket for  poo bags would be nice.  I tied it to the leash, but something more elegant would be nice.
5367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've seen something like this on the beaches of SC when folks with their dogs play together. We have a very over active puppy who needs to be worn out 3x a day. I can chuck the tennis ball about 50yds 10 times so my pup is worn out. A tired pup is a happy pup. The product is strong and will last, can't ask for more than that.
4612	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This product appears to be a knock-off.  It is lesser quality than the Chuck-it products we have bought from Petco, and the branding on it looks noticeably different, and it is made in China.  It does not hold Chuck-It balls as well as a regular Chuck-it.  After a few days my husband gave up on this, went to Petco, and bought a real Chuck-it.  We didn't return this since we had already used it.  It's now an emergency back-up in case the real one breaks.  It basically just gathers dust.  Better than nothing but if you're going to spend money on a product like this, buy the real thing.
1293	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have had this for about a year and just unloaded it onto some poor unsuspecting soul at our annual yard sale. During the time we had it we encountered clogged rakes, missed "material" from the box, and any number of other problems. In addition, it inhaled batteries so quickly that I should have bought stock in the battery manufacturer, and the collection boxes filled with incredible frequency. (And, no, we couldn't use the plug in adapter as we didn't have receptacle anywhere near where the box was stored. We tried moving it, but cats are funny about change...they kept going where it had been previously located.)
4252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for exercising and playing fetch with my mini dachshund. It gives her a work out that is easy on me.

2139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought this in a hurry, skipping right over the fact that this was a dog toy.  :/  I was looking for a small lambchop for my little grandson, and this was an add-on item, so I snatched it up quickly.  There are squeakers in the tummy, and in all four feet of the toy.  I find the squeakers to be very loud.  (I ended up making a small incision and removing all the squeakers easily enough.) If your dog isn't startled by loud noises, they will love the squeaking.  I honestly don't know how long it would last for a dog that gets rough with their toys and chews aggressively.  It really is made to feel like a typical stuffed animal for a child, which is why I subtracted one star.  My dog could have destroyed it within a few days easily, but it would be suitable for a milder-tempered dog that enjoys cuddling with plush toys.
Easy to setup and take down, morons might need to watch their fingers but if you have some sense it's no big deal.
5281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	im very pleased with this chuckit. I own several others and this short one is good to keep in the car to always have one around. if you have a fetch crazy dog, you'll understand why i'd want that.
First, I should say that our cats tend to be a little "different".  We've had a cat who always drank water by scooping it up with his paw first.  Cats that figured out how to open the front door.  Cats that stalk dogs and chase them.  You get the idea.
I let it soak for a few minutes then used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-Spotbot-Pet-Handsfree-Spot-and-Stain-Cleaner-with-Deep-Reach-Technology-33N8A/dp/B003Y3AA2S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL Spotbot Pet Handsfree Spot and Stain Cleaner with Deep Reach Technology, 33N8A</a>&nbsp;to power clean the area and it works well together, though the SPOTBOT machine works fine on its own.
2081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY DOG LOVES PLAYING WITH MR.BILL AND SO WILL YOURS
318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice quality fits a number of body styles. Just wish it came on other colors.
6469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has been great, dogs get excited when I pull it out of the cupboard, we have tried other brands but they seem to respond to this one better. I love that it is made with just a few items and healthy for my puppies
Useless item and waste of my money.
4852	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's from Chuck It, what else can I say?! I recommended getting the rubber balls to go with it though because the last longer and bounce further. This keep our 2 year old rottie busy and tired out.
1538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy one of these each year for my elderly parents. It is easy to read,  room to write appointments, and they love the pockets.  The only problem is that there too many pretty calendars to choose from!

I love that it connects around the waist as I run with a 50 pound border collie who is more in shape than me. This means lots of pulling for the first couple of miles. I live in a hilly area and this was causing muscle strain from running off balance. With the buddy system this is minimized as I am pulled straight forward rather than off balance. I even get to use both arms while running instead of the one armed swing I used to us.
5 PAWS UP!
7315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent food!
9328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these and come running whenever they hear the bag open!

4461	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is great! We think this size is great and it fits regular tennis balls. The orange ball it came with broke within a couple weeks, but we expected that to happen.
54	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really good book
-you can pick up the ball without bending over.
These goals are achieved by developing and implementing uniform and equitable laws, regulations, standards, definitions and enforcement policies for regulating the manufacture, distribution and sale of animal feeds - resulting in safe, effective and useful feeds by promoting uniformity amongst member agencies."
The label further states that the food is "formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles ..."

8048	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loved it but the head of the dinosaurs was small enough to get really far back in my dogs mouth and with the texture it tore his gums up.  Vet said no more so in the trash it went.
3834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With two long-haired cats, hairballs are unavoidable here, no matter how often we brush them.  This spray makes it much more convenient to clean the stains off the carpet, instead of whacking with the SpotBot immediately.  Spray on, let dry, and THEN SpotBot.  Much cleaner.  I'm happy.  Ideally I'd change all our carpets to hardwood, but...that's a much more expensive solution!
It is a great work out for your arm/back. Don't forget to use your other arm every now and then so you don't become deformed.
4273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great as always
1713	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to go with Gumby. My chihuahuas love it and take almost a disturbing amount of pleasure in making him say, Oh no!
8939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I got this because the purina pro plan that I was using was unavailable. My kittens actually prefer this.
2286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My furry baby's favorite toy!!!  My doberman, Brutus. loves this toy and is always carrying it around.  He loves the squeakers and loves his "baby".  He even carries it to bed with him and puts it next to his head to sleep.  He loves the squeakers and so do I.  They are not obnoxiously loud and are tolerable to listen to for hours at a time.  Eventually, the squeakers give out, but only after they have been put through hundreds of squeaks.  As with all stuffed toys for animals, they will tear if your dog loves to tear things up.  Fortunately, Brutus does not like to tear up his stuffed animals.  On the other hand, my other doberman, Sarge, loves to tear up stuffed animals and will shred one of these to pieces in a heartbeat taking all of the stuffing out of the body and the squeakers leaving a lifeless shell of Lambchop in the yard for poor Brutus to find.  Even though the squeakers and stuffing may get taken out by Sarge, Brutus still loves it and will carry it around with him even though it won't squeak.  We call it "raggy baby" and he knows which one we are talking about.  I have multiple Lambchops on hand for the times they will need washing, repair, or being sent to doggie toy heaven. These are great toys :)
3911	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is obsessed with these balls. They're great quality and don't shed fuzz like many other tennis balls. I always buy tennis balls in bulk since we bring them to the dog park, and these are a great price.
8178	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a different gift for our dogs and they like chewing on them.  Keeps them busy.
1667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great and smooth cutting saw. I love it and probably won't ever need to buy another one. The LED light is useless as others have mentioned, but I didn't expect it to be anything special. Highly recommended over other similar priced saws.
9413	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is definitely giant, compared to other litter boxes I have.  There's nothing wrong with it, but I think my cat is just a little too small for it b/c he's not a huge fan.  I don't think it's the box's fault though - just my cat's preference.
3291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have four dogs. I have to treat all four even if only one is infected, which means that my costs are quadrupled. After much research, I decided to try this product due to its minimal side effects and fast action, not to mention the reasonable cost. I couldn't have made a better choice. No adverse affects, fast acting, low cost, and 100% effective. What more could I ask for?
6447	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cats did not like this at all. The pellets were really big and very hard.
and they love them also
4240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It doesn't throw quite as far as expected, but my dog gets so excited every time I pull it out. I bought it thinking an average tennis ball would fit, but ended up buying a bunch of small balls for the chuckit.
Puppy loves it, and never has digestive problems.
id say its so easy that its foolproof, and worth every penny.
9997	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It is so handy to be able to order these online, especially through Prime.  It delivered quickly and there was no damage to the cans.  It was just like picking them up at the store, only without the store.  I will be ordering these again.
2301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As plush dog toys go, this one is maybe a little above average, but by no means indestructible. My dog loves it. She loves plush squeaky toys in general but is picky about which ones she wants to play with. This was her favorite before she discovered lambchop. The most important thing to me though is the price because no matter what I buy she will always pick a favorite, and no matter the quality they will eventually be destroyed, bleeding white fluff all over my house. Sock monkey can get a bit too expensive for that.
9974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried different foods with my puppies. This is the only brand that they actually seem to enjoy. i've tried science hills diet, purina puppy chow, and Iams. Finally, I decided that I needed to find something that didn't have all sorts of fillers in it. So I decided to try Canidae. Not only do I know that they will eat it right away but it produces a lot less poop. With all the other kinds of food we would see it just sit there for hours and hours. Plus, Purina gave them the stinkiest, biggest, most icky poop. With this, their poop have gotten a lot smaller and they do not need to go as much.
Here's a few lil recommendations btw which helped us IMMENSELY if you do have an itchy lil guy:
8885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Two cats like it a lot, the other sops up the sauce and maybe downs a chunk or two of meat.  Cats are every bit as bizarre as people.
1831	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy
3601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very handy to have these bags with you at all times - love the box they come in as easy to pull out and take with.
7711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness brand speaks for itself.  I buy it along with some other brands, to mix it up for the doggies.  They love Wellness products.
5517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	absolutely amazing.  i've had this for over a year now and it's the best $10 I've spent. I never have to touch a slobbery ball and it makes playing fetch so much more fun! highly recommended!
4421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely loves the long runs she gets with this throwing stick. It is still working perfectly after 6 months.

6560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great item!
8882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Even my picky dog likes this.  She eats this along with her cat/lol
8941	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My three cats all love this food. We call it , as well as the Chicken Supreme, "The Giblets". It seems to work for the one who's had a UTI, and the one who has hypothyroidism does not puke this food! We also deliver his twice daily pills in it. The third, and so far problem-free cat, just loves the food. It is a bit spendy, but not as bad as some, and it seems healthy for all.
7746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Des loves this turkey. He's more of a seafood guy but this turkey is inhaled every single time. He digests it very well. Will buy again.
1267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love them...


4155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Melvin monster loves it!  Glad we live in the country so we can chuck it that far!!
9942	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	grand pup loves them
6861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog likes it and it is a good quality dog food for her.  I have no problems with it or the seller or the delivery of it.
7074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it. She won't even touch the canned I bought.
8391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The kittys that I am fostering love this kitten food. The price was great and I got it within a two days! I am fostering two kittens and I only give them one can around 4pm in the day, but leave out dry food so they can eat during the day while I am at work.
7015	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it.
8949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Actually my cats love Friskies Classic Pate
8975	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought many of these over the years. The curves to the dinos make them easy to hold and interesting for the dog to play with and chew. Puppies to adults will like them. I have fairly large dogs and the size fits them fine. They last for a long time. In a year or so I will replace with new ones. They are easy to clean with an old toothbrush and then a quick boil. I clean them about once a month or so and the dogs think they are brand new.
5177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	no more dog slober!!
7273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good food , dog loves it..
8235	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	its not destructible but she doesn't like the lack of flavor of any kind. the flavored one she didn't respond to much better...
6832	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats like the Pate type cat foods over the shredded stuff. Good price. My cats are getting old, and they lost a lot of teeth and they seem to like a little variety.
1490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	too bad it's no longer available at a decent price....I paid $50 and some change for the last bag .....my dog really loves

398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	6 months all most up

7275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Needed a can opener which is an inconvience.
6049	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Much too heavy and bulky.  I could not even lift it out of the box, nevermind in and out of the car.  Returned it immediately
8341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good size for puppy training.

9411	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cat loves it. Corners at bottom somewhat hard to clean.
2687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	KONG toys are the only toys that hold up with my dogs. I bought the original style bear in 2005 when I adopted my dog and despite the changes this has remained her favorite toy. Love the fact that if it does end up with a hole there is no worries of finding stuffing every where.
4425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and sturdy. I don't have to touch the wet ball my puppy brings anymore.
2813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super tiny but my dog loves walking around the house with it in her mouth showing everyone her toy!
4761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love it. It is a must for each dog owner!
4190	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	these are very small. Only good for a dog about the size of a chihuahua
998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's sturdy and comfortable for my little 16 lb. dog. He's a size such that a smaller one seems to be too cramped for him, so this is very roomy for the guy. It's not heavy, so I can easily carry him in there. I do have decent upper body strength, though.
2177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased two of these and gave one to my son my fuzzy grandchildren and then I bought the other for a friend and his fuzzy fur feet doggie.  They love this guy.  They all found that he talks "OH NO!"  Perfect!  The dogs love squeezing this guy and hearing what he has to say.  Maybe not too good for the parents but for the dogs they love playing with this toy.
146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Friends:
9327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs were bonkers for these!!!!!
Kimberly, KeepTheTailWagging.com
Nah, miss prissy cat pants begs, then you put the can down and she runs off. Seriously runs off!
810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just what my son wanted!
9007	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R21G8JYGUKDA9T" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91TCBlheHFS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/716jd1K2NBS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Highly recommend!


Jumping in and out on an SUV is not a good thing for a dog.
6419	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	While the animals seem to like the taste I really feel it is not a high enough quality to warrant the higher price. It is not organic and has a lot of ingredients that I am not sure of. I mainly buy a local food I found that is made in my state with natural ingredients including a natural preservative and does not use BY-Product meats or a lot of grains. You decide for yourself if you want this food or not.
5025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!! No more grabbing slobbery balls with your hands. Everyone is happy.
3523	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Just make sure you use them up within a year!  I got these for the occasional 'babysitting" I do for my relatives dog.  I am not used to picking up dog waste and these are thicker than other bags they gave me to use - so that part is good, while they lasted.  BUT they do not have a very long shelf life.  I used them about once a month for a day or two, and when I went to take one off to use it last time, the side seam just designated!  Ripped wide open.  Inspected the rest of the lot and all are the exact same - totally unusable now.  What a waste of money, I only used about 24 of them.  Who would have thought they would have an expiration???
3300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well as always
its not cheap if you have to replace all of the litter every day,adds up.
Since then, we've tried various flavor permutations of the adult recipes: lamb, turkey, chicken, liver, seafood, venison, duck, and salmon. Even one kitten recipe that fell into the basket by mistake (Chicken & Oceanfish Formula). All of them have been consumed with enthusiasm. We stand amazed; it's a new paradigm - for the moment.
usually offered and they eat it up! I don't feed my babies dry cat food unless, I'm going to be away an entire day.
2254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality
2561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is just great! I originally bought one from Target (on sale for about $2.00) and my dog just feel in love w/ this him. He was playing with him, sleeping with him and he has to have Mr. Bill next to him at all times for next few days... Then somehow, we lost him.... so I had to buy him another Mr. Bill! He still loves to play with him and I think the sound he makes is just great! :) Totally recommend this product to any dog owners.. My dog is a 15 lb maltipoo btw
7306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this bone. The bones have lumps, bumps, and curves and are fun to chew. I often see my 2 dogs chewing on this dinosaur together- one on each end!
7517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was not happy when I received the same product with the old packaging with as  it contains carrageenan  the new one does not have Carrageenan  that was what was in the photo With the new label
2931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the kong.  We have agressive chewers and these last a lot longer then anything else.  Plus the price is very reasonable considering what local stores sell them for.
5480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My daughter says her dog,  just loves this item,as she cannot throw the ball that far but the CHUCKIT does the job.
8630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats never seem to tire of this and I rest easy knowing they are getting the nutrition they need.
4879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What to toss a tennis ball a zillion miles?  This does the trick.  And with a little bit of practice you can use it to pick up the ball and be slobber free.
7941	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff, my dogs love it..
3957	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these!! They are the same size as tennis balls, but you can find them in the grass!! This is very beneficial, esp at the dog park.
6232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great!
774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these.
635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this ball. Better yet, pup packs it around a lot. Have to be careful on putting in treats, or they just drop through. Got them in and holes out of alignment, so pup would have to "work at it". She did and figured it out quickly.
1899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lamb chop is everyones' fav
My cats did not show any signs of those problems when I fed this to them, so that is a good sign.

8239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it!
2118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my puppy's first ride in car - which was when he came home with us.  at first, it was bigger than he was (2 lbs)...he is now 7.5 pounds at 10 months, and still loves to snuggle with this squeak lamb when napping.. he tosses  it around, shaking it, squeaking it, and it's still in very good condition.
9296	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Kitty hated it to be more exact
4100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If not for this, I would wear out my arm.  So glad these were invented.
5142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a large back yard for our community and our pup leaps and bounds across it when she's outside. This Chuckit! launcher gives me the ability to launch the ball all the way across the yard, rather than my measly throws on my own. The ball is easy to pick back up, granted the dog will let you pick it up, and the medium ball is perfect for my 43lb doodle.

7082	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For some reason, Friskies puts corn products into all of their food EXCEPT for the ones called "pate". Any good vet will tell you that corn products are unhealthy for cats.
9524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  My golden pup loves his!
5125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this size Chuckit!  It's great for back yard play, and I think it's actually easier to use than the original, longer version.
7173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog wasn't a fan because of how hard the dinosaur was but my sisters dog me loved it.
7076	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it, but a bit pricey
2180	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because of the good reviews.  I have never seen Mr. Bill and expected "Ohhh Noooo" to sound like Oh No.  I bought 2 Mr. Bills and to me both should like "Oh Say".  My dog loves stuffed squeaky toys and is very gentle with them.  She grabbed for Mr. Bill when the mail arrived but when I squeezed him, it frightened her.  It has taken several weeks for her to play with Mr. Bill.  She is now carrying him to bed.
4486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these. I can throw the ball about 60 yards now and not have to touch the slobber when my dog brings back the ball.
2051	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When we say "oh, no" Bob-the-dog runs and gets Mr Bill. Such a smart pup!
It is exceptional in nutrition but my pooch doesnt like it.he will eat it eventually but I waste more than he eats
2928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bichon loved this little toy it got her mouth perfectly. She loved it. It's a dream for a small dog
And, uh, this is kinda sensitive and I'm not sure the pup would want me to share, but I think it's time to call the vet.
1056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually inverted this so that the lip faces down.  It still catches the seed and allows small birds to perch without becoming clogged.

7406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Jack Russell Terrier cannot eat chicken or chicken fat which is in a lot of wet foods. The food I had been giving her was just not what she liked and she ended wasting more than eating it. With this product she ate it very hardily. I fed her 1/2 can mid day and by evening she was begging for the rest of it! I mixed it with a little cooked brown rice and I am so pleased my little Lucy loves this for she has a chronic pancreatic condition and allergies but this is settling very well with her!
1062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Using the larger trays helps keep dropped feed off the ground and the birds eat more food without wasting it (falling on the ground).  It saves effort and time, because you don't need to weed under the feeder.
52	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Interesting and tasty (at least according to our dogs' response) recipes that are clearly written and easy to follow.  If you want to make your own food and treats this book is a must.
JTG
8732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love Science Diet Products
Two thumbs up for high quality feed and for Prime!
3904	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these Chuckit balls.
962	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  I keep it in my purchase and use it after every manicure and I rarely get hangnails.  If I don't use it after a manicure, I always get hangnails.  Not sure if that's because of the product, but I would have to think it is.
4739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Be prepared to chuck it pretty far!! I "chuckit" right into my neighbors yard
450	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	All this is a dipped plastic in chemicals. It just protects the neck area, gave my bulldog a rash.
1476	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent, no-nonsense planner for those who need to keep track of important occasions and dates (some of them on the same day), with room to spare.  It also includes important dates and holidays, eight pages for notes, and several for planning and other events.  What I like best about this planner is that there is enough room to write several important occasions and/or appointments in each box due to one month taking up two pages, and each page is a generous 8.5" X 11".  The tabs and bungee cord make it easy to pick up where you left off, or go where you want to be.  ACCO hits a home run with this informative, no-frills "At-A-Glance" 2016 monthly planner, for those who need lots of room to write.  Last, but not least, is that the simple black "leatherette" look (and feel), is always in style.
1185	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I actually won this litter box in a drawing. I was planning on buying one any way. Glad I didn't, it started having problems after five weeks. Of course if I had purchased it, I would take it back and get a new one. But I'm having the same problems others have had, it has a hard time moving a clump of litter sometimes and starts clicking, it wastes litter and now it goes through 5 cycles EVERY time it sweeps even if there is only a small amount and it scoops it the first time.
9528	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Pieces are too big and like everyone else - my cats are throwing up and no way to get a refund. This will be my last bag of this. Will switch to another brand.
120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These spatulas are a little smaller than I expected, but they are silicone and do the trick.
4627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous device!  I love that I can throw the ball so far with this.  The dogs love to chase the balls, plus you can use it to pick up the balls.  Love it!
Final note:
5850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves it
7156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best
8042	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	30% PROTEIN...............a biscuit that is actually healthy for my three min pins!  Real peanut butter biscuit!
5491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Allows you to throw a long way without throwing your arm out. My dogs get a lot more exercise and I enjoy it now.
6410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A steal
685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Seems like such a simple toy, but everytime kids came over to our house they loved the nerf football and wanted to takei t home with them. We finallly just purchased a few to give to these kids to have at their house, and it's always a popular toy and they always want us to throw with them when we're around.
5134	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog hated this & was afraid to fetch the ball from this product. She prefers me to throw a ball & always retrieves it when I throw a ball.
7111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat Godesu loves this product...
4255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My small dog loves these things. They are nice and bright so he can see them and the felt material doesn't peel off in chunks like the cheap balls do. They hold up alittle better which is nice so I don't have to replace them as often.
5457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Simple design and easy to use.  I love that it helps me throw the ball much further than I could on my own.
9741	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats like this blend

Miss Katina
1414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super product. For planner people like me it's tough to find all the aspects I want and don't want. I want decent monthly planner. That's all. No daily or weekly pages. Don't need em. It's really well made and contrary to other review not flimsy IMO. If I had to complain wish there were more color options- wish there were more note areas- wish it was a cooler format, like wider. Anyway, love it! I had another Orange Circle product last year and loved it to but it was too big and too many pages. Then I found this option and it is Just Right. Bam.
Would not use anything else, this works.
The balls shown here are tough. Teach the dog with old tennis balls not to bite/puncture the ball. Get help from a trainer if you cannot find how to teach it.
6041	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After our dogs ACL repair she was not supposed to jump in and out of our vehicle.  This ramp is awesome. It took a full day of training, but now all three of our dogs use the ramp.
115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable!  A little bit heavy but not too bad.  The weight gives it a nicer feel.  Nice details, nicely painted.  Very nice handiwork.  I think the little bone on the bottom is to add a name, but we aren't going to do that.  It's cute just a blank bone (or can remove it if it bugs us).
6895	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My westie puppy loves this food!
5559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a smaller version of the more popular/larger Chuckits I see around, but I wanted one I could carry with me easily while walking my dog.  I can fit this in my coat pocket and not have to worry about holding onto it, and the leash.  It doesn't throw nearly as far, but it does throw the ball much further than I can.  The dog has no complaints either.
3145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Already knew that the product was working for the dogs who are 12 and 9 years of age, but at $14.oo a bottle in WalMart I was looking for a better deal and I found it! Kudos to you...you beat WalMart!
Easy to use, and the scent isn't bad compared to other brands.  Not too greasy once it's fully dispersed over the fur.  No fleas so far.  This is my preferred flea product for my cats.
1408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not too big, not too small, the Goldilocks of organizers!
6117	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This pet ramp was easy for my dogs to use.  It took a little coaching because they prefer to jump out of the bed of my truck but they are both getting older and they don't realize that is why they limp later.  I like it because when and if I ever need to clean it, it will be easy.  There is no material or anything to catch dirt.  I can just spray it off with water.  My dalmatian gets wet every time I walk her anyway because she loves to swim in the lake.  She is 13 years old.  My beagle who is 7 years took the lead on teaching the older dog what to do to climb the ramp.  I have a Ford F-150 truck and it works perfectly.  The ramp has gotten beaten up a little because it is plastic and I just toss it around but it has not cracked or anything, just a little rough on the edges but that is my fault for letting it hit the concrete.  It is a little heavy for me but I have not pinched my fingers or had any close calls with safety.  I put it in the back seat of the truck while I am walking so no one steals it.  I have the seats folded down so it makes it easy.  While I am driving, I just leave it in the back of the pickup and on the spray in bedliner, it does not slide around.  I would purchase it again!
280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect! I got the green "friendly" harness in small for my Jack-Russel/Rat Terrier mix and it fits her perfectly. It's bright, well made, and enough padding that she is comfy in it. Unlike the other 2 I ordered, this one has a ring on the harness at the back and on the front too. Really worked out great for my needs, I only wish they had one that was for seizures-- but this will let people know it's safe to approach her to read her dog ID tag which does alert that she has seizures, is on medication, and not to feed her. Very happy with my purchase. I also got the blind dog (white) and nervous dog (yellow). Very happy with all three. My dogs are all different sizes from 10 lbs to 20 and different heights, neck and girth, but the small fit all 3 beautifully. I'm delighted with the purchase and glad I decided to splurge on these and the matching collars. Even my nervous dog who refuses to move if you try to put anything on her is comfy in her new halter and really doesn't seem to mind wearing it at all!

6565	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A few cans were dented but all seems well. My dog loves this product and she's now almost a year. I highly recommend this brand and I'm really glad Amazon has the larger sized cans as well as the smaller ones.
6851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with my purchase and realized very substantial savings over the price I had been paying for it at PetSmart.  Excellent vendor......
7001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good food.  Looking at the Dog Food Advisor website, it is ranked as a 5 star food.  The only problem I had was that it made my puppy a little gassy, but he is prone to tummy problems anyway,per my vet.  I am currently using the wellness core conned puppy food.
4432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best way to play with my dog.  She absolutely loves it when we get out the launcher.  Even if you have a regular or small yard, you can still control how far you throw it.  Plus, you would have it on hand for the dog park days - it can throw far!  I'm not the best at a regular throw, but I can still launch this nearly as far as my husband (who is good at throwing).  Any medium sized Chuck-It balls will fit in here (including just regular tennis balls).  Even the whistle balls or Max Glow balls are a great fit.  It's a great price, and we will be using it for a long time!
1527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the packaging, scent, product works wonders.  I recommend this product.  It's affordable.  Smooth transaction, arrived on time.

Yes, cats can get bored with this like any other toy.  Sometimes all it takes is spinning the ball and they'll come running;  or refresh the catnip.
The only negative, of course, is that it takes more litter to cover the bottom of this one. Otherwise, I am very happy with this purchase.
6386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a good price. The fast shipping is nice too.
4866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it and I don't throw my shoulder out every time I take him to the park to play fetch! Money well spent.
7889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since putting our dog on the Wellness dog food, we don't have any more diarrhea or upset tummy issues.
1008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After being so satisfied with my green medium carrier, I purchased my 2nd Sherpa carrier in a large since one of my pup has grown so much. The red one that has flaps that can be kept down for privacy and to block the cold air on the airplane floor.  If the pup wants or needs extra ventilation and visibility, the flaps can be rolled up and hooked to a ring on the handles.  It comes with a large side pocket for carrying collapsable bowls, treats and toys.  The material is of excellent quality.  When I had both carriers, the green and red,  on the floor last night my pups jumped from one to the other.  They love them both, and I do, too.
3350	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Hasn't worked at all. I have 3 cats, all are indoor animals. One got out and picked up fleas in the 3 hours he was out. It just has not worked.
My other girl has cancer and it is her favorite. I wonder about the chance that it has
- Consult with your vet before using this product in animals with clotting disorders, being treated with anticoagulant medications, diabetes, or any metabolic disorder causing hyperglycemia, history of urinary tract stones, and known allergies to shellfish.
9002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice big size
3226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these genuinely work for my dog. I have a 155 lbs great dane and have to give him the full dose but these naturally take the edge off for him. he was a rescue who was severely abused and can get nervous when I have company over and I don't want my dog to be drugged just to relax. its sort of like having a beer after a long day, he is just at ease. and he loves these, no issue in getting him to eat one.
3892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great oversized tennis ball. Not incredibly durable if you have a large breed dog. My adult German Shepherd broke it in half after a week of light play. She does love catching it though!
3553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best bags out there
6401	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog does well on this can food. I've tried other flavors of the Wellness but this senior formula just molds better for my toothless 4lb old doggie.
568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very nice quality perch.  It was slightly bigger in diameter than what I expected.


My cats are also happy. While I still have an appreciation for Frontline, I am happy to have Advantage as a viable alternative.
8675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE, 20 YEAR OLD CAT HAD SEVERE REACTION  ON SECOND CASE, FROM 2 TABLESPOONS.AND VERY ILL FOR 48 HOURS.

2004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All 3 of my dogs love this to death. I have bought a few so far and they are all in various destroyed stages. But even when there is barely a carcass left, the dogs love this and will fight over it. It even seems the more destroyed they are, the more they want to play with them. Lol
195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Got the clickers yesterday and my dogs already respond to them. Will read the book for more info. This and the silent whistle, which works GREAT, keeps us from yelling at them.
A lack of consistency in the quality of any great product, ultimately makes it only a mediocre product.  A buyer may purchase Wellness pet food for years to come and have very healthy, well-fed pets, or could inadvertently feed their pets something terrible, or poor-quality, without realizing it, due to this one issue.
- Holds 5 servings of food
4718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Item worked great; however, my husband let the dog play with the ball and she destroyed it.  Gonna go buy a few more balls and train my husband not to let the dog play with the new balls
8425	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	for the price i think you can get a much better food for your cat - the ingredients are not the best and the cats thought it was ok tasking
8594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Its really good!
2993	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had the Dr. Noys teddy bear in the medium size for almost 6 months, purchased for my 30 lb sheltie girl.  Our dog is not a "sit down and try to rip apart" kind of dog, but she does love to play tug-o-war!  I usually grip the head while she grabs onto either the squeaking body or one of the limbs, and she hops and pulls and shakes and play-growls until she gets too thirsty to continue.  Hubby and I also play keep-away with the bear, tossing it back and forth so she'll run between us for some exercise (she's not much of a retriever).  Sometimes she'll pick up the bear and bring it over to me to let me know it's time to play, but otherwise she really doesn't play with the bear on her own.  Not the fault of the bear, it's just the way my sheltie is, and I hope it gives you a better idea of how this bear might hold up with your dog.
The person who said their unit has been working for 8 years is either mistaken or lying. This Asian company is barely 3 years old. I have a sneaking suspicion that the seller wrote a review of their own product, using their "imagination" & hyperbole.
8112	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
7158	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is probably great dog food but not for my dogs.  It is very very rich - and it caused a great deal of intestinal upset in both of my dogs - and I had to smell the residual results.  I'm just thankful that we did not have company when the dogs were eating it.
1802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy! He manages to tear it up fast which is fine. I actually stock up and give him one in place of a treat sometimes.
6029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog just love these yip yaps. I would recommend every pet owner to try these for their animals. They will love them.
8604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great to bulk order
3655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Expensive, but easy to use, thick, and opaque.  The only improvements I can think of would be a lower price and handles, to make it easier to hang the full bag from the leash until I get to a garbage can.
1620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them - and that makes me happy. What else could a person ask for in a dog treat?
8861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	You are looking for items like this because like me your dog chewed something up you loved. Well this thing works. Instead of it chewing on your 100 dollar loafers it will chew on this. Click add to cart and buy it.
9514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Products and Great company to deal with. 5 Stars+
9605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love Science Diet dog foods. Have used them for 20 years or longer for all my dogs.
5437	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Chuckit Launcher is a necessity if you have a dog that enjoys the game of fetch.  I have always known about this product but considered it for the lazy man.  My yellow lab has enough energy to make a game of fetch feel like pitching nine innings in the big leagues.  It would get to the point where I would have to ice my shoulder.  I eventually invested in one of these and now use it regularly.  Once you get the hang of the throwing motion you can launch the ball incredible distances with very little effort.
5914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a two and a half year old Havapoo (half Havanese, half Poodle). She learned how to press the paw on command in about two days. It's a great device but I wish the area that gives out the sound was a bit bigger and a bit more touch sensitive. There were times when she pressed the side or she wouldn't press hard enough, and she would wonder why she was not getting rewarded. It took her a few days to learn how to press it using the right pressure. Anyway, overall, it's a neat product. She is now pressing it proactively to get us to take her outside for potty.
695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good quality
5558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As the other reviewers noted, you can throw a ball a long way with minimal effort and you don't have to pick up a slobbery dirty ball in your hand.  The dog wore out before I did!
4460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love Chuck-It's products, and this mini ChuckIt is great because it fits in my smaller bag but still throws normal-size tennis balls.
1637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these and in fact bought this waterbottle for the second time after my daughter dropped it so awkwardly that the top was broken. It is very pretty, however I with I could put this in the dishwasher without the beautiful design coming off after several washes, however, pretty much all thermoses do that. I would buy this again.
9387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What my vet recommends delivered to my door. What more can a girl ask for?
4487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves to chase the ball. It gives her goo exercise.
6127	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our 90 pound husky just had ACL surgery and I bought this so he could get in and out of the SUV.  It is a great ramp, easy to use, very sturdy, a cinch to unfold and very lightweight.  The tread is very good and provides for sure footing.  We have used it outside over a few steps for him and it has been left outside in the rain overnight.  It is plastic, so being outside doesn't hurt it and the water runs right off it.  I am really happy with it.
3067	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The smallest setting for the belt for this is still slightly too large. I wish it were a wider belt, too. Also, I have the lunge buddy assistant but unfortunately, I can't clip it directly onto the belt, it stil requires a longer lead than I like.
1681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog loves her "BILL", has not chewed & pulled it apart


9561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is willing to eat it. It has good ingredients. Good price for the quality of the food.
Hysterical!!!!!!!
377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best. I was skeptical about using a collar style rather than the liquid. But I'm on my second set of collars and find nothing on 2 very active outside farm dogs. Worth every penny.
639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great.  Very good purchase.  They arrived fully charged which was a pleasure!
I'm in the process of looking for another automatic litter box and the best so far seems to be Litter Robot. I'm doing more research but I think that's probably what I'll go with. The Cat Genie sounded like heaven until it actually went on the market. All I've heard are problems with the thing, plus I strongly dislike any system that requires you to continue buying their refills (like Scoop Free and Cat Genie).
2502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got Lamb Chop for my Spitz mix because she only likes soft plush toys that fit in her mouth. I didn't realize that it would immediately become one of her all time favorite toys. I would say it's her second favorite out of a whole basket of toys. The lamb is always present and when she's playing with it she isn't a 9 year old dog but a pup again. i hope they never stop making this, because I'm sure I'll be buying back ups. Great toy and the squeaker isn't too obnoxious either. I can't speak for it's durability because my girl isn't an aggressive chewer, but it has held up to considerable nibbling on the ears and eyelashes.
3163	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	She fought me daily on this one.  Something about it just made her not want to eat it.  I did notice it smelled different than the one I'm giving her now.  This one was a morning battle every day.

7608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very good
7505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Labrador Retriever enjoyed this toy. He still on occasion will play with it even though it is half gone. My sons smaller dog comes over and picks this one up and chews on it for hours.
2168	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is a real favorite with my puppy.  Her mouth is small so the fact the hooves have squeakers in them make it so much more fun.  She really likes to throw herself at it and wrestle it like it's another puppy.
3773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hands down the best poop bags. Have tried many many different types. Main perks of this product are:
9863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price and quality
5879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Everything as expected. Thanks!
SUGGESTIONS:  If you purchase one of these swap out the screws if yours has the same issue mine does.  Additionally, before you put in the threaded rods into the vertical tubes, mark the approximate location of how far into the tube the threaded rod will need to go (masking tape would work) and then spin on the fitting while holding the rod in a horizontal position.  If you try to spin that while it is vertical it will take you forever.

4926	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Does what it says it does
6012	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these and her breath is much better now.  I give her one each morning with her kibble.
9316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this.  Thank you
3118	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My 35 lb. springer spaniel mix is a brutally aggressive chewer.  She slaughtered this lamb in ten minutes or so.  I bought this toy based on the strong reviews as a last attempt to see if a soft toy could stand up to my dog.  This toy faired no better than any other stuffed toys I have purchased.
9659	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Having a Rottweiler, I need durable chew toys that cannot easily be destroyed. Kong products are exactly that. If Kong could develop a tire larger than the one they sell now; my dog's toy collection would be complete.
The price for an 18. lb. bag of dog food isn't too bad for a product of this quality, however, we have 3 dogs and they will go through this bag quickly.  If you are on a budget and/or have more than one dog, this food isn't very affordable.  We have to follow a budget for our pets, and feed them what we can afford, knowing that the cheapest grocery store brands of dog food are full of grains & meat by-products that cause allergy related skin & coat problems and can contribute to overall weak immune systems and poor health.  For us, finding a middle-of-the-road priced dog food that is somewhat affordable is a constant challenge.
/~~~~~~~~~\
ADDED PLUS FOR THEIR DIGESTIVE SYSTEM.
(6 Piece Large Medium small Plastic Can Cover)...for the small cans and they fit perfectly!
1455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product surpassed my expectations quite abit, I would highly recommend this item to all enthusiasts and tell them this is a VERY good dollar value and was delivered on time in the CHRISTmas season. Wow ! What a wonderful retail experience.

6224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this cat litter because my cat doesn't end up scattering it all over the place and as long as you scoop put the soiled areas periodically it keeps the fact that you eben5have it low profile
7854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this cat food.  Wish she would eat all of the meat instead of mostly the gravy and only a bit of food.  I like to spoil her so will continue to buy.
2305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lambchop is so cute. My dogs love to play with him.
5600	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I cannot say enough good things about this! I have a hyper active, super energetic 8-month lab retriever and no matter how much I do in a day to exhaust him, it's not enough. Enter Chuck-it, which is like a godsend. It helps that he loves fetch but if your dog isn't ball obsessed, this may not be for you. But mine is, thankfully. It was nice to have a ball come with the ball launcher and it is a nice bright orange, which makes it easy to spot. The ball launcher has an intuitive design and fits my hand perfectly. It took me a while to understand how to use it properly and for the first few days, I couldn't achieve the distance I would have liked to. But once you get how to use it, it's easy! The ball goes pretty far out and that makes the dog run, run, run... and tire himself out. This makes him come home and pass out and that is very good news for me. I would've liked to get the Chuck-it ball, instead of the tennis ball version that came with it but it will do for now. My dog loves this and this may be the best decision I may have made when it comes to getting him toys!
3479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best. They take an annoying job and greatly improve the experience.  It is worth the money to have the extra strength and barrier between me and poop. They came nicely boxed. Fast shipping.
9592	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties absolutely love this food and I'm happy because chicken is the first ingredient. For those that don't know, the healthiest, best quality cat foods start with the main source of protein as the first ingredient in the ingredient list. I've never seen my kitties love a food as much as this one. Purina, please don't change the product at all..will be reordering indefinitely!!
The ramp has two rubber strips running the length of the ramp in addition to the horizontal plastic ridges so the puppies don't slip.
9125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My gang loves it!

6613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Simba and Cookie go crazy when the Mail lady drops off packages especially when they see the bright box of Friskies.classic pate..They each have their favorite.that they Love
6262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had seen this toy many times, but finally got one and my 4 cats all love it.  I never would have thought that a simple toy like this would interest them.  It has a very smooth and fast movement on the rolling ball and the scratcher is used by my cats too.  You can get the replacement scratcher boards easily.
Glenda
News Cat Litter early December 2013. In three months I still have a

3727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Forget any other poop bags, these may be a tad more expensive but i won't be retrieving with anything less ever.

5417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for that tired arm, gives plenty of exercise and the pups love it, well made and seems durable, should provide many years of play
3837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I typically pre-treat most stains prior to carpet cleaning.  This is a ok pre-treat but I like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-Tough-Stain-Pre-treat-for-Carpet-Upholstery-22-oz/dp/B00006IV1N/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL Tough Stain Pre-treat for Carpet & Upholstery, 22 oz</a>&nbsp;better.  I have beige carpet and this cleaner seems to occasionally leave a residue that leaves my carpet with a pink tinge.  I've been able to remove the substance by waiting until the spot dries and going over the spot with the carpet cleaner a second time.  For lighter carpets, I would recommend the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-Tough-Stain-Pre-treat-for-Carpet-Upholstery-22-oz/dp/B00006IV1N/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL Tough Stain Pre-treat for Carpet & Upholstery, 22 oz</a>.
3384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After switching from cheap-o junk to Advantage in November 2010, I can tell you that there's virtually no reason I'd use anything else. I think the only reason I'd  use something else would be to alternate with Frontline, since I've read that alternating the pesticides helps reduce the chance of the fleas becoming resistant. Haven't done that yet but Advantage/Advantage II have worked wonderfully. After getting a nasty flea infestation under conrol in Nov/Dec 2010, I haven't seen any fleas, nor any signs like out-of-the-ordinary scratching. I even stretch the applications from every month to every 6 weeks to save money. I saw some alarming side effects from the cheap drops but haven't seen any issues in the cats with this stuff. It has really paid for us to spend more. As much as I'd rather use something natural (totally useless here), we love this stuff!
1111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Holds poop.... what more to say?
7346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it
698	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Top quality nippers at a low price.  I am very pleased with these nippers.
3164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has helped my dogs
2879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	so cute!  My dog likes it so much I can no longer find it.  I think he buried it somewhere, as he does with all his favorite items.
1467	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic basic, streamlined month-at-a-time planner.  We received this free to try from the Amazon Vine program and we use this for our family calendar.  The boxes are perfectly sized to fit all the kids activities (and ours) in.  The format is clean and crisp and makes it easy to focus on what the most important events for the month are.  I have no complaints.  This is a great product.
8283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats really like the Friskies

6733	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When we first got our 8 week old Aussiedoodle, we tried mixing this in with his hard food.  He would only look the soft off of the hard food because he thought it was so delicious!  We were actually advised by vet to stop with the soft food for awhile, until he starts better eating the hard food.  We still have plenty and plan to start giving him more after a few weeks.  All in all, he LOVES it and we LOVE the ingredients!
2200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my pet's favorite toy. Even though he has bitten threw/destroyed several sound boxes, one hangs in there and he continues to enjoy this for over a year now!
2603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	someone dumped a blind dog here and i was at my wits end... he LOVES this toy!!!!  And I Don't mind Mister Bill's "Ohhhhhhh noooooo!!' it's always funny every time LOL  thank you for this!  Ordering another just in case... but it sure seems VERY durable even for an Anatolian Shepard... teeth like a tazmanian devil.  He broke it with his massive teeth within an hour... he is too smart and can figure out where rattle/noisemakers are and -purposely- broke it.  That's ok, I ordered another.  It was worth the price for his entertainment!  But it would be nice if they could build a super durable chip/box that can stand up to a lot of hard chewing with big, gnarly teeth.
4151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love the Chuckit products, using a tennis ball. The ball that is included pops or unravels in minutes, and the quality of the ball has gotten worse. On the other hand, the handle lasts for years (unless your Lab gets hold of it). I keep one near the front door, and one in each of my vehicles. I contacted Chuckit and they said they would replace the balls. I filled out the paperwork, sent pictures, and they blew me off. (No customer service.)

2211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cute toy. Quite large and really soft
452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I like that I don't have to feed my dog a dangerous pill. My dog used to always get ticks and he hasn't had one since I bought this collar. It actually repels them. It is amazing
2944	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Although this is really cute, it didn't last longer than a few hours.  But that's because my dog is very destructive.

65	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	like the book a lot. thank you for your fast service.
I've read through the reviews and the unhappy experiences several people have had with it, but neighbor Shirley and myself have had no trouble at all with our units.  The cleaning isn't at all that difficult (does help to follow printed instructions...taking the thing apart as one person apparantly did isn't necessary).  The waste receptacles shouldn't need replacement more often than once every month or so.  And while the unit does make some noise, neither of us have found it excessive or particularly annoying.
7601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love the dino chews!  We ordered two and got the same shape. Our dogs like the unique shape and bumps on the animals.  We do keep these toys as supervise only so they do not over chew or cause damage to their teeth.  As a bonus, the price cannot be beat!
6918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it
887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat loves this stuff .

6756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my cats' favorite foods!
9086	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats like it..that's all that counts.

2313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cute

4159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love their new toys :)
293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love it!
8631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat seems to be very happy with this particular moist cat food.
It's worth every penny they want for it.  The only thing I could suggest was offering it in more colors.  The blue is nice though.  The silver is almost reflective and really makes it look high end.
6195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	she was getting kinda lazy and chubby, when i got her on this, she was more active, running the wheel, and slimmed down quickly!
4489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and I love this! My arm does not get tired from throwing a ball and the ball is thrown much further than I can throw it! It would be nice if these product came with an extra ball for free because the ball gets dirty quickly.
9496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy, our pit/lab mix loves it.  Indestructible so far.
8960	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Lovely little bites but puppy doesn't like it???????
Pay attention to the sizes listed: extra-small is really small, best for only the tiniest toy breeds or for small puppies. Medium will work for most dogs, but if your dog is a shredder, loves to destroy plush toys only get the large sizes.

2899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is the third one I have gotten of these.  It was my tea cup yorkie's first toy.  She doesn't play much with any of the others I have bought her.  She LOVES her bear!! the first one got kind of soggy so washed it...washed great (take out the squeeker first)  the other two are my back ups for the day I cant fix the old one.

Nascar was after the mylar ball first, but then spent time climbing around on the CCAS, laying on it, scratching it and sniffing every square inch. He then went to play with the brown paper shipping material for a little while. By this time, Katy realized something was going on and came in to check it out. She was immediately on top of the CCAS, rubbing it, scratching it and enjoying it! Now, she scratched the opposite way than I thought she would... I thought she'd be on the floor and sort of drag down the cardboard. Nope! She sat on it at the back and scratched from the lowest part back towards herself! Oh well - as long as she likes it!
 Puppy does love it but all the goodies drop out faster than a smashed piata but if you use bigger chunks, they get stuck and need to wash you out.
2624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I didn't know this was a dog toy.  I didn't buy it for my dogs.  I saw it one day in a store and it cracked me up.  I didn't buy it then, I came home and ordered it some time later on amazon.com.  I bought it for my adult son for Christmas.  I will warn him not to chew on it.
1779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is going to date me but here goes anyway. This little guy reminds me back in the day of a show that had this little guy on it and his name was Lamb Chop. My dog loves him and so do I.
It is cat food after all.
6930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Should have read description
2602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This may be the best of all the Mutipet toys! Previously gave great reviews of others, but this one never stops! They bite it,  step on it, sit on it and hide it from each other. It always gives itself away tho with its "OOOOONNNOOOOOO!!!!" I keep 2 around here and have given several to friends. I think it's particularly popular with those of us who remember Mr Bill, but it sure translates to the dogs!
7946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppies like this
Always on time so I don't have to worry about running out.
Good pet feeder
5113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So happy with this purchase! This product couldn't be designed any better. No mess pickup, EXTREME distance, and sturdy quality... all for an outstanding value! My pup loves it!
7753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this....and so do we!  Miki has been having problems for over a year with the skin just outside of her tear ducts getting red, then raw...poor thing.  Each time I'd take her to the vet, (2 different vets just to see), they  both prescribed the same eye drop medicine ($27.00) for a tiny bottle.  But, it never cleared up entirely, and the minute I'd stop with the drops, after weeks of applying 2-3 x's a day, it would come right back. Looking at her made me feel terrible.
5369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the second "Chuckit Classic" I have purchased because it is such a good buy!  I have a pit bull and he now thinks I'm Tom Brady!
But everything else is all positive. My dog is 8 years old and it was getting more difficult to jump up on the sofa, he would get stiff a lot and have to stretch before moving and he didn't run as much and couldn't walk very fast either.
4928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Saves my arm and keeps my lab entertained for hours.  Works great this plain old tennis balls too.

2236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's favorite toy... I have gotten more that I can count...

9531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats seem to like it, they are very picky!
3767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These Mutt Mitts are the best!  I first became aware of them when they were provided by the Doylestown Township,PA, for dog walkers in Doylestown's Central Park to dispose of their dogs waste.  These Mutt Mitts are strong and clean to use and I highly recommend them<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mutt-Mitt-100-Percent-Degradable-Dog-Waste-Pick-Up-Bag-200-Count/dp/B00032HGKW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mutt Mitt 100-Percent Degradable Dog Waste Pick Up Bag, 200-Count</a>. I always tie a few to my dogs' leashes so we're ready for "pick up" at any time!  Wish more dog owners would use these Mutt Mitts to clean up after their dogs!
6908	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food. Not the best analytically, but decent ingredients and they seem to do well (I supplement with canned and fresh food as well.)
3019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This works great for running with my dog.  I can also attach a normal leash to it when I run with both my dogs.  The quick release is very helpful when the dogs get tangled up.
8503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Mama cat and Little Bit enjoy this food; but as their style some is left behind for the other cats in the area.
5666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can't have a dog that chases the ball and not own this. It is very durable, throws the ball way futher than I could manage with my arm, and best of all you don't have to touch the ball when it is all slobbery and covered with mud and grass. I love this thing!
7205	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	lab puppy loves
9757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used several litters for my cats. Love this as no dust to contend with. Cats seem to really like it too!
5657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The "Chuckit" ball launcher has been a godsend and probably has saved my dog from injury on a number of occasions. Sounds like an odd testimony indeed, but I have a very sociable and trusting whippet and whippets are possibly one of the two fastest dogs on the planet.  Before Jack was interested in chasing a ball, he would only want to entice dogs to chase him at the dog beach or dog park. Consequently, there have been dogs who became aggressive during the chase and have lain in wait for him to run by and have nipped and toppled him to get him under control.  I realize this had to stop.  So I bought a Chuckit and Jack was hooked immediately.  Now he could care less about dogs chasing him - he is happy to greet them - but he does NOT want to be chased any longer.  He is so addicted and hyperfocused on the ball.  And IF a dog at the beach or park starts chasing him once I have "chucked" the ball, when the dog catches up with Jack, he just comes to a dead stop and will not let the dog chase him.  Additionally, in two instances recently, I was able to use my chuck it to ward off dogs rushing towards us, off leash, with no owner in sight.  They stayed clear of the crazy lady with the orange stick!  So, it has been miraculous for us.  Jack's brother is NOT interested in the ball and he has already had surgery for a serious dog attack - dogs chasing whippets - whippets with very thin skin and skin tears easily.  I love my Chuckit launcher.  But I ONLY buy the ULTRA balls which are orange rubber with a blue contrasting stripe because they bounce so nicely.
1514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog suffers really bad allergies and while the source is not readily identifiable, we've been doing our utmost in trying to give him some relief.  One source has been a tea tree oil shampoo (made for dogs) which drastically has reduced his itching every time we give him a bath.
Not any more!  I can probably throw the ball 250 feet now, and my dog is huffing and puffing in a few minutes!  I usually play with two balls, one she is fetching, and the other is ready to go when she comes back.  She wasn't very fond of the tennis ball that comes with the launcher, however I ordered some of the orange chuck-it balls and she's doing well with those.  You'll definitely need a large open area to use this though!
8009	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buy these all the time....you get a huge box, so I separate it into small plastic containers.  Dogs love them. Easily break in half for
I am ordering one of the rocking style units and returning my second unit.


9183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pups love them too much. So go easy. They won't want their other food.

3332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	happy will order again
7853	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have nothing against this food. However Charlie my cat would not touch it.

Get one of those little dustbin brushes and brush out the litter in the track every now and again.
7107	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it
4915	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Gives the dog the exercise she needs and travels a long distance easily.
 My childhood dog also had this toy and loved it too, so I think it is great overall [my childhood dog and current dog both are between 15-20 pounds]. If anything happens to this, I will be reordering because it is SUCH a great value!!! No complaints!

3364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Product works well to kill all fleas on cats that seem to stay indoors. For outdoor cats there are still some fleas left, just limits the population on outdoor cats. Doesn't kill all the fleas on them.
1384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like this planner but I really liked the one I found last year better but this is the correct size I was looking for and I like the way the months are displayed.
3277	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Just go to the vet and get the good stuff. This is a waste of money, like most over the counter "tape" de-wormers. Went to the vet after this "treatment" and had instant complete results. These tabs did nothing.
1844	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves Lambchop. She carries her everywhere.  We actually have 2 as it is her favorite toy and I wanted to make sure nothing happened to it.  Lambchop is still in one piece.  It seems to hold up well.  There are 5 squeakers one in each foot and one in the body.  My dog is a husky but she is careful with her toys.  Will probably get her another one for Christmas as they get really dirty looking.  I'm tempted to throw it in the washer and see if it survives.
4296	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for our German Shepherd. Now if only we could get him to drop the ball on command...

2427	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Made it two days with my 10lb morkie. Now it's missing it's arm and the other arm is hanging by a thread. Why don't they know this and use stronger thread? Cheap crap. She did love it while it was intact though.
5044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now I don't have to pick up the dirty ball with my hands at the dog park! Love it
1763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great dog toy. Our pup loves his "lamb-y"!
6124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my Bernese Mountain Dog. Since they are prone to all types of joint issues, I thought I would start early trying to protect him. Diesel is 8.5 months old. I have a Dodge Diesel 2500 pick up and they are quite tall. Diesel never wanted to go in by himself so that would leave me to hoist his large 80lb butt into the truck. Then after jumping down he would sometimes limp and was always very nervous about jumping out. So this ramp fixed all that. After receiving it I set it up into the truck and called him into the garage. He looked at it, grinned at me and up he went,then down,then up...you get the picture. I know this is not the correct way to train, but when Diesel's in the mood he catches on real quick. He loves rides so he is always impatient for me to set it up so he can get in the truck. But he does manage to wait with great distress. He climbs quickly up the ramp and I am happy that it has a non-slip surface that is permanent not stuck on, and the sides remind him not to step off. It fits ok on the lip of the underneath part of my truck seats if the seats are in the upright position. It's tight but it fits. This thing is heavy when you are trying to unfold it and hold onto a large puppy. The weight is the only downfall, but it's also what makes this sturdy and built so well. The pinch factor is always there too, but if it bends it goes to reason it can pinch you. Be careful and you should be fine. All in all it's a great ramp and remains sturdy while in use.
2130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves these Lamb Chop toys. She has one in each size.
9267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a decent size, but I would not call it giant. Only have one cat, so it lasts a day until it needs to be scooped
6950	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	They're messy, but then they're soap bubbles so you can't expect anything less.  They definitely seem to work better than the last brand we got, which popped almost instantly and it was almost impossible to start them from the stick.  Your mileage will vary depending on your household companions, though.  The older cat seems enamored of these, and will chatter at them as they float. The younger cat is scared of his own shadow and these don't help.  He'll watch them only from a distance and is content to get no closer.
1954	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Durable yet adorable.  Our pup loves this. Has a sqeaker too.
8094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Put the twinkle ball that lights up in it....Nyx the cat rolled that thing back and forth all night!
2804	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loves these for all of 3/ minutes and then the squeaker breaks. Someone who makes this with a squeaker that lasts will be rich.
Definitely keep a bottle on hand just in case.
2065	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted so much to give this 5 stars but my dogs had it in shreds in 30 seconds. Ears went first then the head and all the stuffing. Not for dogs who chew, it is delicately built. Should have kept it as a decoration, it is really cute - was, I mean.
7769	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat is a bit picky. He won't eat pate and likes his food shredded or in bits. This 3 flavor variety was perfect for him. He likes all three flavors and enjoys the consistency. It isn't filled with the absolute best ingredients but I asked my vet and he said this brand was fine for my 8 year old cat and to also give him a supplement to be sure he gets all he needs. He's healthy and active. He does have a sensitive stomach so I have to give him only half of a can at a time or else he will eat the whole can and promptly throw it all up. If I give him less, he keeps it down fine. That isn't an issue with just this brand or variety of canned food - it is with all canned food. He overeats and can't keep his food down so I feet him smaller meals a couple of times a day and leave his dry food out and all is well. The price was good for this case and it was a lot easier than going to the store to buy it. I have just reordered another case.
9173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loved this, very durable for about 10 months :)
301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	too big for my chi. Product was nice though.
3606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt Mitts take a lot of the "yuck" out of picking up after my dogs. They are very thick, and I don't have to worry about the bag bursting. The bags hold a lot of "product", so I can pick up after both of my dogs with only one bag.
4652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the Chuckit. A real arm saver if you're in an wide open area. You can probably use it for smaller areas if you choke up on the chuckit.  Love it.
9412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	very large. a little bit high for my bunny but its ok.
4654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy loves the chuckit! A few months ago we were at a dog park and another owner had a ChuckIt with the glow in the dark ball in the launcher. After observing the other dogs he quickly caught on.
This is a great quality dog toy Amazon offers at a sweet price through the add-on program, so it's no wonder this is a very popular toy.  I don't really want to have the most popular dog toys since I guess I'm a hipster, but I've got some sentimental ties to that little sock lamb so it makes me happy.  The same sentiments go for Mr. Bill, though I got him long before and at a grocery store so that makes me cool.

I've been through many of these as my dogs love them.
8555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two 4 month old pups that are super finicky. it would take them an hour to eat the dry food and one of them wasn't finishing. I started adding just a little to each pups food and now they finish all of it in less than 5 minutes. Also it looks like real food not the mushy stuff you normally see in canned food.

121	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now my 3/8" sockets are nutdrivers.  The 3/8" female end makes this into a 10" extension to really tighten these bolts.  The handle is not as comfortable as my other 3/8" spinner, but being able to attach my ratchet more than makes up for it.  It's a very solid tool.
3713	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great bags!! Heavy duty - best bags out there!! Easy to remove from box and tie onto dog leash handle.
9008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats LOVE this toy - they play with it and hoard it as though it belongs just to them - but I bought it so it should be mine, right?
8888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves it. Of course he likes most food but he devours thus.
7879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
2521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog's favorite toy. I've heard "OH NOOOO" 4000 times at this point, and it keeps getting funnier every single time. well made too, hasn't even ripped yet.
9994	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't hate it, but Sir Purrsival (my Ragdoll master) totally rejected it!  We are not purring with this mush, aka pate' - that not only looks disgusting, but obviously my classy cat would have none of any of the varieties.  Yuck!
3747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No doubt about it, these bags make the responsible but rather unpleasant task of cleaning up after a dog much more tolerable. The typical ultra-thin bag makes the process a little too intimate. These are like wearing thick gloves...
7835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Feral cats love it!
4765	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	More than just getting in a good throw, this product is great so you don't have to pick up really nasty, muddy balls at the dog park : ) It's a great price and a great size
9347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Seeing as my dog eats it I'm not sure if I can accurately rate it. She doesn't punch me when I pour it into her bowl so I figure that's worth a good rating.
5841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Started giving my precious 6 year old female Doberman Nutri-Vet Hip & Joint Advanced Strength Chewable Tablets for Dogs
1469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this monthly planner. It's pretty simple. Each two page spread is a single month. There is a good size margin in the inside of the calendar so none of the days are too close to the spine. There is a strip to the right of the calendar for notes. Major holidays are listed. Depending on how the days fall, there may be one or two split boxes for days that don't fit. The calendar is tabbed to help you quickly turn to the right month.
2697	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Smooth Transaction and a nice product. Thanks
9083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So cute! And great shape for dogs to chew on.
I've had a LitterMate (the larger size) for almost a year now and think this is the next best thing to sliced bread. we liked it so well, we've recently gotten the regular sized one as well since the cats were giving the one we had such a workout.
7650	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	but it's not totally inspiring for her.  that being said, she's a DOG and eats it.  we don't service the animals like we service our kids.
8804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size to hold the extra large disposable litter box.  Due to health issue it has become difficult to periodically wash the litter pan.  This is a great solution.  The size is right for two cats.
8570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A+
170	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Delivery from Scrapbooking Alley was very fast. Their prices compared to a number of retailers is also very good and shipping is free with at least $50 in purchases or a very reasonable $5.95 up to $50.
3656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A must. The best
8920	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I had to change this review and add this photo to warn people. My dachund/rat terrier had been chewing on this thing for about a year, off and on. He has a lot of toys so he rotates. This last month it was his t-Rex and as you can see, he ate the things head clean off and was working on the tail.
3581	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Once you use these you cannot accept another style.  Very easy to open and use, makes clean up easy.
8044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat likes Friskies, but his digestion has a problem with it. I have no idea how this stuff tastes ( I am not that poor... yet ), but he chows down when I put some out. The problem is that even with a good dry and wet food mix, there is usually a cleaning up problem if you get my drift. so best to choose on the basis of your cats digestion, like anything cat related( especially since I am the cats sole staff person... as they say; dogs have owners ).

9888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pugs love this, they almost fight over it.. Guess I should have bought 3.  Don't step on it though, it looks like it would feel like stepping in a pile of legos.

2686	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs (Jack Russell Terriers) like small toys such as this one. The size is perfect, but the quality is poor. It sheds fuzz and is weakly assembled. You get what you pay for with this toy.
7532	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This dog food met all my expectations and the dogs inhale it. Even after just a couple of weeks, every dog's skin and coat had improved significantly. Ninety percent of the rescues I take in arrive with skin issues. Putting high quality canned food back into their diets is important for them.

3167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	From the point that our dogs they are about 5 yrs. old, we  use this product as a regular part of our their diet. This seems to help for our Lab's. Haven't had any problems so far.for years.on. It seems to help
7548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats LOVE this fine dining meal!!
So, with retrieve taught... for praise, small snack your dog may soon enjoy the game a lot. Use the game as a reward for  commands like 'wait', 'stop', down', 'sit', 'place'  (on a bench inside the court).
2380	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The original! Oh Noooo!
7388	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness makes such great products and I have been feeding this canned food with Core Weight Management dry food and my senior dogs love it and it is so good for them.
2009	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pups favorite has squeakers in all paws and belly
317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good quality harness just wish they had s color selection.

8398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this food for my Dog that just had puppies and she seems to love the stuff quite well. Hopefully the 11 little on s love the food as well as she does because the price is actually pretty decent compared to the stores in my area.
2618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these Multipet Sock Pal Monkey Dog Toys.  One for my mother's tea cup Yorkie and one for my Bichon Frise.  Both of these dogs just love this durable toy.  They carry them around like they are their baby dolls.  These monkeys are good size for a medium sized dog and even though the Yorkie is shy on ground clearance, he does a great job of toting and scooting his monkey around.  Great toys and I highly recommend it for all pets.
1387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know about anyone else but when you have a car and not an SUV it's very difficult to attach the bottom to anything on the underneath of your seat unless you have an older car. The newer Vehicles have nothing to hook the basic car covers on.
4854	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I must need lessons on throwing this because it just hits the ground.  I should have ordered smaller ball for my 18lb dog



2214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A squeaker is in each foot and in body.  My dog loves it as he enjoys the squeaks?
Still great for fetch!
3008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great leash.  We have coyotes where I live and wanted to be hands free at night in case of an attack.  I can carry a flashlight in one hand and a golf club in the other.  I also love the adjustable waist belt. It is very comfortable.

8689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	fast shiping my cats love the pate and its great for my older senior cats ...

8948	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is that toy bone may have a very flexible nylon bone, this would be a good chew toy for a puppy,,, or a smaller dog
5213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I held off on getting one of these because I thought it was just another cheap toy that would break or not function as advertised.  I was pleasantly surprised at how well the item is made.  Very strong and will last a long time.  Our Dog (a GSP) LOVES it!  Get some extra tennis balls, you'll probably need them.
3823	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use it to pre-treat my carpet in heavy stained spots, but it's also VERY handy for when my puppy has accidents here and there. Instead of cleaning my carpet all over again (no way, it takes too much time), I just spray this and clean it off. I think this works better than the concentrated 2X formula, not to mention its scent is even better. If you own a puppy or a pet that isn't fully housebroken yet, buy it. You'll be glad you have something that cleans your carpet easily and fast without the use of a cleaner.
68	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nutri calm works great, my puppy does love it and so I love to use it to give to my puppy. puppy actually becomes calmer within few hours after it. almost no smell
4582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and throws far easily! It also lasts a long time and can be used with any chuckit! Balls tennis balls!
1) Strength: The strength of this band is exceptional. With the exercises that I do, it gives me plenty of resistance that does not change each time I use it. I can't wait until I get strong enough again where I can get more dynamic with this band.
7023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats are 16 and 17 and have been eating Friskies all of their lives. It's tempting to want to give them nice fancy $3 a can Wellness, but they love it and seem to do well on it.
802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Christmas items, already gone
1184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I gave 5 stars because i've had three Litter Maids over about 12-13 years and have always been very grateful not to have to clean the catbox--i was able to forget about it for at least a couple of weeks at a time, sometimes much more. I have only one small cat.  You can't beat not having to think about the catbox, it's almost like not having one at all--compared to the old fashion litter box.
8627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cats love it
495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked great on my dog all season!!!
8466	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	was not what I expected, dog does not even like it that much
That said, we quickly learned that trying to amuse my 1-year-old niece by having Mr. Bill dance and yell out "oh noooooo!!!" caused her to run away screaming in terror...which was itself bizarrely funny.
675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can only say that my Great niece & Great Nephew loved all of the Rokenbok toys! Since they are out in Oregon, I can only listen to my Nephew & Niece.


7819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't eat this food so I can't say that "I" personally love it-  it but my 16 year old sick kitty thinks it is better than sliced mice.  He had basically lost his appetite and was very fussy and when I tried one of these cans he was THRILLED with the taste and texture (and he has very few teeth left).  We are very happy that we found something that he will eat and enjoy.  Cats must eat no less than 18 hours or risk liver disease issues, so we are so relieved that he is definitely enjoying this food.
8798	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loves hard chew toys, but does not seem to like this product. He does like other nylabones, but I think the little ridges must hurt his gums. Every now and then he will carry it around in his mouth, but he never chews it.
9894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It is a very large pan. My two cats are a good solid 25 lbs. They do kick the litter out and I have to broom it daily but this seems to be the best solution for my giant kitties.
3499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  I only wish they made ones in a slightly larger size, but they're LIGHT YEARS ahead of the standard poop bags.
6937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  It should be carried by more retailers.
1400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Repeat customer on anything Blue Buffalo for the fur babies.  They love these - even one of mine with a finicky stomach.
5198	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My favorite dog accessory! I absolutely suck at throwing tennis balls for my dogs. I don't know why my dogs even enjoyed playing fetch before I bought one of these Chuck-It arms. Now I can play fetch for hours without my arm getting tired, and the ball soars through the air like never before. Everyone who sees me with this thing wants one of their own after watching how awesome it is.
9852	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I always buy Science Diet for my dogs.  They look healthy and have nice coats.  Wouldn't buy any other brand!
8918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great, Strong, DURABLE chew toy!
9633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Smells good (as far as a litter box can) clumps well, cats like it and it does the job.  Just clean box daily
7669	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Another favorite treat of my finicky pets who turn their noses up on almost all dog treats.
Like I said, we've swapped out brands constantly. With three full time family members and a consistent pack of foster pups, trying to strike a balance between price and what the dogs like is rough.  They say you get what you pay for, but you can pay twice this much for some of the stuff at the vets office and yah, supposedly it's best for your dogs but it's hard to tell.  So over time, we started trying mixing the expensive stuff with the cheaper stuff. We've tried going to all moist food before. We've tried using canned food only (much much too expensive).  All this experimenting caused some problems - after the dogs started getting the canned dog food mixed in with the dry food, they got to be picky eaters. So picky that they would turn their noses up when we didn't mix in canned dog food.  After not giving them canned food mixed with the dry for a few days, they'd get used to it and start eating the dry normally. However we got the first bag from Vines for free.  It just so happened that we ran out of canned dog food two days after this arrived and we gave them the really expensive **** mountain food we had.  They would turn up their noses and only come back when they were really hungry. On day 3 of that, we ran out and just used this.  They immediately scarfed it all down (no exaggeration).  We actually had a small problem with two of them trying to eat the other's food they liked it so much.  We held off buying canned food b/c it seemed this would suffice. And sure enough, they were just as enthusiastic about it each day.  After a week when we ran out, we had yet to reorder the Nutro so moved back to the **** mountain and unless it was mixed with canned food, they had the same 'meh' response to it.  The new bag arrived, we swapped it out and viola', no more picky eaters.
1862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
7072	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 5 year old male Shih tzu who is a discriminating eater. He doesn't eat everything and few things does he eat with gusto, except for this food. He has been eating it for several months and has maintained excellent health and a beautiful coat. The ingredients, which are items I understand,  appear to be natural and wholesome, which makes me feel good about feeding to him. Very pleased.
696	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This will probably be the only hoof clipper you ever need buy!  I can't imagine anything breaking or damaging it.
5188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Saved my arm!
3295	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have fleas!  Or, at least, they had fleas.  I have used over-the-counter, less expensive items (flea powders, flea collars, etc.) up to and including other topical products like this one, and nothing worked.  The flea collars were less than worthless - they actually caused patches of fur to fall out on at least one cat.  The powder was unwieldy, and the other topical applications (save one) did not work at all.
8126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy Loves it!
9026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	vwry good hard treat. herbs smell good in the bag. rosemary I sn't supposed to be good for dogs but my vet and I don't worry about a few treats a week of it. I mix with other treats in a kong.
8310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	i like it to the extent that my dog hasn't popped diarrhea and see her fur is healthy and shiny just the bits are small llike for small puppies
314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect and well made!!

3992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toys! Highly recommend.
5418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My french bulldog loves this.  It's the perfect size for little guys who don't/can't run to far.  I do think the purchase of the rubber chuckit balls are a must too!
This product seems to be working well!  He gets only about 2-3 of these little snacks a day as a diet supplement.  They do not break him and out they do not cause him to freak out (some high protein or high fat snacks wig him out and break his skin out).  These are good and I noticed his digestion is better and his poo is better, without the side effects I have seen in other dog snacks.  So its five starts thumbs up!
I was able to return without any hassle.
663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are well made metal jacks with a bouncy rubber ball, the same as the ones I grew up with 60 years ago. I bought a set to exercise my arthritic fingers, but my grandchildren enjoyed them so much that I will be buying additional sets before they visit again. Inexpensive sets which have inferior balls and plastic jacks are not worth the money; these definitely good value.
4533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	You chuck it, they catch it!

1615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been looking for a chew/treat that will last my Welsh Terrier longer than 5 minutes and I came across these. I like that these aren't all rawhide and that there is a soft chicken flavored center, which my dog loves. These take him about 15-20 minutes to eat and he's always very excited when I take 1 out of the bag.
5895	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work...my formerly lame dog now runs!  And he eagerly eats these, too.
470	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs still have fleas two weeks after getting the collars. For the price, I wish I had just got Nexgard pills.
7227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	the cats like this 'ok'; better when it's introduced as a treat from their reg diet.

7528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Will not order this again. I love the product but every single can was dented when it arrived. I trusted amazon to send me the product in good condition. Didn't happen. Very disappointed.
5782	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Solid construction.
566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Sun Conure likes it. She can also chew on it as if it was a normal wooden branch without any issues. However, the textured material / coating does come off as a result but it's no big deal.
1 either completely ignored
7219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVES these! They are great quality and offer excellent durability, even for the most difficult chewers. My dog rips every toy apart, but these are still staying strong!
6078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to setup and easy to load and unload my 75 lb black lab.  I'm a petite woman and find it fairly easy to setup and transport.
3212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Used these about four times so far and they seem to work. Once you figure out when to give it to them they do seem to work. The first time I gave them to my dog I gave it to her about a half hour before we left and she still got sick. The next few times I gave it to her about 15 minute before we left and that seemed to do the trick.
Since then, we've tried various flavor permutations of the adult recipes: lamb, turkey, chicken, liver, seafood, venison, duck, and salmon. Even one kitten recipe that fell into the basket by mistake (Chicken & Oceanfish Formula). All of them have been consumed with enthusiasm. We stand amazed; it's a new paradigm - for the moment.
979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boy LOVES these!  I like to give him one as a before bedtime treat when we run through a few learning exercises.  He is very focused, as he knows he will be getting one of these at the end our our lesson.  This is one of the few treats I've found that have this consistent enjoyment on his part.  The price is very good, too, as these are considerably higher at Petsmart or Petco.  Unfortunately the bacon flavored ones are $10 higher at the moment.  I'm hoping these stay the same low price!
4058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best for my little dogs. Love it. Dont leave home without it.
656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought For My 5 Year Old Son And He Said It Was His Favorite Birthday Present.
8037	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we went through 60 lbs of this with our Boston and she loved it.  She used to dance in the kitchen when she heard the kibble hit the bowl every morning.  Vet said her weight is perfect. I like that her poop is well formed and solid so I can clean it up on walks very easily.
1173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Working fine.  We have lost our cats recently and will no longer use it.  Will attempt to give to a deserving cat owner.
My cats have favorites and there was only one they didn't prefer. Otherwise, they eat it right up.

I don't think the sound is too obnoxious -- much quieter than a washing machine or vaccumm -- about equal to a dishwasher. I have the box in the laundry room next to the kitchen. If I hear it working, I say, "Thank God."
6121	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for our 50-pound dog, for use following surgery, to reduce the risk of post-op hernia.  Trained him on it prior to surgery, since he's used to jumping in and out of the van.  Dog navigated it just fine, even in post-anesthesia haze :-).  Also used indoors to get him on and off the grooming table.  All surfaces are coated, so there's nothing to scratch the vehicle's paint.  When folded, ramp kept closed with a coil spring, protected with a bit of clear tubing.  Simple solution that works just fine.  Notch in rails well-placed to carrying when folded.  Rubber pads help resist slipping off the bumper when the dog is walking the ramp.  Definitely recommend to dog friends.
425	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I'm sure that for some dogs this works great. My dog had a severe allergic reaction to it. Her face swelled up. Vet bills. I removed and threw away the collar immediately, and Amazon was kind enough to refund me the full amount paid. Just thought I'd let people know of the possibility.
we're pleased so far, since it works better than the trusty LM700 did. we just hope it lasts as long.
The plastic is pretty strong, I haven't had any issues with warping or snapping.
6381	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Through my research I found this brand to be the top recommended. I'm a little grossed out by the amount of jelly fat around the can. Other brands I've used didn't have that.

3689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these can't do without them- saw them in the walk area
6798	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We received a free coupon from Purina for a bag of Yesterday's News. We are used to using clumping litter and prefer "World's Best Cat Litter" over many others. This product is completely terrible. The product is messy and goes everywhere. Because it doesn't absorb or clump, the solid "pieces" even come out of the litter box and we are constantly having to pick up pieces of litter and "the other" off the floor. The product does nothing for odor control either. I do not recommend this product and luckily it was free because I wouldn't pay for another bag.

127	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great color...nice quality
4186	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I got these balls my dog loves them but they are no better than any other tennis ball, I got them hoping they would last longer he destroyed 2 in 24 hours I will forever stay away from tennis balls altogether. No my dog is not a giant beast.
1599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
4108	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these balls.

3708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are STURDY AND HAVE A DOUBLE THICK 'HAND AREA' WHICH IS GREAT if you have a larger than average dog!
1297	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I had the unit for about 4 weeks before it broke completely. The rake would continually get clogged from the clumping litter, even with daily cleaning. Sometimes the unit would cycle on and off all night, very noisily, until I put a timer on it to turn off at night. It was very diffult to clean, even with daily inspection.


7639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Have two cats. One cat eats it, the other won't after vomiting it a few times. Not sure why that is except might be due to the age of one cat (18).
 I bought the twinkle replacement ball that flashes on & off, which is made specifically for this, & she absolutely LOVES it (I included pics and a vid with the twinkle ball incase anyone is interested!
4018	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little dog loves these and go great with the throwing piece
8444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great food but my dog won't touch it
7129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves it, just mix some wellness dry food with it and they LOVE it.
I find it very useful since I am a wheelchair user with an assistance dog.  The hands free leash allows me to keep the leash out of the wheels in a simple fashion.
2811	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Way smaller than expected. Cost me 1.89. Not worth my time to drop it off for less than 2.00.
6818	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My three cats love it. They like the ball, they like the scratcher, and one of them even likes to sleep on it. The only down side is that it's already ripping up and I only gave it to them a few days ago.
3161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been giving these to my 6 year old Shepherd.  I went to advanced strength because I noticed he's still pretty stiff getting up after being on the regular strength for several months.  He really likes the taste of these.  It's just like a treat for him. So I've no complaint about these, I just don't think they were strong enough for my dog.  Hopefully the advanced strength will work a little better.
6680	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs would not eat them due to the taste.
4248	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a friends dog and he LOVES it.
8325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I mix this with Diamond Maintenance 50/50 to help put some weight on my dogs when needed.  I just wish the prices were more stable.  Sometimes I see it listed in the $40 range then all of a sudden it's $70.
The only reason why it got only 4 out of 5 stars is because the belt does slide down if you don't have a decent size rear to hold it up.

5395	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Its great, but have to be careful how the ball is flung.  The dogs only have a 150 ft radius from the house, so easy to put the ball out of their area.  (I own 10 acres but cannot find a better wireless fence.)  Had a smaller one in the city, and the ball went into the back yard of the neighbors 5 housed down.
9424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good nutrition. My terrier liked this one for 2-3 weeks and that's really good. She tires of most of them after 2-3 days.
4583	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well, but compared to my smaller one, this one throws much higher in the air compared to farther.
7170	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog just don't care for it.
It's not round like the pictures kinda imply.  Honestly the seller has horrible pictures of this item.  In person, this bag is soooo much neater!  It's square, very sturdy, and super cool.  I'd recommend this to anyone who remotely loves bags like this.  It would even work WONDERS for beach going (sand slides through the mesh!) or someone dragging a lot of camera lenses around etc.
5077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this as a welcome puppy gift for a friend recently.  Our Lab absolutely loves her XL Chuckit!! She insists on taking it out with us every time we go out the door. Saves your shoulder and arm while able to give  your dog a good fun play time!! I Highly reccomend this you will get Great ball distance with little effort on your part and your dog will love you for it!
Additional features such as a 3 year reference, future planning pages, space to list contacts, room for notes, space to list events by month, and a list of dates when holidays fall through 2019.  The planner is quite thin in spite of these additions to the calendar.  An elastic band holds the planner closed.  The cover has a nice feel to it, very smooth and a little soft.  While it doesn't have the sturdiest construction, it does seem able to hold up to one year of use just fine.
4180	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This worked well the first 10 minutes and then the bail quickly deteriorated and broke in half.  Amazon generously replaced it and again, in ten minutes, the ball collapsed. The launching stick can only be used with specific sized balls which means that you cannot replace the tennis ball with more common sturdier tennis balls.
Neither will touch the other's food. I don't know why this should be. She does seem to have more hairballs than he does. I brush them both.
Google my name to Learn more......
9971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our dog loves this dental toy and it has proven to be very durable. a well thought of product. aloha and mahalo from hawaii.
Why, the AAFCO even has an annual meeting. I'll bet that's a debauch.
2346	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Battery was dead!  Never heard a peep out of him!  OH, NO!  Mr. Bill!
8633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kittens love it
5852	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love em! AND they are approved by the National Animal Supplement Council. That's important since many pet supplements do not contain the actual amount of the active ingredient that they list and the NASC is an independent organization that confirms the labels. The FDA doesn't regulate pet supplements at all. Quite a lot don't meet their label's claims. These biscuits probably do actually contain 500mg of glucosamine each.
8652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we love our pate's, they eat it all up, it provides the moisture they really need, the better brands that are grain free, or more nutritious if they don't get eaten, it doesn't help and cats need the moisture, dry food is not enough, older cats suffer kidney failure due to lack of moisture and good nutrition. I feed a high quality dry food grain free, and mix my Friskies with a higher quality can, we mix it up a bit. they love their Friskies.
She is small at 53 lbs. and I give her one tab every morning. She runs with me too and during some of my pre-race training while ramping up the speed/distance of our runs I have doubled her dose to 1 tab 2x/day.

3139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product is a great buy! I decided to check Amazon.com after the vet recommended a joint supplement for our 40lb shepard mix. The product they recommended was very expensive, I thought anyway at $60 for 90 pills. This was probably one of the first ones to come up, but with the strong reviews (even with complaints about the taste) I decided to give it a go. Turns out my dogs ***LOVE*** these pills!!! It's probably their fav treat! So I'd say give it a chance, you might find your dogs actually love this product!
Wellness has great food. I will continue to feed Jasmine wellness canned food for her whole life.
1076	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We finally (between my husband, my son and me) finally got this thing stretched over the plastic frame, but it tore on the seam at one of the corners.  You have to lift up the heaving litterbox to put inside of it--it won't slide in or out over the connecting rods in the bottom.  Soooooo, you can imagine how easy to clean it is--NOT!  A two piece design with the top that would fit over the box with a bottom sheet that snapped onto the top piece would be a better design.
6081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to move and use
8951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat, Harriet,  loves Friskies Pate.  She won't eat any other canned cat food!!
2814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this.  They run around with it and haven't ripped it to shreds.  Even though they have only had it a week it has already lasted longer than most toys.  I have 4 very aggressive chewers.
4604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog, Zoey, fully approves and appreciates this launcher.  I can throw the ball even farther for her now and that is a winner in her book.
9808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Perfectly fine kitty litter.
9494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dog is an aggressive chewer; this works well; she has not torn it up.  I put pork rinds inside, and often she can't get them out and after a while, she gives up.  That's the only reason I have it 4 stars.  However, she does chew it and has not torn it up :)
I have to get rid of the rest of this large bag, a little at a time. I won't buy it again.
The only side effect I have noticed is my Maltese dog's long moustache and beard turn yellow after eating this supplement sprinkled on his food.
3) Hold 1 super poop or both poops from two dogs, easy.
9614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pooch loves it. My full time job is putting peanut butter in there for her
1301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was amazed to see some negative comments about littermate.
9557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The kitties love it - what more can I say?? Their basic diet is Science Diet dry food. This is their Treat food and they love it.
1833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He lasted 5 minutes and has had some stitching. I hate to sew
1970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best toy ever.  I am on the 2nd one for my dog.  The first one lasted a month before he killed it.
365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These collars work very well on our Great Pyrenees dogs. I worried that fleas or ticks might be able to hide in their heavy fur, but not when they're wearing a Seresto collar! It's been eight months, and no sign of anything, and our area is full of ticks! I ordered more collars for this year!
330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We bought it for our blind dog that runs on our farm so visitors will know she is blind and to watch out for her!
1549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the BEST Calendars by far, The calendar is made from Top quality paper, the dual pockets are great for bills, school papers, medical appointment paperwork. I have used them for at least 5 years now. My favorite it the Butterfly Calendar
One month later after application there are new fleas in my home. This may be a transference from me going outside or from her. I can't really tell.
8599	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately our 10 lb 10 month old puppy wanted NOTHING to do with these treats.  They're hard crusty treats.  She eats just about anything and it was a surprise when she rejected them entirely.  We found a soft baked treat that she prefers. We obviously opened the bag so they can't be returned.
6370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great litter for ferrets :)
8122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My vet deems it to be the healthiest thing to feed my kittens, but they aren't all that enthused by the flavor, and don't eat it all in one sitting. The dry seems to go ever well though.
3544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt Mitts only way to go.  Thick and big
9660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very big for our 7 month puppy but she likes it.  Wish they made one a little smaller for medium sized dogs.  She does enjoy chewing on it though.
5428	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually bought this to toss fly balls to my son. My arm is just not able to throw the long high ones anymore. This works great. I can toss towering pop flys and have him run back to the fence for them. Fit's a regulation hardball.
Boy was I wrong.  Can a Chuckit launcher be more fun than a barrel of monkeys?  Unfortunately, I have no basis for comparison but I CAN say it is the most fun (or funest if  you liked the intentional title gaff) both the dog and I have ever had.  He can go full speed retrieving long throws for 10 or 15 minutes before the "all done" command is issued and, rather than returning, he flops down in some shade.  But, like Chinese food, in two hours he is back begging for more!
1568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	replacement. first one lasted 10 years
4291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the third of its kind. Toby wears them out, I swear that dog would fetch a bowling ball if I threw one with this launcher! This size (26M) fits a standard tennis ball.
7524	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cats don't like it.  All 3 leave it sit there.  Even the feral kitty walks away from it.
384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well.  This is my 2nd year with these and I have not seen a flea.  Topicals had stopped working for me after many years.
We have tried the new version two different times and both times my cat got very ill (bad diarrhea and then quit eating for nearly a full week and very lethargic each time, which resolved right away when putting him back on the previous version, also the only food he wants which is apparently no longer available.
3406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product works--my two cats are always free of fleas and ticks.  Once a month application offers complete protection.
72	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got it for my brother's dog, since she was having a lot of stiffness in her hindquarters. It has helped.
6745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great low calorie, palatable wet food.  I use it to get my picky older dog to eat his kibble.
The fact that this is an add on item and came fairly cheap is that much better.

3310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
7648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	...but I find it too sticky out of the fridge. It smells good, and it agrees with my dogs. I believe it's good quality dog food.  I only mind that the stuff left in the can turns too hard after the can was in the fridge.  Small change....


513	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these
5918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver. I am purchasing another one because it's working so well. I am a professional dog trainer, and all I can say is that the product is great, but that owners who do not know how to teach something to their dogs  probably should call a dog trainer for help with this if you are unsure how to proceed.
4558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not as long as I anticipated,  but as described.  Takes practice but will throw long distance.
3344	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the new design of the box, but I feel like it takes up more room now. The old package was slimmer and fit in my bag I keep my cat supplies it. But I do think this product will be better than FrontLine.
9036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pup enjoys it, lasts.
5535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have three Border Collies who love to play Frisbee and ball. I got tired of bending over to pick up the ball, this solves that problem. I can also lob it farther for them or make it bounce extremely high.
6218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Will order again!
4932	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used mine for 7 months every single day and my dog loves it!! It's easy to use and quite sturdy (we've had a few big dogs at the dog park take it from me and chew on me, still held up).  I'll definitely buy another one when this one breaks, but it looks like it'll last quite some time.
3698	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a large lab and these bags are big enough for me to be be able to clean up after him without risking getting anything on myself.  They are so much better than other bags I have tried and the free ones along the trails.
5609	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this product for playing with the pup in water (me on shore/pup in water). I can throw the ball clear across the lake if I wanted to - but losing the ball isn't the intention. :) It's also good if you have a large grassy area to play fetch in. You don't need to use any force when throwing, the stick does all the work. I'd actually feel sorry for a dog that had to retrieve the ball if you were genuinely trying to throw it as far as you could - I have no idea how far it could really fly if you hefted it. It takes a few tries to learn how to throw/fling/release, but once you've got it, it's easy as pie. Highly recommended for a retriever or any pup that's constantly dropping tennis balls in your lap.
8344	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What was expected.
5056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'd been wanting one of these for a while and was not disappointed! My pup usually runs out farther than I can throw and then has to turn around to come back for the ball..
4331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just bought this, and left it at the park one night by accident.  Someone took it so had to order a new one.  Both times they sent orange which is okay but the blue looks pretty. It really puts some distance on the ball.
6809	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Consistant quality
3738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	thick and have never torn... all that is required in a poop bag for me. Local dog park used this, and I got used to using them. Any other brand feels a little "less" to me now.
One of the many benefits of Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula; 18lb Bag is that it has never once become infested with columns of thousands of ants trailing into and out of it for weeks at a time as happened with another dog food brand that I may not -- because of certain judge's orders, name.  Also, in my experience it has never -- despite what some certain previous reviewers have suggested -- turned mystically into a ghost of a dog I used to love and hovered over the room for several seconds before resolving back into a bag of dog food.  Not once.  For all these these benefits I award yet another star for a total of five, but it is pricey.

  She is small at 53 lbs. and I give her one tab every morning.  She runs with me too and during some of my pre-race training while ramping up the speed/distance of our runs I have doubled her dose to 1 tab 2x/day.
4664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this because she gets to run more than if I throw the ball, plus there is less stress on my shoulder using this.  Win, win :)
8607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	mt cat's love it!
6467	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this Wellness Senior canned dog food for about 1 year. Yesterday I found a piece of rubber in the next to the last can I opened from a case of 12 cans. Unfortunately I do not know which of the three cases I ordered on the same day is the right case but I've included photos of the lot number, expiration date & UPC code. The piece of rubber is stretchable, about 2" long & about 1"-1 1/2" wide, black, see pics. I just want others to be aware of this. There's nothing in the ingredients that should be the color black so I'd not use it if you see this also.
5396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	now i can throw the ball far without hurting my arm! my husband loves it too. also we don't have t touch the gross bals at dog park!
5993	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This product was perfect for feeding our cat when we were away one weekend. We took to using it daily, just so he would learn to wait for the dish to advance automatically rather than whining at us. This worked really well for a month or so, but now it seems he has learned how to force it to the next segment - not sure how.
721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a dog leash similar to this and use it for our hyper puppy... it's great for keeping him in tow without him pulling my arm off!  My niece has used ours several times and loved it (she's 9 and wants to be a vet when she grows up).

8734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves this thing! Keeps him occupied all day
I have found that the Pre-Treat works great by itself to remove some spots.  It works great as intended (pre-treating), but I've used it to remove small pet food stains on rugs and it works great.  It smells pleasant as well.
9932	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	When I adopted my puppy this was the brand that she was being fed at the shelter and was also recommended by the vet. I was provided with 2 2-lb. bags when I adopted her, she was 10 months old, and so I needed just enough to get her through to 12 months. She seemed to enjoy the food and, after some research, while it's not the best brand in terms of ingredients, it is better than the grocery store bargain brands, so I still feel like a decent dog owner. Basically, I think this size is good for transition into adult food or even other brands if you wanted to switch.
790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just wish we could still get these! Our dog is allergic to chicken so we can't change to the other varieties.
1609	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm a professional chef so I'm a little choosy and snobbish about my knives.
151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute & functional
Overall, very pleased to have purchased this device, and consider it a "must have" appliance.
6005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's simple. It's useful. And the home and office have been accident-free since we got it. Also, people think it's hilarious that my dog uses a doorbell.

7469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazon is the only place I was able to find the beef & chicken recipe of Wellness in a 24 pack. My cats love this! But the problem is that 1 case isn't enough as I ordered the 3 oz can. They arrived in the same day which was fantastic because I really needed them. It's literally just 2 cases of a dozen cans each. I hope that I can find the 5.5 oz cans soon!
371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have used on my dog for years and it works well.
2233	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We've had this for about half a day. My puppy played with it for 20 minutes before finding a weak spot and killing the poor monkey. He never even had a chance.
8194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy, teacup poodle 2lbs, loves it! I just have to chop up the chicken a little bit for him but he loves the all the flavors!! Will continue to purchase
1385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is heavy duty.. it worked great on cloth seats.. on leather it is very slippery,I have to put some fabric under it to keep it from slipping. I don't use the part that connects to the front head rests. Doing so may alleviate the slipperiness. There are velcroed slots that can be used to pull a seatbelt through. All in all it is good quality and does the job.
5053	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Still using after a number of years. Needs balls that fit. ChuckIt balls work better than the pseudo or real tennis balls. For your obsessive pup.
3171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always check with the vet to be sure, the product worked great on my 2 small dogs, with a great price!!!
8186	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	my cats will not eat this food. I put it outside for the stray cats and they will not eat it either. I find it odd since the dry food I put out is eaten very quickly. I tried to return it or get a credit but this item does not qualify for that. I bought the beef and chicken formula. I am disappointed because this is the second or third organic/natural wet food I tried for them. They don't like any of them. oh, the dog will eat it though.
1055	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It's as well made as all the Droll Yankee products are, but this just provided a seat for the squirrels in our yard.
3385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was accidentally sent the wrong weight boxes I ordered for my cats flea drops. I sent a note to the company through my Amazon acct and they were very quick to respond and the correct weight boxes are on way to me at NC. I would not hesitate to do business with them again.
2669	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's really small for the price, but my brother's chihuahua loves it.
Would also recommend the mini-loppers; however, if you can only afford one set of loppers, get this one because it will handle the small stuff but also tackle the really thick branches. Absolutely love it!
On a side note I recommend using the Chuckit medium Ultra Balls because they are easy to clean and last longer than the fuzzy balls.
2089	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A super toy for my Schnauzer, but keep away from dog chewers as it is filled with small beads.
5704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	In love! So much better than using my straighter every day!
1125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked like a charm ;)
This is more work than a regular litter box.  Litter gets stuck in the grate, to the bottom of the box, ect.(and I did use "premium litter").  I would line the box that the litter scooped in with plastic bags to try to make it easier to dump.  That didn't work.  No matter what I tried it usually threw some dirty litter in my face!
8783	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat prefers this over most of the Fancy Feast mixes.
223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works for what it's intended. Definitely NOT as sturdy as expected, and it chips fairly easily. Priced too high for what the product is.
428	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These seem to be doing what they are intended to do,Great !!.
The rubber balls that are used with the Chuck It are sturdy and have stood up to the chomping of my dog's jaws--which have reduced other balls to rubble.
6139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for the bed
194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Went to Clicker Training Classes in my area. Wanted a refresher course for myself. Happy with this purchase, and the lessons provided.
In addition to being very sturdy, this bear is super cute.  I have a photo of the Dr. Noys teddy bear in the arms of my sheltie who was laying down, and it's a photo I'll cherish forever.
Here is the list of ingredients--
7420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't say *I* love it ... but my cat does!

7127	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this stuff.  I think hed give it five stars.  He cleans his plate easier with the pate vs the chunkier style.
2980	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pom is pretty laid back, so he doesn't shred most of his toys, and he loves-loves-loves this one. Family member with Duck and Frog. Squeak!!!
1901	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it
935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3-year old dog has been eating these since she was a puppy.  She likes to unroll them, eat the meat first, then chew on the rawhide.  These treats calm her right down when she starts acting crazy....I have them on automatic re-order because we can't live without them!
I, however, am NOT disappointed.  I use the mini most of the time and love how far I can throw the ball without my arm aching at all.  It was so easy to learn to use and with a little practice I am accurate enough to hit a tree (if I want to) with it so the ball goes exactly where I want it to, every time.  My dog LOVES the launcher.  She starts dancing in circles as soon as she sees me pick it up.
7656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love the dental dinosaurs.  I was very pleased to receive this item so quickly.  Thank you.

6570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I definitely like this stuff better than typical litter.
3039	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great!

Second, the reason I'm only giving this harness four stars is that the back ring ripped off. the stitching on the straps is still fine (how did that happen), but the ring? somewhere in my backyard. We ate dinner outside one night, with my dog on her tie-out cable, she got caught around a post, jumped down a 4-foot wall... we heard her go 'oof' and then she ran off into the neighbor's yard, free as a bird. Still haven't found the back ring, but I didn't care about it in the first place, so. :O not really a problem for me
2085	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7185	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love that this chew toy has lasted so long for my dog.  I do not love when I step on it!  LOL
8057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup approves and she is rather picky!
9027	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No complaints about this product.......at least my Koi aren't complaining.....and if they are, so what!
3471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about a "poop bag" except these are perfect for the job.  I walk with my dog twice a day and pick up all of the time.  Who wants to get anything on their hands or have the thing tear while in use? These are exactly what is needed for the job and for the planet.  I have been buying them for 5 years for my dog, for myself and for the planet.  Well worth it.
5448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup is in love with this. I had never seen the small launchers in stores however I had the balls so I looked it up online and found this. It is more difficult then it looks and it takes a bit to get use to throwing the ball with this but my pooch is happy now that I can throw his ball much much farther. I was never a good pitcher. Whenever he sees his chuck it he gets excited and starts whining. In fact... He gets excited if he sees anyone's chuck it at the dog park, and that person, has earned a new 7 lb shadow. Brody was more of a keep away dog he would never drop the ball for me easily. So I'd launch the ball with this and feed him a treat in the chuck it launcher itself. Now he gives the ball up every time I have it up for a seamless game of fetch.


9899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these treats and come running at the crinkle of the bag
1207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love this litter box!  I bought mine about 2 years ago and it has been excellent!!  The only complaint I have is that the sensor somehow broke, so we just turn the switch off and back on each day so that it will scoop.
7764	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat Sophie refuses to touch the cheese and turkey combination. She only tolerates the beef and chicken shreds. Maybe your cat has a different palate but i'll have to pass on this one in the future
Toxic as $#@!.
8628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats didn't complain
3800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This product is good, but inferior to the Bissell sanitizing and pre-treating spray, in my opinion!
4336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes play time TONS of fun. Great design, fits easy in the handle and picks up the balls no problem.
81	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used these on books works great
5898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My 12 year old Collie loves these bones!  Our morning routine is to wake up, get me some food and then she waits by the lazy susan for hers.  By the time I start rolling through the shelf, she starts to lick her lips and then when she has it, she goes to her spot on the carpet and devours it.
9734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it
6299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat loves it
Overall, I'd highly recommend this product.  I just love it, and I plan to purchase at-a-glance planners in the future for gifts and for myself.  No complaints, and I'm very happy with it!
7623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boy loves the lamb/sweet potato. It's been suggested that dogs should eat the variety of food their ancestors were feed. Since Shetland Sheepdogs were breed where lamb,potatoes and fish are abundant they should be feed those foods.
4595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	wow, so this really works. I am able to throw this ball really really far and my dog loves running after it. The stick prevents me from bending down or touching the ball with my dogs saliva. I wish i would've know they had something like this long time ago.
BUT.........Get a different ball. The one that comes with it didn't hold up to our chewy doggie. We have a couple of others that are very tough, rubber ones I got right here on Amazon, and they work great.
319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Price Ehe. Potential adopter publicity priceless. Fit's as expected. Cleans up well after a beach day with a mild dish soap.
2573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There's nothing about this toy our dog doesn't like!  He's a 110 pound German Shepard and he loves to nibble on Mr. Bill and make him "talk".  There is nothing on this toy however that he could possibly nibble off and choke on.  He knows just where the mechanism is to make the toy say, "Oh noooooooo!" and we hear is frequently!!!  We've had it for about a month and have no complaints, Mr. Bill still looks almost new and that's with daily play.  Great product and I would say if your dog likes toys this is a fun one to add to the box.
5190	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Makes my dog happy!
Cons: Both of my large dogs, a lab and St Bernard were scared to death of the sound created by this ball.  We have a dog/cat toy exchange program with friends at work of toys that our pets didn't like.  Two other people tried this ball and their dogs were afraid of it too.  I think it would be better as a baby toy.
2869	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 5.6 pound yorkie @HenrikZetterdog on instagram loves his xs Kong squeak toys,  but the bear is his favorite!
The rake is a pain to clean ... especially if your pet ever has diarrhea (which mine did the first six months after we saved him from the pound). The rake also is super sensitive to overload and will go back and forth 3 or 4 times before giving up and flashing -- essentially jammed and unusable until you physically scoop the problem away, clean the rake and reset it. The sound of the rake going back and forth at all hours of the night is NOT a nice one and no matter what they say, this thing is STILL LOUD!
3331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Way better than Frontline
Other dog must have an iron constitution because she seems fine.
3560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome, i've been using for years!!!  Can't fathom using any other, thin bag.
2265	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love it and play with it and the others I bought all the time.
776	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for a senior Australian Cattle Dog (aka ACD aka blue heeler aka red heeler) and used one container and part of a second before starting him on a better quality dry kibble that contained most of the ingredients. He was a rescue dog of unknown age, and already had considerable arthritis in his spine, so it would likely have helped him more if he'd been getting it for a couple more years, but it certainly didn't hurt him, and I think did help some.
5862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's lunchtime snack
9900	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Happy
1875	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My pug tore the stuffing out in 2 minutes. What a waste of money
So, great product, but be sure that you have *both* parts of the product, and give a good trainer a call to help you get started.
9175	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Boston loves these!
7556	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought these numerous times for my dog. He is an aggressive chewer.
1815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this Mr. Bill as a 'side' Father's Day present for my 67-year-old Dad this year, in honor of the many years we laughed at Mr. Bill on SNL when I was growing up.  (He loved it.)  It seemed to be really well-made, and while it wasn't entirely easy to trigger, his voice sounded fairly accurate.
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and are easily destroyed, try these. Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	if you bake you must have

3858	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves these balls.  We had to replace all her tennis balls when they started to affect her teeth so needed a ball that size without the fuzzy coating, added bonus is that when we play with them outside she can hear them land more easily because they're heavier than tennis balls and they don't get lost because the color is so bright.  Also, she's a heavy chewer and they last longer than most toys.
[...]
We would buy it again!
3431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats barely seem to notice this treatment and it seams to sting less than other similar treatments I have used.  I have found it effective for up to three weeks the first two applications and now after having used it consistently for almost a year I have found that the cats need a new treatment every 5-6 weeks.

2231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German Shepherd absolutely loves these. 5 different squeakers so plenty of fun. Can get them cheaper here as an add on item than in my Supermarket. I order them 3 at a time and only have to throw them out after they get too nasty looking. Very durable.
5268	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	There is a learning curve on using this.  I have a 14" and this is totally different.  There is a lot more tool to stabilize and the swing is different.  I haven't decided whether I like it or not.
It also ends up being about $10 more a month.
867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our very persnickety dog likes this food and ate it without prompting.
7270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs weirdly really like these
7480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat  loves this. He would like me to buy more, much more. I told him you were out and he could only have a can a day. Please don't tell him otherwise.
5710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great in camper and home kitchen

5873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Welove these and so do our dogs! Haha, just kidding but our dogs love them and its great to get glucosamine for them.
amazon has THE best price for the LM700 and i spend days looking on the internet.
4001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my 115lb Rottweiler. He tends to only have a toy for a few minutes before it is destroyed, however the Chuckit! brand holds up really well to his powerful jaws. He has a few toys from this brand and they are all still around, which is saying a lot. Whether you have a powerful chewer or a puppy, this is a good buy!
I guess it's the way they talk the dogs really love them.
6741	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1HE4GNFARAP9E" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1Nk2-WhxmS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91A8RZnKnCS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Cat loves this. Even the whippet tries to play with it but cat is the boss
5478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this everyday with my dog when I take him to the park and love it for the extra distance I can get with it.
2140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	"Lammy" is our new puppy's best friend  - really good quality item - stands up to the rigors of puppy play
9489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wish it were possible to buy a variety pack so the kitties didn't get bored of the same flavor every day.
2400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	this one is okay, doesnt hold up great, but i have a doxie
It works. It made the fleas weaker. They were easier to smoosh. That gives me great pleasure, smooshing fleas. I recommend using this program concurrently with Capstar for instant and long-term flea death!
6657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my dog's favorite!
I have been a customer of Mutt Mitt for many years until this year. The quality of the bags are awful. I am talking about the new ones where there is advertising text all on one side of the bag which I have been told by the company that they are all like this. Now if you get an older one where it is all white on both sides, those are 5 stars. amazing.  The new ones now tear easily when you open to put your hand in or pull from the cardboard.  I have had to throw away more than I could use due to awful quality.  I know I'm not the only one because if you read other Mutt mitt reviews, you'll see that the company switched and have gone down hill since.  I literally ordered 500 of them from targets website because they were the old ones with no text on the bags.  So sad once the old ones disappear. I will have to go find another company to buy dog bags from.
My dog is 120lbs of Shepherd/Mix, that sheds like it's his job, so I need something that will be able to handle his size and weight.  This cover is sturdy and well made.  I've no concerns about it bolding up for a long while.  The stitching along the straps that hold it up are reinforced.  The clasps that hold the cover up, are solid and once adjusted, do not slip.  The bottom that goes over the seat, has this lining that holds it in place and doesn't let the cover slide all over the seat.  It also has Velcro openings for the seat belts or a strap if you want to add one.
2528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is used to the usual squeak of his toys. So when he picks up Mr. Bill in his mouth and hears "OH NOOOOOOOO!" he quickly drops it and starts growling at it and then chomps on it again. Round and round it goes. It's hilarious.
775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We were using Zukes training treats, which are easier to use, but my puppy is more eager to please when Chicken Sizzlers are the reward.
4991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	5 stars after modification - 1 star before modification.
4188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog approved balls. Super bouncy and survived my destroyer!  I would recommend.
945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both my dogs love these things. Whenever I give them these I'm tempted to take a bite. they have that chewy cookie look. The packages are dated and the product is made in the US.
Fairly lightweight but don't expect a feather
1892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love Lambchop.  This size works well for my smallish terrier....It took us a while to discover that there is a squeaker in each little foot.
3618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Why did I bother with another single-ply brand? Disaster. I'm back to Mutt Mitt for good. It's the sole product that can handle whatever a 70-pound greyhound has to offer. Also ideal for scooping up the remains of birds, mice, squirrels, opossums and wee snakes, all courtesy of one naughty kitty.
7343	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little guy loves this dino chew! He is only 13lbs and is not a crazy chewer, but does gnaw at this 4-5 times a week. I have yet to buy another one yet. It is lasting forever. It is made of really strong material and I don't have to worry about large pieces coming off and choking him. Plus, it is adorable!
5031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GREAT

6965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been feeding my animals Nutro brand forever. Two healthy cats eat this. Their teeth look great (so says my vet), and they aren't overweight. Older cat's blood work came back perfect as well. Don't spend more for fancier brands. Max Cat is great.
8643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 5 month old lab/hound mix loves this food. Vet was very happy to hear this was what we were feeding her. Arrived in a secure box in two days.
6905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	First time purchase.  All my three cats love this stuff. Ate it all up from the dish the first time.  Try it.
5431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best thing we've purchase to play fetch with our 3 Labrador Retrievers!! They get the exercise they need! Thanks ChuckIt!
7897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Shih Tzus absolutely inhale this! After I research and read the star ratings on all the major brands on the market, I was appalled! Here I thought I was doing right by my pups.. Wrong! Nothing but by products, crappy fillers and additives and perseratives.. On the website all were rated "1 star" out of 6! I had been running back and forth to the vet $$$'s because of allergies, about to chew their feet off and itching. Found out majority of dogs are allergic to corn and wheat and soy, alot allergic to chicken also. So on the hunt I went.. After researching I found Wellness and Blue Buffalo, they are rated 5 and 6 stars depending on what you chose. all their meat is hormone and steroid free, "fit for human consumption",no by products, no corn, wheat, soy, additives,artifical anything etc. I chose Wellness but Blue Buffalo is also great just a little more expensive but not by much. My pups have been on this canned lamb and on the Wellness supermix dry and I have to say after almost a month they are 100% better.. I will never again feed them major brand/mainstream food again. I couldn't believe purina, Iams, Eukanuba, Science diet were all rated 1 star out of 6, makes you wonder huh.. It is all unhealthy crap! I also got rid of all there store bought biscuits and treats that are filled with the same crap. I purchased healthy treats for them made just like their dog food and I feel so much better and relieved to know I am doing right by my pups..
1507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The first ingredient in this dog food is lamb.  (Real lamb according to the package.)  This is not one of the limited ingredient foods.  There are a lot of ingredients.  The second ingredient is chicken meal and then chickpeas.  Most of the ingredients are recognizable like alfalfa, potatoes, and sunflower oil.  It has a lot of vitamins and that probably accounts for a lot of the ingredients.

8371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs like these as treats!
9351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my local rescue organizations uses this particular canned variety to entice sick puppies to take their medicines. The consistency/texture is firm enough for us to scoop out a spoonful to form into a ball encasing a pill, and the puppies gobble it up! Much more effective than using pill pockets, which a lot of dogs (including mine) refuse to take.
8609	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat has been on this food for almost 7 years now. Had no problem at all.
The collar is not adjustable, but the chest belt is.

2320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs fight over this. They love this for some reason! It is a favorite toy.
It is a good looking vest and has become very handy in training my rambunctious terroir pup.
7041	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE this food, even my picky little yorkie.
Some cats seem content to just lap at the water mix.  (Another way to get water into these creatures) Some look only for the clumps of food.  Another one uses his paw to reach in and grab a clump and eat it off his paw.
4015	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Item as described. Fast delivery. Thanks!

2746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'll buy any toy made by Kong, they are almost indestructible.  This one is for very small dogs.
4895	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our furbie loves it! He's even tried to put the ball back into it rather than drop it on the ground. We do not have a lot of space where we live so we have to throw it a bit lighter as this throws the ball pretty far but it is wonderful that I no longer have to mess with the dirty muddy slobber covered ball. I am also disabled so it makes picking up the ball a lot easier. We plan on getting one of the longer ones next spring/summer (this one is only about a foot, give or take a couple of inches, in length).
*It is a simple machine. The time settings are not very adjustable - 6, 12 hr, etc.
I've never run my Littermaids on batteries, always using the A/C plug.  If the power's out for a few hours, we can survive, or if needed, scoop.
Yes - litter does escape underneath a little, but with the activities of three cats we were always vaccuming around the litter box anyway - no difference there.
3166	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We have used this product with our dogs for several years.  While there is no way of knowing how the dogs would have fared without the medication, they seem to be active and pain-free into old age.  Maybe I should be eating these things.
3230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is an older dog and has never liked storms or fireworks. We use these during the rough storms and firework season and they help him a bit. They are not 100% perfect, but they seem to work for a few hours.

7772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are very durable for an aggressive chewer, the only problem is them are a bit heavy so may be a bit hard for a smaller dog to carry around. They seem to satisfy a dogs chewing needs, I like to use these instead of rawhide because of the problems it can cause for dogs.
5680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Motion sensor works great. Light is bright.
6842	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The trick is to hold the wand upside down and then many bubbles come out. Our cat loves these though sometimes she chases them and other times she just watches in wonder.
4.  Re-use the waste containers.  They each should last a month or more. Just keep using them until they crack when you are removing to dump the contents.  Then replace.  Saves lots of money there.
3878	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	no better than a regular tennis ball, doesn't stand up to the abuse my shepherd gives it, fails in just a couple days
Also, some reviewers have brought up the issue of cat litter:  buy the best-quality clumping litter you can.  The system uses so little of it compared to traditional boxes that it's a wise investment towards a smooth-running system.
6101	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Great for my dog and ease in getting out of a high SUV, but step is bulky and heavy. It would be nice if it had a handle of sorts.
5305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for carry/on the go.  Nice light feel on the wrist.  I only recommend the 12M or the 18M, any longer then 18" and it is just too hard on the wrist, especially with carpal tunnel.  Perfect fit for kids.  Only down side is that you have to reach down more to get the ball.  Throws about pass half the distance as the 25M.
4422	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love  this product.
9791	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mom's dog is obsessed with his dino. Whenever he stays with us, he chews on this toy all day long. It's his favorite toy (except for the ones with treats in them...).
8545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kittens love this food. Good Quality. And great price on Amazon. Just make sure you are home to accept the delivery... you don't want to leave the canned food out in the sun, as I did that once because I forgot about the delivery and the kittens would not touch it. It spoiled.
5233	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 35 pound Australian cattle dog loves the 2" balls. This picks them up and launches them well. Won't throw as far as a 18 or 26 model for 2.5 inch balls but they don't make those for 2" balls.
7426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We tried a number of flavors of the small cans of Wellness dog food to mix with the dry food we feed our two girls (dogs). We thought this would both be good for them and add variety to the taste of their meals. Judging from the fact that the food disappears rather quickly we have concluded they like it pretty much.
1640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchasing meat in bulk and cutting it down requires a very sharp knife.  This Kershaw cimeter knife does is perfectly. Slices through with ease. Nice safe blade cover as well.
2217	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs favorite toy. She has about 5 Bills in various stages of decomposition around the house at all times. She absolutely adores her Bills. It would be nice if they were sturdier. She is a relatively gentle, medium sized dog and she can destroy a Bill very quickly. Not for dogs who like to destroy their toys because it'll be gone in a matter of seconds.
6926	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My meow meows love this food! They won't eat anything else, not sure how they do it but it's great and keeps them healthy!
Highly recommended!
6141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these 13 years ago, the half size, to connect dog door with the outside. Used by three dogs, often simultaneously, 65 pounds, 60lbs and 45lbs. Stood up to hot tropical sun that beats down on it every morning. Has been scrubbed clean numerous times and it still holds its traction. Just bought a second ramp for a doggie pool. Attached it to the Skamper Ramp. The doggie pool is a heavy duty stock tank and PetStep's rubberized grip grabs the stock tank and leans at perfect angle from ground to pool. Skamper Ramp is tied to a couple utility holes at top of PetStep. So dogs have both an entry and exit from the pool. The PetStep ramp is so secure that my 15 pound dog sits at the top before deciding whether to go swim. And my 27lb dog who doesn't like water can climb up PetStep to drink pool water, then turn around and walk back down the ramp. Both entry and exit ramps lift up easily when it's time to cover the pool. PetStep HalfStep Ramp is a solid, secure, long lasting product.
9658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	she likes it. 22 weeks.
2572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thought Mr Bill was designed to attract people, but it turns out he's our two dogs' favorite toy!  They're working on dismantling and disemboweling him, but surprisingly enough he's lasting longer than any of their other toys.  We just ordered a spare for the day the original turns to scrap, and when the dogs heard the "Oh, No!" when we unwrapped him, they came running, and we had to hide him for that future day!
9103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy this for my 10 month old kitten. She loves it and eats it all up.
So I ordered a smaller one from LitterMaid, the LM700 I believe (or something like that) it works beautifully. I don't expect it to last 10 years like our first - - but it would be nice.
*Quiet, even in my small apt.(but I live in the city, which is noisy itself).
1086	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaid's since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.
1727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A riot!
Bad purchase.
I don't know that you can say any more - these products were awesome!  I will never use another product as, in my opinion, this one will save you time and money in the long run.  Your pet will agree!
6180	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have dogs and live in an area where we have a tick season.  This little tools is the quickest and simplest way to pull off a tick from a squirming puppy I have found.  Once scoop and you got the bug.
8280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The taste is not quite as high as some of the best out there - my other dog food is grain-free Biljac which seems slightly higher quality - but the added nutrients here can build a great base food for an athletic dog.  A bit of a strange taste (if you try your dog's food, that is).

278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like this harness however the metal clip of my dog's leash comes unclipped from the top of the harness very easily. All I have to do is move slightly to the side and the metal clip slips right off which could definitely be quite dangerous for some dogs that would run off if unhooked. Luckily my dog stays with me when I unhook her so it's not as big of a deal for me. I also prefer to leash her collar anyway. I mostly got this to ward off people who insist on petting my fearful dog despite her alarm barks.
3959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3ALU83XRVSUWL" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1%2BTq7nG2bS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1wY94fuyXS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This chuck can sure fling the ball far. My young pup loves it!! Everyone at the dog park has them I can see why.
7666	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	something is not right with the case of this kitten food i got recently, kittens barely want to eat it except for a liitle of it in the AM when they are starving!! one kitten whose stools finally firm up after a bad reaction to being dewormed, is now back to having diarrhea after we started using cans from this last case. other kitten who has had no loose stools whatsoever, started having looser ones yesterday and tonight had a really loose one with a bloody streak. clearly this food is causing digestive/etc issues, plus kittens don't even want to chow down on it like they were doing with previous case we bought like 1 1/2 yrs ago that we still had some cans of..
8786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves it! Though you can probably buy better food than this brand if you want to pay a bit more!
If the ball that came with it had held up, I would have given five stars.
6513	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price, my girl  loves it.
However, this is the time where I went back and read to more negative reviews over and I saw stories of cracked teeth, bloody mouths and shards of plastic being eaten by people's dogs.  Looking at the bone after a week of chewing every night, Peach had started to tear little bits of this off.  For a bone that is for "powerful chewers", I was amazed that our Dachshund/Lab mix (she's on the tiny end of this mix, less than 25 pounds) was able to start carving this thing up.  The pieces she was getting off where SHARP.  As hard as this thing is, the pieces that come off are that sharp.
45	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have acquired an American Eskimo about 3 years ago and have been searching, buying and trying a lot of books, training courses and dog obedient classes since.  I ran across the TV show recently when I switched TV to satellite.  I only wish I have found out about this earlier.
8031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it
One funny story is that the first time my cat heard it she ran out of the room. Now she puts her head over the top and watches the rake. It is quite humorous to watch.
6539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As expected for cat food.

8716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these. She goes crazy when she sees the package because she knows its her favorite treat!
5092	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the launcher, not so much the orange balls. My dog likes yellow, won't retrieve any other color.
The only con I can think of is it gets other dogs excited at the park too!
7589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use two tablespoons of  this receipe with Mercedes dry Wellness and she loves it and its good for her.
3065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product because my dog had knee and hip surgery. I didn't want him to be crated all day, but he was not supposed to be off leash at any time as he was prohibited from any kind of running or jumping on furniture etc. Holding a leash ALL day was becoming a nuisance so I went searching for an alternative. This was perfect! I can sit and type with both hands at my computer while he lays on a cushion next to me, but I don't have to worry about him darting up to bark at the doorbell or chase the cat. This would make an excellent potty training tool for puppies as well. The best way to teach them to not go in the house is to keep them attached to you at all times. I also purchased a "Fuel Belt" attachment that is like a pouch so that I can have treats on me at all times. The product is well made and is strong enough for a larger dog. The hardware is a bit heavy where you attach the leash to the collar which could be a problem if you have a tiny dog like a chihuahua. Overall I'm very satisfied with my purchase and I can't wait until my dog is able to go for walks again. We will definately be using this for its intended use when the time comes.
7312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. My dog loves it. Worth the money a quality pet food.
2951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm glad this toy has no stuffing in it, but for a few dollars more, the Kong Cozie is stuffed firmly and has a squeaker in the middle that lasts and lasts. My puppy has two varieties of the unstuffed Kong animals, one being this frog. They were correct to give you a free extra sqeaker. The toy, without stuffing, is very thin and flimsy, and the squeakers don't last. So far, the toy has not ripped, though, so I think the quality is decent for 5 bucks! But my 8 and 9 dollar Kong Cozies last as well and there is no need for extra squeakers.
9433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	k

9593	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is fussy about dry food, this is a winner.
7268	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I got the T-rex for my dog who is a powerful chewer as they put it.  He didn't even have it for 5 minutes before he broke a chunk off of the body and got it lodged in his molars.  He freaked out for a few minutes before I was able to get a hold of him and figure out what the issue was.  I ended up having to sit on him while reaching back into his mouth to pry the wedge piece out of his teeth.  Never again will I buy Nylabone.  I'm sticking with KONG
3457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is MDR1 positive (common in herding dogs) so she can't have certain medications, including Frontline (which caused a paralysis of her leg).  At a recommendation from other MDR1 dog owners I decided to try this and so far there has been no reaction but it has only been two months.  I haven't seen any fleas.
1797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I gave these to my family and friends for Xmas..They were overwhelmed with joy and refused to stop chewing
7347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog enjoys chewing on the dinosaur's head and so far has not been able to destroy it.  So I am happy and the dog is happy with the dental chew.
3725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for the last 7 years for my Great Dane. They are in a league of their own and cannot be compared to any other product of its kind. The bags are the perfect size for any pick up and the extra lining on the bag makes a huge difference. I am brand loyal and will continue to use this great product. I recommend them to everyone I know that owns a dog. Like I said they are great for my Dane and can handle the test she puts them through.
6165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best product I have ever used to remove ticks.

9898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these!
3709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt Mitt Doggie Bags are very handy to have on hand.  First saw them at a marina where we stopped with our boat.  We now use them all the time.  Hands stay clean and they control odor better than regular plastic bags.
8955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought these before and they are long-lasting for my rowdy chewers.
They go really fast around here but, if your kitty is a pickier eater and take longer than a month to finish, I would definately recommend placing "left overs" into an airtight container and then placing them in the fridge. They're freeze dried so they can pull moisture out of the air and can start to spoil and go rancid.
7848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My rescue puppy loves this food and what a difference it has made in his coat and all around health.  Just a well balanced food.
3285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Siberian Husky was scrapping her bum across the ground in a comical looking fashion. As amusing as it was I knew something was wrong. I could have gone to the vet and paid $300 for a diagnosis and treatment.
7169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought these for my crazy chewer and licker dog.  He loves it but it makes his gums bleed.  I give it to him occasionally only and also have to closely monitor him play.
8141	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I am giving this product one star not for the quality of the cat food but for the deplorable condition of the cans.  I've been ordering cases of this cat food through Amazon for awhile.  Every case comes through full of dented cans and it seems to be getting worse.  This is not a problem with Amazon's shipping as the dented cans are all packaged in the interior of the case as if the manufacturer is hiding the bad cans from view.  After many years of using Wellness I may have to switch to another brand.
3102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The smallest setting for the belt for this is still slightly too large. I wish it were a wider belt, too. Also, I have the lunge buddy assistant but unfortunately, I can't clip it directly onto the belt, it stil requires a longer lead than I like.
The cats give this a sixteen-paw salute! (Four cats, four paws each, you know...)
6099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This ramp has pros and cons.  I used it for several months on my front steps (placed over 2 deep steps) with my 75lb. alaskan husky who has unsteady drooping hind legs due to a health condition.  It didn't work with my car, so I can't attest to using it for that purpose.
2101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Golden Retriever has two laundry baskets full of toys but Lamb Chop is his favorite. It has a loud squeaker in the middle and is just the right size for carrying in the mouth, as retrievers like to do. We always have to have a few spares stashed away, in case they ever stop making them. If Amazon offered a case discount we'd probably take it. :)
9105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this. I purchased the same one, in-store, about a year ago and my cats liked it so much, the center scratch part has been fairly destroyed. It was definitely worth getting a new one. I also have two dogs who would love to get the ball out and destroy it but they thankfully can't!
The Litter Maid plastic containers were easier for me to switch out and replace than the plastic bags for the Litter Robot, less struggle, less time spent bending over the "dreaded area."  And more secure feeling because stiff plastic is thicker than a plastic bag.
I wish it could be plugged into the wall rather than a battery. You have to be around to know if the battery has gone bad.
Ive actually ordered this product twice, once from prime now, and again from regular prime. I believe prime now has newer packs with new logos. But the current pack I have actually came with less dents in the cans, and the expiration is Jan 2019.
1052	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This tray is larger than I expected, but now that I'm using it, I'm glad it's this big. I'm using it on the 20 port Thistle feeder and it catches all the seed the birds seem to knock out, and they are using it to eat up the spilled seeds.
Has a pleasant smell and Aloe Vera along with some other extracts for a soother, calming and refreshing product for your pet.
2416	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves to pack Lambchop all over the house.  Sturdy enough for my Min Schnauzer to wrestle with and not destroy.
3780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are great--the double layer provides security and manages the additional debris such as stones or small sticks that usually come along as part of the package. The bags are deep enough to tie knots too!
*****
5209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We use it all the time for the big dog, he loves to chase the ball.
8582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived ahead of schedule and exactly what I wanted. Thanks
3	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my parot loves this CD! started repeating the phrases after a week of listening.
535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My goffin cockatoo loves this toy. It is still holding up after a few weeks of chewing. I will definitely be replacing it when he gets it all torn apart!  Great beak occupier.
7044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	><pate....I like it><
1701	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for little puppies, but 9 month old lab destroys it now :(

6668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super!
6806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Feeding this food for over 20 years. Great quality food at a good price. This comes from a multi cat household.
5805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SURPAHS Super-Thin Digital Kitchen Scale is a one great food scale.  I got this scale and it is just as advertised.  All I had to do was pull it out of the box and it was ready to go.  The scale is super thin and very accurate.  You never know when you will need a scale till you need one.  This scale is good for holiday meals when you need to be precise with your measurements on particular meals.  This scale maybe also be good for people who are on a diet and have to weigh food in order to stay within the perimeters of their diet.  I cannot speak highly enough about this scale, I love it.

2205	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love Lambchop!
But for my dog, it works best to use the clicker to warn of bad behavior.

5166	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So easy to throw the ball 100+ yards with a flick of the wrist.  Love using with my dogs.
Still have this thing. The rope disappeared but the ball is indestructible and the Schnauz still plays with it.  5 star, at least.
2391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs FAVORITE toy
1119	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love not having to scoop the cat litter. Favorite invention ever.
4122	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not for strong jawed don't GS.
5930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats aren't particularly smart, but they are particularly food driven. Having this keeps the 5am I'm hungry yowls away. I've had it for over a year now and it still works. I don't use it for wet food because I tried that once and the food went bad. I could have divided it into 4, but that would have defeated the whole purpose of having an automatic feeder. Now the cats have been re-trained to listen to the motor of this thing, they pretty much don't bother me in the morning. (I also don't allow them in the bedroom so that helps too) Also, I can go on vacation for a week and have someone check on them once or twice instead of every day.
1305	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	For the first week, I loved it.  Then the rake assembly began to have multiple problems.  It has spontaneously fallen off at least 4 times.  Now, no matter how perfect the litter is, it can't seem to rake the box at all, even after one use.  I have 4 cats using it, so that may have contributed to it's problems.  However, I cannot recommend this item at all.  I feel like I completely wasted my money on it.
1661	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	...but the product is tough and effective for dogboarding. I can only hope that over time it stays strong, not like our others (cheapies) that we retired from use, not only b/c of breaking, but the potential danger of breaking and injury that very well could result from such an accident.
9694	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product, would buy again. Thank you!
8614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys enjoy this the best of their dry foods. They are picky!!
6883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I only ordered 1 6lb bag--not 2 I have one cat and this is an evening snack. For breakfast he gets a can of nutro.
4498	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes throwing so much easier. My dog gets a work out and i don't have to
2842	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My.dog.loves.them he loves this toy. I bought several. he  I'm  So glad I found this for him he even brings it back. Something about the pitch of the squeaker, he goes batty, trying to get it out, lol.
6823	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Standard Poodle has chronic kidney disease and this was recommended by Boston's Tufts Vet Hosp for her. She loves it...
I have two down at all times and they get thrown around 30 to 40 feet every day up to 40 times each day in play. They often get picked up in the jaws of a male boxer and whipped from side to side before bringing it back to me to throw again. When they get dirty, I pop them into my washer but I do not dry them. Each lambie has been washed at least 7 times each already and still looking great!
5138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Just as advertised, only handle does not have any rubber as someone said.
8336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them.
337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I didn't look too closely at the description on this harness, and was skeptical about reviews saying how sturdy it is, but I've been proven wrong. The words are embroidered on very nicely- they aren't going to wear off, like I was expecting. The harness itself isn't thin mesh or something, it's padded (cotton? Idk) enough that it'd not going to rip.
4539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I cannot stress enough how this is the best $4 I have ever spent. I have a pitbull who lives to play fetch and I've never been able to tire her out. she gets ten times the exercise me using this thrower than she would if I were throwing the ball myself. I did buy some of the small sized Kong balls as she's a little rough on balls and it works great with those however the ball that it came with is still intact after two weeks of every day play.
7821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When I adopted my cat she was eating Nutro Adult Cat food and loved it so we kept her on it.  As a treat she gets wet food and the Nutro Wet food was recommended - can't say very much except that she knows when she is getting a can.  She knows just when the lid is being cracked open and is there crying for it.  And the ingredients are healthy for her.
4980	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect length! The longer ones don't give you as much control over where the ball is going. This is really easy to use and keeps me from wearing out my arm when I'm trying to tire out my dog at the dog park. I also like that I don't have to touch a gross slobbery ball. This lets me pick it up without touching it. Also good for if your dog gets a little mouthy when you try to get the ball from them.
It's really hard to tell in terms of energy level and the like what effect the food is having but there's no reason to think there's any downside to it. The vet hadn't heard of it when we first asked but the owners of the doggy hotel had and said owners reported similar results.  I won't get into unnecessary detail but in terms of digestion, there aren't any problems that we've encountered we have in the past.
7299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Jasper the cat loves this selection.
9835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats loooove this food. Helps give them shiny coat
7452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this! We buy it every month and they split a can in the morning. It's enough for my three cats to share one can each  morning.
5544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is great for playing fetch without having to touch drooly, dirty balls. Plus, I can launch the balls extra far and tire out my pup more quickly!
9020	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The cats like it but it is so bad for them, switched to Science Diet
2235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	adorable, but I think I like it better than Scruffy does ;)
2912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	KONG Teddy Bear toy well made, and Chihuahuas love it.
2509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it and it does give me flashbacks of "oh no" so far it has held up well so we will see
Per all the research I've done, this food gets high quality ratings.  The apparent quality of the food out of the can lives up to expectation.  Cats are sleek, healthy, alert, and energetic on this food.  There have not been any issues with vomiting or bowel problems.
2084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was surprised how bi this was for the price. My little Sadie LOVES her Lamb Chop so much.
8591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love the color and the size. Thank you!
a year old and all muscle.  I bought this leash
I do like the feel of the front and back cover. It is a matte black with a soft texture that feel sort of leathery or rubbery. It looks modern and clean (it's looks are it's best attribute for me). The months are tabbed and easy to turn to. It has a flat bungee cord closure.
1933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good dog toy.....
6958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love it!
2617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A friend got this as a gift for my dogs & my Taiwan Mountain Dog puppy (1yo) claimed it as his own. He absolutely LOVED it when he chompd down on it & it screamed "OH NOOOOO!!!" He got to the point where if I mimicked the "OH NOOO" he would squeeze the toy if he had it & run to find it if he didnt.
After my disaster with the Mega I broke down and bought the "LitterRobot" for $400 (I travel and an automated litterbox is a must, not an option).  Extremely well built but the cats won't get near it.  The kitten loves it but isn't heavy enough to "trip" it so I have to initiate the cycle myself (not handy when I'm gone).  I saw the "Plus" version of the LitterMaid at Walmart for $88 and decided to give it a try.  What a little dynamo. It's smaller than the Mega but it almost seems like the motor size was the same.  Everything the Mega did was a struggle but in this smaller version it's doing great!!!!  This has been a godsend.  The "Plus model" can plow through anything.  Takes up much less room (note to the LitterMaid designers- bigger may have sounded like a better sell but my cats only get in it one at a time).  And if it goes out, at least it wasn't $200.  This version gets FIVE STARS from me!
8263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my koi love this food.
9495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Survives my 60 pound aggressive chewer.
3612	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love the product.  Thick and big enough to hold several peepads along with dog poop.  Does not tear and keeps hand clean.  Box is great because you only take out what you need.
4629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great like it was suppose to. Much cheaper than buying at a store.

It's not clear from the labeling whether these degrade over time or not. But the instruction to use them within one year implies that they break down in the landfill. Hope so.
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four (smaller sizes)!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
2072	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs favorite toys; he has Lambchop in 3 different sizes and loves them all :)  He's not a stuffed toy destroyer but does play tug and this has held up well.
2649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cool
Cons: none
Edit: a few months into having this toy the squeaker is still going strong. The squeaker has lasted longer than the ones in some other toys that were 2-3x the price. Definitely worth the price.
4963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If your dog likes to play fetch, he/she will love this thing. It makes it a lot easier for you to throw farther so it will definitely give your arm a break if yours is like mine and has a ton of energy to play for hours!

5672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It looks great! Better than I thought it would be. I like all the different configurations. Im actually ordering another one for my moms car right now!
|~~~~~~~~~|--~-~-~--/
8306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I feed this dog food to both my mini doxie and my 80 lb pitbull and they both love it. I mainly have a hard time feeding foods to my doxie because he only eats really small chunks and this kibble is the perfect size for him. He no longer chokes on his food.
While all clumping litters clump, some better than others, not all are suitable for use in an automatic, self-cleaning litter box.  The Super Scoop excells at this.  It clumps firmly and stays hard so the automatic box can do its work.  It also absorbs nearly all of the odor so the cat box can been seen before it can be smelt.  I've used this product in a prior LitterMaid unit and now in my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PetSafe-Simply-Clean-Continuous-Clean-Litter-Box/dp/B000GF0X38/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PetSafe Simply Clean Continuous-Clean Litter Box</a>.  The Super Scoop has worked flawlessly in those applications.
3665	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our chocolate lab loves to leave huge presents! These bags are big enough and thick enough to contain what he leaves! Highly recommend this!! We don't have any spontaneous holes, like in the cheap bags, just as you are picking up crap!
7635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great to have this combo with three different flavors. Cats love the taste. One can goes a long way to feed the clan we have.


It is now November 2013.  Not sure if the problem is the product or the expire date.  I am returning this order for refund. It smells so bad that opening another can to just throw it away is pointless.
5624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an 8-pound toy poodle whose passion is fetching balls.  Her mouth is so small she could not get the regular chuckit ball in her mouth and carry it very far.  I ordered this mini-chuckit and though the ball is a little bigger than her very small balls, it works fine and she catches it in her mouth as it's heading toward earth. I have noticed that this mini-chuckit hurles the ball much farther than the regular, which is great because she loves to go far to fetch it.  We use this launcher several times a day and we never get tired of it.  The ball it came with got trashed within a month so I bought Tuff Balls to replace it.  We absolutely love this launcher.  It's fabulous for the beach.  You can't go wrong with this if your little toy dog loves fetching.
2125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Milo loves lamb chop

517	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	and has quit a lot of plaque on her teeth.  I think ingredients looks unsafe and will find something else that hopefully will give good results.
5199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	so much cheaper online and the best tool if you can't throw a ball
4639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	An absolute life saver for tiring out our dog.  Launches balls 2x what I could throw on my own.  The ChuckIt balls are great, too!  Bounce further and don't get ripped apart like a tennis ball by our German Shepherd.
98	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best and safest dog treat on the market. My dogs actually refuse to eat any other treat. There has never been a recall (to my knowledge), on these treats. Highly recommend!
6740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazing how much cat loves this!
So if you are looking for something to awaken the kitten in your kitty, you might try these.
2442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought one of these for the dog. Boyfriend liked it so much he took it to work and I haven't seen it since.  Bought another one for my parents' dog (they are fans) and it's hilarious.  If your dog is a strong chewer it will not hold up but for those that just like something to carry around it's perfect.
3743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes the job of cleaning up more palatable - opaque material and large enough to easily flip around and knot  -- and the good news is that the bag actually disintegrates in the landfill.  I found missing 2-3 year old bags in the garage that shredded.  It's a good product worthy of purchase.
4198	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't sure how this would work out with the mixed reviews, but I have to say we love it! I bought this for Christmas 2017 for our one year old lab. We've only had it for 2 weeks so I can't tell yet how it will last, however, we use this every single day to throw anywhere from 25 - 100 balls. There's no sign of it not being able to take this heavy constant use, hopefully it'll continue to last. I'm very uncoordinated, so it took a day or two for me to quit throwing it at the ground 20 ft in front of me! Once I got the hang of it, I'm able to launch it 100+ feet. We run our pup in increments of 25 throws; he gets so excited when he realizes it's time to go back out to get the balls. Best thing I did when I bought this was to also purchase 3 kong balls. The Chuckit ball didn't last a week; first it split in half on the seam, that it became chunks of pieces all over my floor. All 3 kong balls are in use and still work and squeak. One has a little bit of a rip where our pup tried to tear a hole into it; he wasn't successful! Definitely happy with the purchase.
1132	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my third littermaid in the past 10 years, works fine and great price.
2075	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable Lambchop dog toy for all 4 of our dogs. It is very well made and stuffed nicely. No plastic pieces to be chewed on. It's a favorite of our Miniature Schnauzer and our Yorkie!
6801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Healthy wet food for my 11 tear old dogs.
9642	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My furry friends love the flavors in this mix pack.  They were delivered on time and not damaged.  I will order them again.
Good source of fiber
7468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Four cats and they all like the food.

I also bought a green band and I think this one is a little narrower than the standard green bands you see in the gym.  I wanted this to help my wife do pull-ups, and this does the trick!  She's pretty excited she can work her way up to unassisted pull-ups!
3407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fleas were really bad this spring, garlic in her food wasn't working.  W/i one day she stopped scratching.  It's about one month now, so will treat her again, but the little tormentors haven't started up yet.  Great price on Amazon, got it two days later with Prime.
7249	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	First time purchaser---STINKS--- like fish, smells like it should be cat food. Won't buy this flavor again, it's dark like beef, says it's chicken & sweet potato. Wouldn't think chicken would be this dark. Just nasty...
5140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for about 2 years and it is still chucking tennis balls. It has held up well. I like using it because you don't have to get slobber on your hands, no bending over, and I can throw the ball farther with it than I can by hand. The technique takes a few minutes to get down, but it is easy to master.

240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really works & stops the hairball barfing.  One cat will lick it off my fingers, the other has to be forced.  Just different cats.  It is NOT the products fault the cats don't like it
FACT: It is nearly impossible to stop a determined dog from attacking people, other dogs, kids, or the cats with a bunch of treats in one hand and a clicking device in the other. But with a leash and a proper collar, yes, you certainly could. I see people scream at their dogs and they are still ignored. The stupid clicker doesn't even stand a chance!
2459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun toy for our dogs.  A repeat customer!
If you like portable hard copy calendars, this is one of the best!
Yes, I recommend this Company and their product.
3782	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Can't tighten the wingnuts on oval cross bars tight enough.  Wingnuts are too wide to clear the area for tightening.  Not really tall enough for inside a 2017 Pacifica van.  Came crashing down when one dog laid against the bottom on one side and the other dog was nudging the top on the other.  One dog trapped under it while another one trapped with his legs now in the bars on top of him driving down I-95 and no where to pull off quickly and safely.  Broken clips for crossbars and can't push oval bars back into the clips.  Now, that wouldn't be a problem if there was clearance for the wingnuts and they could be easily undone and retightened, but to get them tight we had to use pliers in the first place. Pushing a loose bar into the clip easily breaks the clip. So things that were supposed to stay separate did not stay separate. Untangling dogs on the side of a highway and not having them escape was not easy.  Suggest improving the wing nut situation with something that can be done easily fingertight or with a small tool.  Check out the wingnut tightening on a Yakima racks for ideas of how to make that work better. They understand how to anchor crossbars to prevent any slippage and provide the ability to reposition if needed. Current suction-cup looking plastic ends do not grip a headliner well on a van (since they are now fabric coated cardboard.  Need something more rubber like (soft/pliable) to prevent slippage against that material.  If you have an older style headliner that has some foam backing, it can bite into that and hold well.  This might work well for some people and in some cars, it was a disaster for me and in the new Pacifica van.
6573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat Foutchie is heading toward 5 now and no one told her the trouble with a kitten is it eventually becomes a cat (so take that Ogden Nash!).  She still voom-voom-vooms around at a pace that makes me exhausted.  She loves toys, especially stuff she chases.  So the bubbles are great full.  Especially since they are catnip bubbles.  You don't have the worry about them getting soap on them and making them sick.  She love jumping high to pop them.
1633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	If you have a sweet, loving fluffball that metamorphoses into a feral hellcat when confined to a small space, you've just found the perfect carrier!  You know the drill: you have to trick your cat into entering the tiniest room in the home, containing both you and the dreaded carrier.  Closing the door triggers a biochemical reaction deep in your fluffy sweetheart's brain and next thing you know, a terrifying physical transformation has taken place and you're trying to corral a puffed up ball of volcanic anger and tiny whirling knives into the soft-sided rectangular prison of hellcat's worst nightmares.  If you survive this heroic endeavor, you face another challenge: how to prevent imminent escape.  Keeping the carrier in one piece is an equally important goal, of course.  Hellcats laugh in the face of most soft-sided carriers: their flimsy mesh disintegrates at a steely glance, thin nylon or canvas sides melt like butter beneath razor claws, and weak zippers part like the Red Sea if hellcat even thinks of making a break for it.  But hellcat has met her match in the Sherpa Ultimate Bag!  The only devastation my hellcat has managed to wreak on her Sherpa is in the form of a shredded fleecy mat.  This hellcat owner recommends replacing it with something more substantial, or tossing a blanket over it.
352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Do your dog a favor and purchase this collar!! It lasts 8 months and in the two years we've purchased the collar our dog has bee flea and tick free!! No monthly application messes!
All the other toys I've purchased are easy for me to squeak, but my dog has had difficulty getting to them when she wants to, which kinda ruins some of the fun for her. This toy is definitely her favorite and I love how easily she can hold this in her mouth and also squeak it. She has ripped the squeakers out of her other toys, but has not been able to with this one (even though she's played with this toy more). It is very well made and an ESSENTIAL for us!
8730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it
1120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Sometimes feel flimsy when emptying - but it is used by two cats.  At least I'm not scooping.
7386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	After finally reading the ingredients in the dog food recommended by our veterinarian we felt compelled to make a change. Our dog is a female who is 8 years old and has had a weight issue most of her life. The food we were feeding her had corn and grain in it which seemed to only add to her issues. So we found this and gave it a try. She has lost some weight. The smell is really bad though as it has fish in it. All in all though it may have been a life saver for our girl. We have now changed to food for our younger dog to a Wellness brand food as well.
2529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My granddog approved.  Good service.  lots of fun for all watching and playing with our sweet pup was great fun.
7048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful, great price as described arrived quick.
7535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this, and I love the size - it's easy for me to use with regards to portions.  I didn't know that a decent 6 oz size was out there.  Also, this food is on the dogfoodadvisor.com as a 5 star food, so I also have the bonus of feeding my dogs a good meal.  Yes, it is more expensive, but as they say - you get what you pay for, and I think this is worth it.
9797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great koi food.

7670	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these snacks.  I have a 16 year old dog who had to have many of his  teeth removed - he eats these painlessly.  They just cant get enough.  I store them in the fridge as where I live is quite humid and the biscuits can get damp and moldy.  Other than that I think they're brilliant.
My dog loves to make Mr. Bill scream, "Oh Noooooooo!" over and over again much to my chagrin.  I think he thinks it's a real person.
4941	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog looses focus if you throw the ball super far.  This throws it far enough and saves your shoulder.
7290	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Doggies love! On my subscribe & save program!
5893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my pup loved this product! of coarse you have to buy this for a while to see if it actually works
8966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs liked this And the treats did not upset their stomachs.
4508	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throw farther, save the old arm, no dog slobber, less bending, Toby gives the ball up without wanting to play keep-a-way he is loving it. Me too. Just make sure you buy the right one for the ball size for your dog.
3394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have several animals and flea control gets expensive.  This product was exactly identical to what I normallly get from the vet and easier as it comes to me.
4798	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the size that flings standard tennis balls. Bonnie Border Collie is so very happy when we pick up this toy to play with her! You can also get a glow-in-the-dark ball that fits into the business end for night-time Fetch. I don't have to handle slobbery balls and can give her a good runout. If your dogs loves Fetch, you need one of these!

9539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a good product for my new puppy.  He dives right in and seems to love it.
333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect! I got three different colors/words all in the small for my Jack-Russel/Rat Terrier mix and my two Rat Terriers. They fit all three perfectly. It's bright, well made, and enough padding that they comfy in it. Unlike the other 2 I ordered, the green "friendly" one has a ring on the harness at the back and on the front too. The yellow and white only have d-rings on the back. Really worked out great for my needs. Very happy with my purchase. My dogs are all different sizes from 10 lbs to 20 and different heights, neck and girth, but the small fit all 3 beautifully. I'm delighted with the purchase and glad I decided to splurge on these and the matching collars. Even my nervous dog who refuses to move if you try to put anything on her is comfy in her new halter and really doesn't seem to mind wearing it at all!
3597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really no other dog waste/poop bag compares -- the material is thick enough that risk of break-through is virtually nil and it is large enough to capture a 100 pound lab's waste without problem, leaving plenty of room to tie the tops into a sealed bag for disposal.  Often more expensive than other bags, it is worth every penny.
I had 18, 19 and 20 year old cats, feral cats, shy cats, dominant cats and nervous cats all learn to use the box with no problems. I found a cat in a parking lot in June. As far as we could tell he had never been indoors. He was using the Littermaid by the end of the week. One of my cats was a neighbor's cat. He disappeared for a year. They moved. He came home from his walkabout and adopted me. He comes inside now to go. (Maybe it is his way of marking his territory?) Whatever -- none of the cats I've known have ever objected to having a clean litterbox. I don't much blame them.
Dr. Dodds new book Canine Nutrigenomics: The New Science of Feeding Your Dog for Optimum Health, offers great info on this topic, especially about the benefits of a low glycemic food.
4099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits the Medium / regular size tennis balls.
6919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats loved it.

This is incredibly finicky about precise fill level. I must have overfilled by 1/4" or so, because it stopped working properly after the first day. The scooper still scooped but the thing seldom opened the lid of the receptacle.
Don't waste your money on this.
3266	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? It did what it was supposed to do, got rid of tape worms. And did it at less than half of what they cost at the pet store, for the exact same product, exact same size. Shipping was very fast and my pets and I thank you.
3775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Mutt Mitts are the best bags I've run across. They are extra roomy at the bottom with an extra layer so you don't poke a finger through. I wish they were bigger so they would fit my scooper but are much bigger than others I've used. I wish all the bag listings would give sizes for the bags. By the way these bags are 8" wide x 13" tall & gussetted at the bottom, the other bags were much smaller & thinner. Would highly recommend.
It works well for running too, but does take a few days of training to make sure the pups don't pull or try to stop to sniff something in the middle of a run.
5427	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is great - especially for big dogs. If you have should issues or limited mobility, this will allow you to play with your furry friends.
8946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R21IWL4QQXI9SD" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C12h4LCElES.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1KA4uzU8PS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is one toy that is definitely kitty approved (by one of my two cats).  Many toys have come and gone, but this one has survived the test of time.
9935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best toy ever...
3627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love these bags.  Large, sturdy, thick - just awesome.
9518	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog really loves these yummy treats. And even though she's a bigger breed dog [choc. lab], she likes these sized treats because she feels like shes getting more treats than giving her 1 bigger one :) A huge hit for my dog, for sure!!!!

But you really should not leave this on for your bird all day - it should be done in 10 minute intervals only or your bird may get irritated by it (i know i get irritated by it after only 2 words).
2543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my one-year old Chocolate lab mix and she loves it!  When you squeeze it hard enough, he screams, "Oh No!" and I laugh every time.  She did bring in my bedroom at 2AM and squeeze it and it scared the daylights out of me, but other than that, it's a great toy.  My dog doesn't chew toys apart so it's held up well for us.
9506	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Unfortunately, my dog has no interest in this toy.
2356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We loved this toy, as did our dog. She is a serious chewer, so stuffed toys aren't the best idea for her but this lasted about two weeks before she managed to damage the squeaker (the "Oh no!" recording) and had stuffing coming out of it. I wish it had lasted longer but it wasn't really any fault of the company, it's the dog. She won't let go of it, so it was only a matter of time before it wore out. Definitely fun hearing "Oh nooooooo!" every so often. It's well made and a great price, too.
and I still can't believe it.
4337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Quite heavy and really sends the ball far.  Great item!
2189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The lambchop is a big hit in my house.  It has a squeaker in each foot and a big one in the body.  They hold up well and is a lot better than I expected for the price.  All squeaker toys eventually die in my house so I came back and bought two more for when that happens as I know my pup would be bummed when this one goes in the trash.

Even though the Scoop Away litter costs more than a store brand, it last longer with the LitterMaid. Because the waste is scooped automatically 10 minutes after the cat uses the box, the litter stays cleaner. Even with 5 cats, we use 7 pound bucket of litter every 2 months or so.
7100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is kinda a finicky eater but hes eating it thank god! He seems to be enjoying it so Ill probably buy it again.
9595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3 cats are very partial to this cat food and prices at Amazon are noticeable better than I find at my local Petsmart.
4911	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Lab Ioves to play fetch, but she lives to play tug and chew on stuff.  This thing worked great, but she loved chewing on it, so I finally just gave in.
4342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dont step on the ball
1619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Even though this product is NOT the traditional rawhide chew and therefore doesn't last long, I buy it because it contains  prebiotics which eliminates the need for yogurt (or other medications)mixed in dog food or treats (per vet instructions)due to my dog being on frequent antibiotics for UTI's. Great price with free shipping.  This product sells for 24.95 at Petsmart when you can find it.  The only problem I have with this product is the package seal-doesn't seal properly once this package is opened. Would like to see this product sell as save and subscribe to prevent monthly ordering.
537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My parakeets and finches love it! I put it in the cage and they went crazy I could see a difference right away. Recommend this product.
8218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs like it

4792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves these launchers!  I wish they came with more sturdy balls that wold withstand a dogs chew but I just buy my own balls and use the launcher with it.  i have a small dog- 18 pounds and he easily broke through the ball within about 10 minutes- so just be sure you have backups!
442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love how this color works! I order this last year and my dog who is 60lbs never got a tick on her! I ordered it again for this year! Thank you for an awesome product!
5844	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chubby old Beagle seems to be much more comfortable with her afternoon cookie. She's been eating baby bunnies again because she can finally catch them like the good ol days.
408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good idea but quite expensive.
3465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best poop pickup bags ever. Roomy, and very sturdy.
7086	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat loves the taste, but it gives her some really gross stomach distress.  Gave it to my roommates' cats, and they seem to be having the same issue.  It's a shame, because my cat apparently really loves the flavor, and the non-senior version of this food didn't seem to give her these issues.  Maybe it's just time for grain free forever for her.
2832	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The puppies love it.  Life is good.
3584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the best
7664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness is a company I trust.  My felines love it.

This is the second one I've purchased. The first one got left outside too much and extended UV exposure made it brittle. and finally it broke.

1087	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaids since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.
110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Exactly what I needed, and I like being able to alternate colors. It helps with sorting somehow
8409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Emily, iGone, and Maxi all like it.
Whole wheat kitty litter is dustless and naturally clumping.
Wheat Gluten:
7285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs has a chicken and poultry allergy so finding alternatives is great. We trust wellness for her.
1240	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I want to like this device, I really do.  When it works, it's a dream come true for those (like me) who hate to clean litter boxes.  Within my experience, however, "when it works" is a serious issue.  All three of the LitterMaid boxes I've owned (one regular, two Mega) have broken down beyond any hope of field repair within a couple of months after the warranty expired.  Customer service is next to useless for any significant problem; expect a lecture on selecting the proper litter no matter what you're calling about. Also, nobody I've talked to had any idea of how to order parts beyond a replacement comb. The bottom line is that these things are just too expensive to factory-repair or replace every 12-14 months, and I'm not going to do so a third time.  If they extend the warranty to three years or so, I'll reconsider.
6160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pulled off many a tick with this. Works like a charm!
Gerri Premium Gerbil Food is actually formulated for gerbils...not hamsters...leaving out the high fat sunflower seeds and peanuts.  (You CAN still feed sunflower seeds as treats...don't get me wrong...but they shouldn't be included in the "regular" food.  You wouldn't serve dessert to your kids with dinner and expect them to eat their dinner first!!)
5380	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this!  I can throw the ball a good distance which I was unable to do before.  I don't have to worry about injuring my shoulder - it works great!  I do love the glow in the dark ball I ordered with it.
445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm not happy that the price went up $10 since last year, but these collars are still well worth it, and considering I only buy them once a year I can't complain.  I live on 80 wooded acres and the ticks are horrible.  I buy one of these collars for each of my dogs at the end of winter and they are tick free all year.  When we first moved here we tried every brand of drops available and they didn't work.  These really work.  If only I could find something that worked as well for humans.
5484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This works almost too well.  I have retrieved several balls from the other side of the fence.  My dog and kids love it.
2013	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Beagle enjoys using this as a pillow in her crate. Not what we bought it for but she seems to like it :)

5456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just like my older chuckits. They work great! Just don't lay them down for the dog to pick up to chew on! They'll last almost forever.
8710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent
it lasted 5 seconds in a Yorkie's mouth, ready for garbage and now not usable with a regular tennis ball
7534	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My senior chihuahua has some stomach and intestinal problems so not every dog food is for her.  My pal loves the Wellness adult dog foods  which are in a pate form and has no problems whatsoever digesting them.
126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size to carry coffee.  the double vacuum will keep coffee hot or cold drinks cold for a long time.  It has a very sleek look and it will fit nicely in back pack pockets.  the quick release cover allows for easy access with one hand.  I received a discount to review this product.


2078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog likes so well I bought a backup!
6819	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Two stars because bubbles are always fun, but my cat ran away as soon as one popped on him and the "catnip" didn't seem to have any effect.
9841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Woof woof....love it.
326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This harness fits wonderfully. I bought a couple to give them a chance to see if the other would have held up better. I would have given it 5 stars, but they've cut the fabric too close to the stitching line so it ends up tearing out. If this was corrected, it would rate 5 stars
5965	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not a good buy.  Worked for about one week then stopped working.  Will turn if you push the button but. not at the programmed time.
647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cat liked it
7914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tough! Made of plastic so need to monitor dog!
6456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The most important thing is finding something that they will like,  contains natural ingredients and a lot of chicken. The biggest problem I have is my male Chow picks out the non chicken food and places in a very neay pile next to his dish. Some days he will come back and eat the rest but that's only if I stand next to him while he is eating so I he knows where I am. My female just gobbles every bit and asks for more.
7531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This dog food met all my expectations and the dogs inhale it. Even after just a couple of weeks, every dog's skin and coat had improved significantly. Ninety percent of the rescues I take in arrive with skin issues. Putting high quality canned food back into their diets is important for them.

6780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I first used this product when our flat coated retriever started to feel her arthritis.  After a few weeks, she was in a playful mood again!  I have recommended it to friends who have also commented that their dogs perked up again.  I currently am using this on a younger dog, so hopefully she will enjoy her mobility for longer.
9149	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Cat wasn't interested at all...
Enjoy!
3842	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We have a cat that pukes due to a medical condition.  We used this product, Bissell Pet Stain and Odor remover and it didn't get rid of the stain.  It made it lighter though.  We than got some Woolite Pet Stain and Odor remover.  The stains are gone.
4244	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These balls are OK but didn't last long with ours. It was cracked after just a few weeks and the one of ours likes to try to remove the fuzz from the service. The regular floating balls work much better and stay cleaner as well. Better off with regular tennis balls than these I think.
5499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There is nothing worse than touching a slobbery ball. This works great and lets you throw a ball a long distance so your dog gets a good workout. I highly recommend buying the rubber chuck-it balls. They last longer and bounce better.
2924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!
2739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little puppy loves this toy, and it is lasting surprisingly long. This toy is very small, but it works great for my 8-pounder.
7103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our cats love it!
221	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect,  just what I wanted for dogs to put on front porch so they can't go down stairs and still don't have to fasten gate to stay up.
8259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Ok
9060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	hope it works
Jack didn't tear it up for a long time - several weeks - but once he did, the stuffing in the head came out first - then the arms & legs. Once he started in on the body, I took it from him & removed the machine parts & he actually carried it around for another couple weeks like it was a security blanket. Even though it no longer spoke, he still knew to go & find it when I said "OH NOOO" to him. lol
449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was the only flea treatment that worked this past year, and fast. I was nervous after reading some horror stories but we had a lot of luck with it and no problems. It doesn't have the gross smell of the white flea collars , which is also a bonus .
7510	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our vet recommended wellness years ago. our dogs are healthy and absolutely love this food. we highly  recommend wellness food
9786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	90 pound Lab that chews everything apart in minutes cant make a dent in this thing. We put some peanut butter in it every night and he loves it. I buy him a new one every year. Holds up incredibly well to lots of chewing. He much prefers this over the original Kong.
6145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The kitties love these "mice." The tails don't last long so I guess it's good they come in a pack of 3. I also needed the actual wand part because the other one was really chewed up. They enjoy these even if i wave them around by hand. The panic mouse doesn't hold their interest for very long so it's nice to be able to manually engage them by taking the wand off. if you don't own a panic mouse your cats can still enjoy these.
4083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy makes up for my pitiful throwing arm. I have a GSD and she just wants to run, run, run.
4480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Product is exactly as described. Great price. Just wish it were a little bit longer so I don't have to bend over. it would be nice if the neck were a little more sturdy and had less give when picking up the ball.
3537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have two puppies and these work so much better than regular plastic bags. Pick up the poo, pull bag off you hand an tie off the top. Out is sight and no smell
5815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this clock to go on my fireplace mantel.  The wood grain and face of clock makes it look expensive.  I love the 6 Hi-Fi melodies that play on the hour.  The clock has a volume control in the back and can be turned down or turned off at night.  This clock is exquisite as far as wood grain texture and over all gives that expensive cost look.  For $99.00 is was well worth the purchase.
The car charger is simple and compact (3.75*1.83*1.34in / 1.98oz) design. It is not bulky. It is among the smallest and lightest USB car charger with 7.2A output that I have seen. It is compatible with Apple and Android products.
5952	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The idea was good and the unit is attractive but it took an inordinate amount of time to install the 9 volt battery.  It takes a small size Phillips screwdriver to open the compartment, an unnecessary precaution, and the screw started to strip.  The lead on the 9 volt battery connector is way too short and it will easily break - a real problem since it eats batteries.  It took me a half hour to install the battery, which is ridiculous.  It works for now, but the electronics will fail easily.  Set it up at the time you want to feed the cat because there is no way to adjust the hour,
9497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely the best kong toy I've ever purchased.  Puppy loves it, carries it everywhere and it's very very durable.  GREAT for strong chewers.
9046	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats really enjoy this toy. For the price it's definitely worth it. The young one plays with the ball constantly, and the older one uses the scratcher and occasionally bats the ball.
8514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves it
2822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This little guy was much smaller thank I expected, but I'm sure my 8 lb Mini Schnauzer will LOVE it on Xmas morning. I appreciated it coming with an extra squeaker, though! I would recommend this for very, very tiny dogs; no more than 8 lbs. The construction seems great to me as well; everything I'd expect from Kong!
6248	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I started my 8 yr old dog on this after she sustained a shoulder injury.  I tried several other joint formulas (cheaper, found at local pet stores) and just didn't see the results that we got with this.  I ran out once, and she was without all of it for a week...and in that time, her limp came back and her activity level dropped quite noticably.  I think this product works wonders!
1036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great deal.
4	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
3981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent balls for the chuck it launcher, the dogs love them!
3988	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy loved playing with these at the cabin.
7068	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My girls love it; they just see the can and begin wagging their tails because they know what is coming.  They finish their dry food and wet food completely now, where before it was a definite struggle.  I recommend this product.
the body has a large squeeker and all four paws have their own squeekers too
5219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Australian Cattle dog Rocket is OBSESSED with ball catching.  We have a long ball launcher at home which we use several times a day.  I ordered this shorter launcher to bring it in my bag for off-leash dog park.  When Rocket starts to herd other dogs or bark excessivly, I whip out the launcher and assign him the job of getting the ball.  It solved all the dog behavior problem.  Great product, very sturdy.  Yes I do have to bend over a bit but it's short enough to hide in my bag.
9400	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog doesn't like to chew this, so it's not a great hit.
9196	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog won't even entertain the idea of chewing on this bone.
1562	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Soooo cute & squishable!  Need one for home & one at sitter's!
4220	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like that it easily throws far and fast, makes the dog go crazy... Im also surprised how much I like picking the ball up with it. So i will reserve a FIVE STAR review pending the longevity of the device. I would like to get a few years out if its grabability.
If they would resolve this problem I would like to try this product, but I guess I'll never know as I won't order it again.
Take my review for what it's worth: Information letting others know the difference between the NEW and the OLD formulations.
4780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My doggie love this, the ball size is just right for a small dog.
8258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good inexpensive pretty foods from the Diamond Company, I love their stuff!

1774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A good snuggly toy for a non aggressive chewer
9262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Only food my cat likes.

3830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We have 5 cats, all of whom are mostly good.  Mostly.  They do mark occasionally, and it repulses me.  This spray is good at helping to eliminate and clean the odor.  It isn't perfect; so far nothing is.  This is as good as anything I've tried yet, and is good.  It does smell nice, but more importantly, it seems to mostly remove the basic underlying scent.  Good product.
9562	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not sure what is in this food but my cat will not touch it, haven't seen her react this way to canned food before. Donating the rest and going back to the other brand she loves.
9355	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this stuff, and the ingredient panel shows this to be an above average dog food.  It's not grain free, but unless your dog needs that for allergies, then you should be happy with this.

5364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We've added the 12M launcher to our collection (also have the 26M & three 18M launchers).  My hubby likes the 12M basically for the size (fits very nicely in the utility pocket of his carpenter pants).  No matter what size, these launchers are a lifesaver for the person with a sore shoulder, etc.
8998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just transitioned my cats from their kitten food to this one as they are ready for adult food.  They love it.  I have been slowly transitioning by mixing it in with their previous food and they are eating these pieces, leaving the old one in the dish.  I guess I will buy it again for them :-)
3715	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazing. A MUST HAVE if you have anything other than a tiny dog (then they seem wasteful).  PLEASE MAKE THESE FOR SMALL DOGS!
1975	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My greyhound absolutely loves this toy! She's not huge into toys, so it's nice to see when she finds one she really likes. The squeaker is LOUD and she'll really go for it for a while. I like that the squeaker in this one is easy for them to find too. Some toys have them in awkward spots or the material is too hard for them to comfortably chew on, but this one is very plush and soft.
7235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3 babies (6 yrs) love this food. I was introduced to the Nutro Brand in Petsmart by a brand rep.  Ever since I tried a small bag I have begun getting bigger bags.  They also love the chicken flavor.
Because of this we decided not to get them anymore plush toys.  But then I read the description for Dr. Noys Teddy Bear & decided to give it a try.  My "babies" have been playing with it for almost a month now and it's still in pretty good condition - it's nearly indestructable!  (This is a record for us, as most stuffed animals are completely destroyed in an hour or less!)
5681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked like a charm and didn't scratch the pan at all!! the design is really nice and allows for long-term whisking without my forearm begging for mercy. :)
8589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Well my cats kind of liked it. The chunks are a bit too big for there liking. There not the greatest at chewing, To many trips to the dentist. So most of the food gets left for the pup too clean up. I'm happy they tryed it though that's a plus. I'll try this brand in pate next.
8188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good price if you need lit treats
pet store.  I love it and it works great.  I
3647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The BEST ever in Dog POOH pick up bags.
6942	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our cat is the typically finicky eater, but he loves this stuff - all three varieties, and since he's both happy and healthy, I would say they got the recipe just right.
I've been using this for a year now.  Well, my Labrador has.  Her limp has disappeared when she initially got my vet's dosage, and then I reduced it to one tablet every day.  I do notice that her limp returns after about two months of not getting any tablets.  But, by starting the regiment all over again, she's back to no limp.  So, I bought another bottle.  Still very happy with this.
buy a heavy duty leash like this at your local
5853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great treats. My dog doesn't LOVE them but for the price and quality he'll learn to. ;) He eats them and they're good for him and that's all that matters. I've done a lot of research for hip and joint treats. The amount of good stuff they out in here and the price and the size you get cannot be beat. I will buy again and again.
1005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Usually Milk Bone products I don't buy but these were on sale and I thought I would try these out.  My two dogs just love these treats.  For them, these are just as good or better than higher priced items.  Because they are soft, I interchange them with harder treats so their teeth stay clean.  This is a treat I would definitely buy for them again next time I catch a sale.
3374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this here because I could get it in bulk cheaper for 3 cats, also use this brand because the other leading brand burned my cats skin, just sayin.
2227	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The Mr Bill doll is NOT a dog toy. It speaks, says "Oh no" .  It contains electronics and batteries that a dog can get to by crewing open the doll. It's unsafe to give a dog anything  that contains electronics and batteries as they're poison. Spare a  emergancy vet trip and skip this unsafe item.
3894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wish they squeaked but they're exactly what they say they are.  I bought 16 and then bought another 40 so obviously I like them.
This is a great toy for man and beast!!
1461	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First, The cover of this planner almost feels leather-like which I really like. It measures approximately 8" by 11". There are  index tabs for each month and plenty of room to jot down your appointments, birthdays, and anything else you may need to jot down. There's an extra place that is like graft paper for side notes or whatever you'd like to use it for. This planner is large but thin. If you wanted to, you could probably punch holes in it and stick it in a binder. I will probably end up putting this in a binder just because I think it would easily get bent up if it isn't in some type of protective case. It's thinner than my monthly wall calendar. It would do well if you tend to carry a briefcase. Other than that, I don't see this planner as one that can be carried around in your purse or backpack.

3549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great.  With walking 2 dogs daily, I've given up on the cheap varieties that tear easily.  These make picking up after them easier and much less messy.  I'll never go back.
2425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
- Keep out of reach of children. In case of accidental overdose, contact a health professional immediately.
1983	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Really Nice Toy, But our dog was able to tear it open in course of an hour. It was pretty, and soft, but unfortunately it did not hold up to our 40 lb boxer/ border collie / Dalmatian mix. Other than the lack of durability I would reccomend this toy. If your Dog is an aggressive chewer, you may want to look for another type of toy.
9298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	not enough variety for my fussy cats
UPDATE:
1630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a great product and a great value.  I would recommend these, as a dog lover. they were gobbled up
4059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I cant live without this! I have a dog who loves to play fetch and a shoulder that hurts after the 100th throw! This is an arm and life saver. Even my 5 year old can use the chuckit to play with the dog.
4981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	and the ball goes farther


The cover is thin black cardboard, but it is coated in something to make it slightly more durable and spill resistant.  And it's got a really functional band to both keep it closed or to use as a place holder.
7885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The Nylabone Dura Chew has lasted a long time (T-Rex) although it is not my dogs favorite toy. He gnaws at it every now and then for a few minutes and then leaves it alone. I think the material is too hard for his teeth. He likes his Antler a lot better.
8155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it.
3301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works well but I think the fleas are getting resistent to this stuff. Maybe need to switch it up with some other chemicals. It works good most of the time though.
1412	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not sue why but my fur baby will not eat these, she pushes it away with her nose when ever I try and give her one.

3844	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not a bad product.  Regular Tennis Balls work best with the launcher, I've found, and are much more durable and less expensive.  My Weimaraner and I go through a lot of balls when we train.  IMHO you're paying extra for the color and printing.

1115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Work as expected
I transitioned her into her new food over a couple of days by slowly and increasingly replacing her old kibbles with the new ones. She doesn't seem to have a digestive problem with the new food. So far so good. This food claims to have a lower glycemic content but I haven't noticed anything different in my dog. So I'm not sure how it works out benefit wise.

975	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I gave 4 stars because my dogs love these treats but they are made in China. I should have paid closer attention to the package and the missing American flag. But the dogs love them!
9346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
9352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He loves it
6365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I foster for a local dog rescue group, and often take in pregnant females. They are often malnourished which doesn't bode well for the unborn pups. I immediately start the moms off with this very nutritious puppy food to help build up their immune system. I continue feeding it while mom is nursing the pups, and once the pups are weaned I start them with this same food. I've raised many, healthy moms and pups who have gone on to have wonderful adoptive homes.
I would not buy these again or recommend them to anyone.
9781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Kitty liked.
9302	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I adopted my cat from a shelter and they sent me home with a smaller bag of this
5846	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Seemed to help
7403	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I Purchased the Wellness after it was rated tops in the nutrition category for dogs, much superior to Royal Canine and also Hills ID which I had been feeding him.

I have even purchased them a replacement for when the old one does bite the dust, they will have another -
7840	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Bought two, my two dogs went crazy over them, then after a week, totally lost interest. Not sure why. Anyone know? How they loved chewing it at first, then haven't touched it for almost a year now. Should just throw them out, but they still look new! Won't buy them again as my dogs aren't into them. Not sure I'm sold on the effectiveness on the teeth either.
8756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best deal
8840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and the sides are high enough to keep the litter in the container.
571	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my yellow nape amazon baby loves it... great product....
1547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these calendars.  I get one every year.  And they are pretty too.  Helps me stay organized.
2110	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Destroyed with days, not a chew toy for a dog. Maybe better as a cuddle toy for a child.

5588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price on amazon. I haven't seen the "pocket sized" Chuck-Its in pet stores I frequent either. My dog loves this. She will play fetch for hours at the park, and this helps launch the ball an extra distance. If you don't throw it fast enough, she will actually bring the Chuck-It to you. Some dogs may chew on it, so don't leave it around when you're not playing fetch.
2925	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not work it it's so tiny and shabby not worth the money at all I'm not sure it would last now I have to take my little guy to get better one ):
4799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is THE tennis ball launcher. It shoots them far enough that our Australian Shepherd gets a good workout fairly quickly. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who plays fetch with their dog.
Rakes the sand flat and scoops most of the debris consistently.

9493	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food been using it for 8 years
9584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What else can I say? This plastic box does a great job of holding cat litter and cat poop. The sides are high, so unless your cat is doing some crazy acrobatics in the litterbox, all the good stuff should stay inside. Aesthetically, it's a litter box. Ain't much you can do about that. Functionally? Perfect. 5/5 would scoop again.
2016	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy
5264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't own this, but I used it for the first time yesterday with my 60 pound, 1.5 year old Chesapeake Lab Mix.  It has to be the greatest toy ever.  Not only do I not have to pick up slobbery tennis balls anymore, but I'm not throwing my arm out either trying to throw it far enough for her to actually get some exercise.  I'm considering purchasing one just so I can save my arm in the future and also because I can't throw that far.
UPDATE (4/21/2017)
It does not contain any unnecessary ingredients such as amanita mushrooms or buteryl or isopropol acetane, which is worth another star.

7868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	L.I.T. are great for dogs with allergies or touchy stomachs.  We have 4 small dogs and they all love these.
9811	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY CATS WON'T EAT ANY OTHER FOOD BUT FRISKIES AND THIS IS A GOOD DEAL FOR MY TWO CATS. I LOVE THE PRICE AND IT COME RIGHT TO THE DOOR.
1780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Two little yorkies haven't destroyed yet.
9946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	for larger cats, fast shipping  cat food has large pieces, not for kittens
1910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the most durable toys, shih tzu loves it sleeps with it, golden hasn't destroyed it, good product
129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have used it with pasta. Did not work the greatest, had to add water twice. But it works for old fashioned rolled oats. I use the orange one. 1/2 cup oats, dash of sea salt, and one cup boiling water. Let set about 7 min with lid secure.  What I like is that I can let this sit and get other things done. No babysitting a pan. Have not tried veggies yet.

4301	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These are the tennis-type balls that come with the original Chuckit thrower.  They're OK, but they don't go the distance or have the "mouth appeal" of the Ultra Chuckit ball.  My yard is littered with these balls and none of my dogs will play with them, only the Ultra ball or various Planet Dog balls.  Plus, according to The Whole Dog Journal, these colorful tennis balls are laden with chemicals that aren't healthy for your dog.  Spend the money on Ultra ChuckIt balls; They cost more but last longer, fly farther, and are easy to clean.
3905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are your standard Chuckit! Tennis balls.  Great price at $2.54 especially for a 4 pack! You can't beat this price anywhere!
2485	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have now purchased 4 of these. It is the most beloved dog toy for 2 of my dogs. I can't just have one or the other gets insanely jealous. The toy has multiple squeakers which they love and makes the toy last longer. The owner just needs to watch and make sure none of the squeakers are eaten by the dog. But this toy is seriously the best thing ever.
While our dog is a strong chewer, the cone lasted for 6 months.  She is constantly biting off small pieces off on this one.
3326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Have been using this product for several years now on our indoor/outdoor female tabby...have never had flea one.  She spends a lot of time in our flower beds during the warm weather and lays in the grass sunning herself.

9813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty seems to like these Pate's okay.  They are new for her and she is eating them like they are most delicious!
- It's very lightweight so all 3 of my dogs, especially the 14lb chihuahua mix, can still use it and toss it into the air themselves.
6747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Dog Loves it!
9172	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs are 'chewers' and love these. They last for a long time.
9111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Just whats needed. Downside is it rolls under everything.
3702	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best bags for scooping poop. Something one has to do when taking animals outside that these bags make easier to do.
5225	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	easy and effort less tosses up to ~100 yards. can sneak up on a dog's defenses and you don't have to touch the ball with your hands. LPT: the glow in the dark balls can be thrown further than pup or man may see.
8810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs like these treats and they do not have a lot of calories (35kcal) as compared to other treats. Also, I verified with Natural Balance and was told that all of the plants which manufacture the Natural Balance Dry, Canned, Treats, Rolls, Pouches are located in the United States, with the exception of our Delectable Delights Stews and Wet Cups which are manufactured in Thailand by a state-of-the-art USFDA-approved plant.

9190	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best Buy.
I had some kind of technical problem in the beginning, i can't remember what, and was pleased with their tech support, they took care of me, way back then.
8807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice size, easy to clean, easy for older cats to get in and out of.
7767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love eating this stuff.
What is impressive about Advantage is that is a once a month application, meaning that, as long as you apply it to your pet once a month, you don't really have to worry about it until next month. This beats having to deal with flea collars, or powder that cats or other pets sometimes lick or get in their system somehow. And, of course, the other obvious impressive thing is that Advantage works like a charm. You will see a noticeable different in your pet; they probably will seem less agitated about having to bite fleas all the time. The one stickler with the product is that you need to make sure you apply it in the right spot, otherwise kitty might try to lick it and get a bad taste in his or her mouth. Other than that, it is extremely helpful.
6216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs loved them waiting to see if they work, being patient!  I also liked that they didn't have a bunch of additives.


1) Use Littermaid litter. Is more expensive but I don't have to constantly throw all of it out so I think I break even. It clumps perfectly and I get very few leavings.
* Safeguarding the health of animals and humans
5202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm happy with the item
1436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty likes these.
8058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All of our dogs have been brought up on Science Diet! Great company, great price!
andi =^..^=
1014	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is the second Sherpa bag I purchased, but the first Ultimate bag.  My Cavalier King Charles Spaniel outgrew my first Classic carrier (medium).  My only complaint with this bag is that the retaining strap used by the seat belt is on the wrong side of the bag.  When placed in the car with the strap to the rear, the air panel faces the back of the rear seat, not the front of the vehicle.  In order to use this successfully in the car, the seat belt now has to strap over the front of the bag, so my dog can have visibility and better air flow.  Sherpa products are great, but this one needs a moment of thought for a simple redesign.
3758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can poo bags be so good they make you want to cry (because for years you used inferior ones)?  This poo bag puts all others to shame and is worth every penny I spent on it!  They are thick and the little pocket is so deep I can pick up all of my large dog's poo in one bag, and there is enough room to tie it off at the top.  Ever go to a dog park and you and the other dog owners are standing around talking with your bags of dog poo but you want to leave because the stench of feces is bad?  If everyone used a Mitt Mutt, you wouldn't have that problem....  Best Bag Ever!
Am giving this four stars because the cost is very prohibitive, especially when I'm unemployed.  :(
4372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A must for Hours of fun at the park!
3740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best poop gathering product I've ever used, not even close.

CARDBOARD MATERIAL
7113	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This made my cats' poo so smelly we switched brands. I even wrote the company asking for more info regarding the product, and they ignored me!
9607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not sure if it's just a puppy thing, but this food disappeared so fast. She loved it!
  If your dog likes vocal toys this is great- it's not too loud and the body is soft enough that it doesn't break anything if it gets whipped a lil wildly while they play with it. Definitely a good buy. 
4021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog will play chuckit ball till she drops.  Great exercise and fun for all.  These are tough and easy to see in the grass.
The cover is thicker cover stock. The elastic strip that holds it closed is strongly held to rivets in the back. The pages aren't thick, but of the right thickness.
2120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy, my dog loves it!
No muss no fuss!
1423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves em', if he's happy I'm happy!!!

6654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My wife and I have 1 cat that is VERY picky about her litter. If any of the other cats have used the clay litter then she will walk away from it and use the restroom somewhere else in the house. In an attempt to find a better solution we ordered Yesterday's New's and found that she would use this litter even if someone else had as well. We have 3 litter boxes in the house and one has been assigned this litter, in the future we may start switching all of them over to it as well.
well, here we are 25 days after ordering, so probably three weeks into daily use. i still have to turn it on and off manually. now, that wouldn't be a HUGE deal, since i'm in there anyway feeding the kittehs. however, because i can't sense when it's been 10 minutes since either cat went in, i have to hope that the clumps are fully formed. i think it has happened that way for me twice. the rest of the times, the mushy clod of unclumped kitty-pee mixed with the clay litter sticks to the rake as it goes through its little journey. also doesn't sound like HUGE deal, does it? well...turns out that the rake doesn't hit the aforementioned sensors until it goes alllll the way to the receptacle end and then allll the way to the resting end. and it can't push through the litter if a big ol' piece of you-know-what is blocking the openings between the rake's teeth. so every time it runs now, i have to sit beside it and use the little toothed plastic scoop to try to get all the gunk out from between the teeth. usually it still hasn't pushed the litter into an even surface by then, so the litter forms little dunes at either end, and it can't get up into the resting position. and i don't want to leave it partially out of the resting position, because that's down the side of the box into the...work area, and a kitteh will ...work on it. so i spend at least as much time as i'd spend scooping a regular box that size to get it cleared out all the way, getting the glued-to-the-bottom gunk out, and cleaning the rake until i can get it far enough up out of the box that nothing will get on it.

3760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This type of "poop" bag is very good.  They are thick bags, doesn't seem to emit the smell if you have to carry around with you a little bit until you find a trash can.  This is the 2nd time I've ordered this brand and will continue to do so - they are very durable and easy to tie.
2852	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of our small dogs (1 dog is a 8 lb Chiweenie and the other doggy is a 30 lb Chihuahua/Jack Russel Terrier Mix) absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE these little toys with squeakers in them!! The product comes with an extra squeaker in the package also. In the back of the toy, where the squeaker goes, there is a small pocket that is held closed by a small piece of Velcro. When I first saw the pocket I figured the toys would not last 5 minutes. Our Jack Russel Terrier likes to rip toys into small pieces .... that is the fun for him! We have had these toys now for at least a couple of weeks, or more, and both dogs carry the little toys around squeaking them - they have not been able to rip any of them (we bought multiple toys) and the original squeaker is still alive (WOWWOW!!). Not 1 rip or tear so far... that is VERY IMPRESSIVE!! Most toys don't make it past 15 minutes!!!

2527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is carried around by our rescue Jack Russell and has not been ripped to pieces, we like to think it is because he thinks of it as a human and loves it. He has many because humans are not supposed to keep saying Oh No as it get on anyone's nerves even a dog.
9005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for my closet. Cats like it, too lol

7162	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
The only complaint is that the backstop is too short. I've lost a slice or two of bacon that slid away from me (VERY non-stick surface!) while trying to flip it! But other than that, I couldn't live without this griddle and I highly recommend it. Especially for busy families with little time to cook.
821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just LOVE At-a-glance planners!  They're so well made and durable, and the design is always so pretty, especially this one.  It has a very chic, simple and elegant look.  The cover is very nice, and it's durable, and it feels like it'll hold up extremely well through the coming year.
1638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little fat maltese didn't fit into his old carrier anymore, and we went to PETCO to shop around and being the dramatic dog he has always been, he went ballistic and hopped into this one at the store and wouldn't get out and he is very obedient to me. So since he was whining I as his loving pack leader ordered it for him for half the price from here, thank you so much. I love this bag, I can choose to keep him covered or if it's cold I can block out the elements with ease and no one has a clue I'm carrying a dog, perfect!
2796	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE these toys!! Lasted much longer than expected!!
3083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a 2 year old 70lb yellow lab that is full of energy and does well on the leash rather it is walking or go along with us on a bike ride.  My wife wanted to take him running with her but didn't feel like holding on to the leash because typcially your arms move a lot when you run.  She told me about this belted leash she saw online one day so of course I pulled up Amazon typed it in found about 5 different brands saw this was the cheapest and best reviews so I bought this one.  I bought it on Friday around 3pm and paid to have it shipped in 1 day for $3.99 because she wanted to use it on Saturday because of the nice weather we were getting.  She went for a good run with Scout or dog and said it was AWESOME and the cool thing is the loop can go from left to right depending on what side the dog likes the most.  I'm not a huge runner but I did take him out on it for a walk on Sunday and I have to say it was pretty nice to not hold on to the leash the whole time.  The good thing is you can grab it like a leash if you have to just in case the dog starts to pull away.  We highly recommend getting this esp. for the price.
4043	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	OK
9017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these dinos. He is a 115 lb. german shepherd, and these nylabones really stand up to his chewing. It takes months to wear down to the point where I take one away and replace it with another just like it. He has a basket full of chew toys and his dinosaurs are always his first choice.
9009	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.

9649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery. Our cat likes her new litter pan. As long as the cat is happy we are too!  :)
9275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My girls love these and so does  Santa. He brought 2 bags at Christmas. There are no grains in them. Potatoes, sweet potatoes, cane molasses,canola oil etc. and the size is just right for them to have a treat but not feeling like they are getting a meal. They have a crunch to them which the dogs love.
3160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exelant prise and quick delivery
2990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two dogs, one big and one small...they both love this toy.  Best of all, it's extremely durable.  Normally with squeaky toys I have to monitor their play with them because if I don't then I come back in the room three minutes later and they have it all torn apart, stuffing all over the room and have proudly destroyed the squeaker.  This one we've had for a couple weeks now, it's in their toy basket that they always have access to, they play with it pretty much daily and they've yet to destroy it.  Fantastic deal on this.
8088	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Helps to keep my six-year-old girl in shape!

1157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As a foster furmomma for a cat rescue and a cat slave to my own cats, this prodcut is a dream come true and has been saving my life for 10 years now! Worth every penny you pay (if you avoid the high retail) and worth the time it saves.  Yes, they do break down, what doesn't?  But with a little care and obvious common sense these work for YEARS!  You do have to break them down a few times a year for a good cleaning and keep the track the rake rides in halfway clean, but otherwise still the best thing. I will never be without them or without a spare in the closet just in case!
9143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The kitties love the size and shape of this kibble.  I'm pretty sure they like the taste too.  We sometimes use this for treats because they enjoy it so much.  And all the kitties love it.  We currently have ten (too many, I know) and all of them love this kibble.
6581	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Was excited to save some money and start buying these cans in bulk. Unfortunately, I started opening them. There was just a mush of dog food in it. Not a solid piece like there's supposed to. View pictures for reference. Never buying these again.
5761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work really well and are a lot of fun!  Makes swatting Mosquitos a lot easier.  Going to get some of these for fun gifts with a purpose
Dzm
2952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really cute...makes a nice toy for a puppy who is perhaps missing his siblings...Well made and so soft...I highly recommend...

9646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a good size for the older cat, in that it isn't too high for her to climb in. It's also big enough so that she doesn't pee over the side of it onto the floor.
2652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dogs like it
531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	"Little Ricky" (who looks just like the bird in the photo)  approves.  :D
Arthur von Boennighausen
8539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty loves this -great Prime Pantry Price

I use this pitcher for flowers in water...... It matches a bunch of plates, cups and other flat wear made by the same company.  This is a large pitcher with a wide base.
3126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As soon as I opened the Amazon box, Harri was right there, jumping up and grabbing the toy in her mouth and tearing off like a dog on fire. She seems to like the visual texture the dye-job provides, along with the actual texture of the fur.  I got her the large dog toy, wich seems to be just the right size for her. She's a 65 lb. Coonhound, which is not what I would consider to be a large dog, for those of you wondering about which size to get. So far, it seems to be a sturdy toy, but it has yet to be tested by a good game of tug-of-war between Harri and her sister, Sally.  It has held up very well to a lot of other plush toys, and I've found that I've had good luck with Dr. Noys in the past, so I'm more likely to take a chance on Dr. Noys compared to other plush toys.
1955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are very high quality pet toys but they wont' last very long if you don't keep an eye on your dog.. those ears are so chewable :)
7799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality kitten food. It is approved by the veterinary association that recommends healthy cat foods. My cat enjoys eating this food.
While the price is quite expensive for dog food, I think the ingredients is better than the cheaper alternatives.  But the Pro Plan is recommended overall for people searching for dog food that is better than the cheaper alternatives but for those on a budget, it may be too expensive for some.
1367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this product.
8323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price for nylabone toy.
To date, our best luck - and that's an overstatement - has been with the canned brand that provides the cats with an opportunity for fancy feasting. But, even then, that's only with some of the varieties. For instance, they generally don't like "flaked" or "minced", or "sliced." What may work on a good day is the "classic", "grilled", or "chunky." It's a crapshoot.
2133	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Most adorable dog toy EVER.  Each paw has a small squeek, as well as the tummy.  It's my dogs favorite toy.
9580	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dangerous for strong chewers. My Lab destroyed her second one in a day and then began vomiting and pooping out plastic bits.
2276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little havi is nuts crazy about her Mr. Bill.  After one day of play she figured out how to make him say his famous "Oh Noooooo".  Now we just say "Go get Oh Noooooo" and off she goes to get him.
2327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh No!  We couldn't resist this toy.  I think more for us than our fur babies.  It's a sturdy dog toy.  Recommend.
3267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I operate a small scale rescue, so having a LOT of worm tabs on hand is a good idea. At vets and feed stores these can go for up to $25 a bottle!
1379	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works fine, plugged our TV and our speakers.
763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My calendars are an essential part of my life as I've gotten older. And, they allow writing on the date and notes on other pages.
6020	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My three dogs love these yip yaps, crunch them up, and do have resultantly sweeter breath. Having bought some in a pet store a long time ago, I was delighted to be able to find them online.
Highly recommend!
1182	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My previous Littermaid box was over 4 years old and finally quit (it's used by 2 cats daily).  After checking reviews on the newer Littermaid models, I decided to stay with the LM500 and I don't regret it. The litter box size is a little smaller than the old box, but it works great (my cats each weigh about 7-3/4 lbs, they're small cats, so the size difference wasn't a major problem). I have no regrets getting this model again.  Sometimes I have to scrape the kitty goo from the bottom of the box where it seeps and coagulates, but I had to do that with the old box too. When you change and clean the litter box section, wipe some baby oil on the bottom of the pan before you add new litter, it helps to lift the coagulated kitty goo more easily.

9770	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these
4288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I would say these are good for dogs 30lbs and under. They're pretty small. My dog hasn't destroyed them yet so they're pretty sturdy!
1158	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love this litter box. I do not use the lids, and keep using the same receptacle until it tears or cracks. (Usually 3-4 months). I just dump it out a couple times a week. Makes these things last forever
It's a great little football, flies far and is a lot of fun. I highly recommend this toy for young and old alike.
1600	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the Fluvla Spec V.  With very few easily done modifications it fit perfectly in the overflow box.  The flow is so much better and left more than enough room for my heater.  There is of course some hum but wrapping the unit in foam deafens this considerably.  No louder than a moderate sized skimmer for those concerned.
It's also an incredible tool if you've got young kids and dogs: You can teach the kids to throw w/ the launcher and make a game out of who can throw the farthest, and the dog gets to play fetch. BAM!
Good product. Closes up nicely and fits in my Laredo with no problem. Can easily be stored upright, bungeed to the roof or just laid flat. Feel good about the purchase.
The bad...it does not work for long before things get weak and then ultimately break it.  The thing still gets messed up and cleaning all the little corners and angles is a dirty job and it cannot be done with a hose because all the electronics are not protected in any way from water.  It is not a substitute when one goes away for more than 2 days.  I have two cats using this and not full time.  I needs to be emptied every two days. You must use good quality clumping litter.  The replacement canisters are expensive if you do not reuse them.  In fact, it is cheaper to just use a coventional litter pan and throw away the whole thing litter and all instead of using the refuse containers as throw away items.  The lids will fall off and need to be taped in place.

3507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for over 10 years.  I like that they are biodegradable, yet still have some substance to them.
4299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Labradoodle love this toy. It's large enough to he can't swallow it and he hasn't destroy any part of it yet.  Made well.
The product itself is fine I think.  Rather long, doesn't store in the back of the car like I thought it would.  They should probably make it 3 folding sections that you can put in the back of the car with the dog(s).
4683	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	puppy loves anything related to a ball.  sure saves my arm
7744	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Sniff..sniff...lick...lick..meh....then walk away. Flush money down to the toilet
861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs favorite treat. When we have lunch he is ready for this treat.
8260	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Gives my lab to much gas! Dear God!!!
6907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats with allergies can eat it without any problems
9408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it! I have 2 eight month old cats, didn't realize I bought the adult cat formula but they love it! They won't even eat their old kitten food!
5625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gift
397	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best price on a great product. Return buyer.
5831	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The dogs hated the taste...
6291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 cats and found the pate is more filling than the gravy version so I'm going to stick to this. I can tell they really like it since they try tripping me every feeding time to get their point across.

3717	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a 70 lb dog, so I need big strong bags.  Mutt Mitts are the best.  They are long enough that you can easily tie them after you pick up the poop and strong enough that your nails or sticks never go through the bag.
My cats eat a small portion of this food with breakfast and dinner each day. They are very happy.with the flavors offered here, as well as the texture. I am happy with the price and convenience of getting it from Amazon. So far, it has not arrived dented which was one concern I had before I ordered it. And it does arrive on time (I now get the automatic repeat orders).

712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  Just like with parenting...we need 2 hands sometimes while keeping our loved ones safe.  I just got a puppy 5 days ago and already used it outside to get the recycling and garbage to the curb.  Not for leash walking training as too tempting to bite/chew when it dangles.  But eventually, that will be great as well.


1261	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nu Pet seems to be a great product at a great price.
911	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My youngest wnated to ge ther sister a stuffed peacock...I have no idea why. It's cute, colorful and soft.
3817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	works great. no more stains!
7370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kittens love them!!!!


Also, the small launcher is a lot easier to carry. The small launcher fits in my dog-walk-stuff backpack (with the ball in the launcher so I don't have to dig for it later), but the big ones don't easily. The launcher also has a hole in the end so you can hang it from your bag or whatever with a carabiner. The big ones are too long for that in most cases, and swing back and forth.
3504	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The city park near us stocks these. They're the best dog bags I've ever seen, but 9 times the price of the Amazon-branded, thinner, bags. I don't think I can justify the price to myself without first suffering an accident caused by the worse quality bags!
3607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt Mitts are the best dog poo picker uppers ever!
9729	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I messed up. This cat food is a serious reject for all my 6 cats and even the ferals won't eat it. I put it out and then have
1073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it and so do I. I no longer have cat litter flying out all over the floor as  any litter they fling out stays in the tent. I have 3 of these and don't think I could do without them. I believe my cats like the privacy as well.
Amazon always a pleasure to visit and shop your web-site.
933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My poodles like them. I have ordered these several times so they are a hit in this house.
I highly recommend the LitterMaid 700.
8081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs love these dinosaurs, just wish they lasted a bit longer through the constant gnawing of my dachshund. Guess its better the dinosaurs than my couch!
5592	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We've got a golden retriever and a pug russel mix and both of them are crazy for playing fetch. Unfortunately I have a pretty pathetic pitch. I have to give it everything I've got to get any distance so after just a few throws my shoulder hurts, my hands are slimy and the dogs are still rearing to go. Which is why I LOVE THIS TOY!! I can send it so much farther without having to put in so much effort. My favorite part is having clean hands and tired dogs! The product comes with one "Chuckit" ball but also works with standard tennis balls (which I recommend). The Chuckit balls aren't very durable and it seemed like the dogs were having a harder time seeing the darker colors in the grass and water.
FACT: In order to walk or train your dog, you just HAVE TO rely either on a leash, a collar, or a harness. Again, those tools are mandatory! Can you make the same kind of argument about a cheesy little box that makes a clicking sound? No, you cannot!
well, the LM700 finally broke for good, sensor or motor, dunno, it won't return or go in reverse. so we "upgraded" to the LM900 which only seems to differ in that it has higher sides making it a little quieter. on inspection also noticed that the new one also only has sensors on one side. other than that "downgrade" the motor seems stronger and doesn't jam at the same full levels that either of the other two boxes did.
coffee table, another when he went up and down it on the step out the sliding door and then more treats when you put it up in the car! This is 10 stars, honestly, it's perfect! He's only 2 but we take our golden retriever everywhere and I started to cringe watching his ankles and hips with multiple ins and outs of our vehicles per day. Pros: genius preventative on pet's body; material is one million percent injury proof; ideal width for even a large dog; works for husband's suburban and my car trunk (has a pass thru to the backseat that he climbs thru once he gets in trunk); all weather proof; super sturdy-no weakness or sag to it; color; would be shocked if it didn't last a lifetime. The only con would be it's a bit heavy but once you get used to maneuvering it, the weight seems more manageable.
9560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mix Pate with water...
2347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is our dogs favorite toy! It's like his woobie! He carries it everywhere, snuggles with it, goes to get it if he's board or frustrated. Very well made toy. We do go thru about one a month or so. He eventually bites three the middle, pulls out the stuffing and "oh nooooooo" box it's great fun. We keep the voice boxes around to call him. Still in training 8 mo old Golden Retriever...
8153	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs rejected these completely. I didn't want to have wasted the money so I even put peanut butter on them trying to entice the dogs to play with them. They licked off the peanut butter and ignored the toys. I don't know why. They have many toys and are not usually picky, but just did not want these
3214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderful. Calm my dog in times of stress.

1308	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this ear wash on my, highly sensitive and allergic to everything, Weimeraner for a couple of years now.  We have even been able to avoid prescription medications if I catch the ear soon enough!
W-4455
7054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My older cats love this food.  There must be a difference because the younger two try to steal it out of their dishes.  I guess I will have to get Max Cat for them now too!
That's it. Toss the Maid out on her ear and get a Robot. You get all the cleaning without any of the pain.
So how does it pass on the taste test?  Very good!  It has small, uniform little bites... about 1/4" wide and 1/8" thick... good for large or small dogs.  And it was gobbled up super quick with no complaints... a definite A+ there.  It smells fine too... yay for that!
4451	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog was adopted when she was older and has no idea what to do with toys. I actually bought this to exercise my neighbor's Visla...Once he's tired, it's easier to walk him...This works great and doesn't strain my shoulder or elbow. I get much more distance with each throw.  Wish I had bought it earlier...
After several months of use, when it became apparent that it was causing more work, we timed how long we spent dealing with the unit. When we were scooping by hand, we were spending about 10 minutes a day getting the litter clean. With the machine, we were spending, on average, about 20 minutes per day. Time and work saver? I think not.

9280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This a Great toy!  You can put treats in it!
3021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super convenient. I've used this system on many walks/runs now - it's such a relief to be able to run with the dog and not hold a leash. Not to mention that my dog goes though periods where she likes to pull, and with the leash attached to my waist it's slightly less annoying. Both the waist and the leash length are adjustable, and being able to unclip the leash is convenient when I have to get the dog into the car but don't want to take off the whole belt. We're 9 months and and no incidents, it's held up fine. If I lose this one, I'm certainly buying another.
-dog can play with either end of the toy.
4007	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Like the bigger size so they can both grab them and play.
6040	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great, quality ramp.  Buy with confidence.
8114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a good all around Koi food at a decent price that we've ordered for years and which our fish happily devour. We do mix in food sticks and pellets from other brands to provide variety.
6547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product, delivered to my door.

weight despite eating such a small amount and the male filled out.  Both are supplemented with kibbles.

1095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The tent was rather cumbersome to put together, and now that it's in place, I've found it relatively difficult to get to the litter box for maintenance (e.g., to clear a jam or add more litter).  But it does work!  It covers the litter box completely and the cats can get into and out of it, but the dog no longer can.
7413	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these.
3519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for its purpose.
9391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since we got our puppy in Aug. 2014 this is all I buy and only here at Amazon. I get this because it is a higher grade of healthy food for a developing puppy. He loves it and I feel good that it is of a high quality. With Amazon Prime I get it very quickly .
8537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great chew toy, the pup loses interest but it's great for his teeth!
To reuse the soundmaker I left the soundmaker in Mr. Bill's head because the batting (stuffing) there provided pretty good protection. I removed the batting from the rest of the body and placed Mr.s Bill's head with the soundmaker inside into a long men's sock (think sock monkey). I placed more batting around Mr. Bill's head to give soundmaker more cushioning.  Suggestion: it may be a good idea to use packing tape on the outside of the soundmaker itself to keep it intact (just in case you have dog that likes to chew). One sock is not enough cushion surrounding Mr. Bill's head though because holes can be made easily into just one sock layer and the jaw pressure from a dog's mouth could break the plastic on the soundmaker. Because of this, I suggest 2-3 socks (short or long on the inside) with the outermost sock long because then you can tie 2-3 knots at the end.  What you have is a long body that you can draw some eyes on with permanent marker on one end of the body and the knots at the other end will be like a rope toy.

8906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product, will order again.
8215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy and it is super durable.
4721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product and I will be purchasing it again.
8347	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Every can was damaged even though it was in the case.  I didn't pay this much for damaged goods.  I am almost afraid to give this to my dog. What if the damage is from bacteria from a bad batch causing the can distortion.  If I wanted to buy damaged goods I wouldn't be paying full price.  Not ordering this again.  DISGUSTED!!!!!
8467	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	At first when I saw the toy, I wasn't very impress with what I get. This toy is tiny. But when I gave it to my then 6-months old beagle puppy, she loves it. She will play with it everyday, even after a tiring day at daycare. My beagle is a powerful chewer, and I swear that she could be pretty destructive. But with this Nylabone Dino-bone, it's still perfectly in tact.
9375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dog's favorite toys! So far pretty indestructible and she destroys most toys in minutes!
Lamby has been, hands down, the favorite and most loved by our middle child.  She never eats him, only squeaks him all day.  And even she has been known to Kill a toy every now and then.  Not Lamby.  Never.  She protects him like a child, going so far as to jump into Daddy's protective arms whenever Lamby is threatened.
4671	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works great
7662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats go crazy for this stuff.  Even the picky guy gets pushy when I am trying to open the can and dump it out.  Then I have stand by because he has a habit of snarfing down his food so quickly when it is one that he likes that he can barf it back up.  Luckily these are just the right portions, I am mean and make my cats split a can for a treat in morning and evening.
2159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our 5 month old puppy went nuts over this toy, but unfortunately it didn't last very long. I sewed the face up several times. Finally decided to remove all the stuffing and squeakers. Now it is a flat toy- and she loves it again!
7614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The kittens go up and down with this.  Sometimes they love it, and sometimes they don't.  I haven't yet figured out what the determining factor is!
Oh, i almost forgot. My cat always liked to use only one side of the Litter Maid, so the waste would pile up on one end of the plastic container, causing it to fill up faster, only on that side, than it would if it had been distributed evenly.  When it fills up and doesn't close completely, that's when i can smell it and i go into action to change the container, but i alway would find that half the container wasn't used, it was empty on one side, full on the other. This never affected the mechanical performance of the Litter Maid itself.
5002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun, fun and fun!  Our dog loves to run after the ball, now to get her to bring it back!
270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I really like these (I got three different colors) but the sizing is off. A small usually fits my dogs just fine. This ran big. By the time I adjusted it the wording was obscured so that one reads "dog" one reads "nerv" and one reads "ly"... otherwise they are fine. I got matching harnesses so I feel that the obscured wording isn't as big of a deal, but without the harness no one would know what the colors say. An extra-small size would have worked better, but small is the smallest offered. Good color and quality though.
3324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ordered off reviews online and from a vet when my cat got fleas. I use monthly now as a preventative measure. I'd do ANYTHING to keep from having to go through that again.
5117	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The ball breaks so easily and so fast, not as good as the previous version.
3805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this item a few times in the past. The pretreat works very well when used as instructed. Great for the little messes.
8359	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I got this for a large American Bulldog.  He likes it and it is good quality at a fair price.  It does have corn in it but at least corn is not the first ingredient.  This is good basic dog food, nothing fancy but it's a bargain and it actually smells like it is edible.  The cheaper dog foods smell vile and toxic, this smells like actual food and the dog likes it and is doing well on it.
3791	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works better than anything else I've tried.
7899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's just okay, they eat it and I think it's good for them.
A complete different story with this dog food!  Every time I'm about to fill her bowl she jumps off the ground in anticipation. Like high off the ground!  I reckon that deserves a review.  She's never been anywhere near this enthusiastic before.
1) the set-up is really easy.  i for one don't read directions, and it was simple enough.
2757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I am satisfied with this, but it does not look like the picture so we now have two of the same bear.... which works out okay
1082	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaids since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.
6088	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	at how well this works.  Yes you can pinch your fingers but you have to be a klutz to do it.  Handles my 120lb shepherds with ease and they like it and it seems like it will last for a long time, very sturdy.  Not too heavy for the strength it has but at 18lbs or so might be a bit much for elderly or smaller folk.  Works well with SUV, don't know about smaller cars cause it is not small.  I and my dogs are both very happy with it and the price was MUCH cheaper on Amazon then at the pet stores!
7781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been feeding Wellness food to my Chihuahua for nearly a year and she loves it. She dances around eager for her breakfast when I start scooping it into her dish. I would give it 5 stars, except that it is difficult to find in the 6 oz size, and it has that room-filling reek that most canned dog foods have (which my dog loves, but I hate). She has not had any digestive issues with the food, and I like that the first three ingredients on the list are all turkey, and the following three are vegetables. I can actually see the sweet potato in the food. My dog doesn't have any food allergies, but I have read that foods using alternative meats such as turkey, lamb and duck can help if your dog has poor reaction to beef based foods. As long as they keep making this, I'll keep buying it.
4103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best tennis balls for dogs you can find!

8164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat has been diabetic for about three years now(he is 12 y.o. and 18 lbs.) He has been fed this dry food as well as the Purina DM, and the canned foods by both as well. He has gone in and out of remission over the years. In the last few months, however, his numbers kept in the 250-300 range. I was so frustrated. We had to keep giving him more Lantus until it was 8 units two times a day. I started reading and see that many people say the dry will not help and this is pretty confusing because the "Prescription DIet" is supposed to be the best. I stopped the dry and continued with the HIlls canned. As others have said, his numbers droped drastically- 40 and 50 some days, and now is normal again (150, 133, etc). Fortunately I am able to do the BG tests at home, and urine as well, so I can adjust based on numbers. I am ready to change to Fancy Feast and Friskies Pate canned food- they are getting rave reviews and are less expensive. Slow transition from one food to another is necessary.

6646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product loved by my dogs!
9507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy for my dogs. It's hard to find things that they can't destroy in seconds, plus I love that it's a dinosaur.
Now I only check them with the comb once a week
- An exam from a vet is recommended prior to using this product.
Amazon WAS the best price I could find and I have 6 animals, 5 of them medium to large dogs so I MUST find the best prices. I was about to order tonight even tho I noticed the price had gone up from the last few purchases but while I was shopping for other things I noticed that there was about a $3-$4 increase in price WHILE I was shopping. That is a pretty drastic jump all at once. So sorry to say I have have found it cheaper elsehwere. $36.46 for the 650gram tub and free shipping. Bring the price back down and I will continue to buy it from Amazon.
4577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it. I'm not a baseball player so this is awesome!  Main plus to me is that I don't have to touch the dirty balls and it can be used with any regular sized tennis ball.
1665	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had my aging cat on this for years. She had arthritis in her legs and I KNOW it worked because once, I ran out and she stiffened up immediately. As soon as I put her back on the product she was fine. They say this product is for dogs only but it is fine for cats too, they only had to make this labeling distinction recently, I don't remember why. Make sure you dont' give them a dog-size dosage though! just a little sprinkle a day.
1006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs tend to spit out pills, so I just sprinkle this on top of their food. I have several "oldies", but they're still going strong. Have been feeding this product for years now.
7530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	And he's going on two  years now so he's no puppy. But I keep this around for special treats because he loves it so much more than any adult food. He loved it as a puppy of course too and has developed nicely. Wet food is great for his coat and his digestion. Highly recommend.
Now on with the review. First and foremost, I appreciated that it arrived in very Eco-friendly packaging. Many electronic devices come in large, plastic containers however, this company uses small cardboard. I think many people can appreciate an environmentally conscious business.

These are a kind of a small kibble.  My dogs all weigh about 80 pounds, so it was slightly small for them but they didn't mind.  Only one of the bowls was eaten right away, by our german shepherd.  The other two were left for morning.  Both of our border collies did not eat at their usual time.  I didn't take this as a food protest though; they probably just weren't hungry.
5936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is the best invention. My cat was waking me up at 6am everyday for food. I set this to feed her two times a day, around 6am and 6pm. So I have it set for the 12 hour option (there's 6,12,24). There are two big freezer packs if you want to put wet food into it.  I did have to figure out how to fill it. Basically, I had to pull the two parts apart. the center console is clipped in, very well, but does take a bit to get it out. It's great though because my cat can't get it out. I found out that everything needs to be snapped closed for it to rotate correctly, including the center console/timer part. if you don't snap it tight, it won't rotate. The food tray will not spin if the cat hits it with their paw so they can't eat more than intended. It's locked in. I can now sleep past 6am (until she decides she's hungry again)

1982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love this toy.
7613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I order this often for my cats great price no shipping awesomeness
1487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it and the company decided not to make it any more so was happy to find this
6997	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	A lot of dented cans. 8 of 12 cans.
570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cockatiel loves this perch!  She is the most avid chewer that I've ever had in such a small package, so this perch is the ideal solution for her.  She has a manzanita perch in her "condo" that just frustrates her, since the wood is so hard she cannot break any of it off.  This perch is very hardy, but the nifty little pieces of wood that she can break off just makes her day (and it's not terribly messy, so it makes mine, too).  I don't think that I'll have to replace this one any time soon, and feel good about highly recommending it to other bird owners that want to keep their birds from getting bored (note: I don't mean to make this sound like a toy replacement, but since most birds have a relatively short attention span, they need a lot of different stimulation to avoid boredom).  You will not be disappointed if you purchase this for your feathered pals.
smmall ones in the toy box because thats all they will play with.  I even bought a bag of extra squeakers !!!
7870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them
I'm not someone who likes to pick up poop after their dog but I don't mind it now using the bags.
7911	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dogs love them, which is odd for a biscuit treat.  Would be interested in knowing calories/day because sometimes they go though a lot.
5573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves to play fetch and this works great! The only think I didn't like about the smaller one is that it has a shorter handle. I wish it was still the full length so it is easier to get off the ground.
2351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This guy is cute my puppy loves it.

The cost of the plastic containers is prohibitative but at least they can be used over again. I usually scooped my plastic container and left it in until I cleaned the entire box out -- about once a month.
4656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pooch loves it!
Chuckit! Large Max Glow Ball 3-Inch, 1-Pack
5537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Does throw long ways. Our big dog has always loved playing "fetch the ball" but he is getting a little old and Chuckit throws it so far that my poor baby gets really tired after a few throws only...He loves it and recognizes as soon as he sees it. We love the fact that you don't have to pick up the yucky, slimy, muddy ball...as long as the dog drops it of course.
4388	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product and excellent price (got it as add-on)!  Now, if only I can get my dog to play fetch...
3035	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Received the next day after ordering!  I like the concept of being hands free but you do need to be careful.  My dog weighs more than I do so I'm extra alert to approaching dogs, skateboarders, and wayward cats since I don't want to be flying along in the air!

4211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the longer chuckit more than this shorter one but it still does what its intended to do
9618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We lost this toy two times, I keep buying it again, the dogs love this dinasour.
7575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	all my dogs love these and they are great chew toys.
Original review:  Another great Nylabone product.  I love that dogs can chew on Nylabone products and they can't pull off pieces like products from other brands (Hartz for example).  The Dura Chews are especially great for our hard chewers and they last forever!  I love all of the dimples on their chews too, they're great for keeping our dogs' teeth clean.  The vet is always impressed when they check their teeth.

6156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! Best way to remove ticks. Period.
8062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My alaskan husky loves these treats . Very large box for a very large dog. I got the mixed flavor so he does not get tired of one flavor
459	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is my third time buying Seresto collars. They worked extremely well the first two times, but didn't work this time.
9417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two Maine Coon rescues.  Both are fed twice a day.  I score the food in four after opening and remove 1/4 of the pat which is then halved.  Each gets 1/8 in the morning and 1/8 in the evening.  The food is gone and they beg for it.  The female put on a lot of
9653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have always gotten this for our cat. She loves it and we have never had a problem with it. Its hard to find pet food without all the crap in it and this is top rated.

1790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is one of our Rottie pups fav toys! He's gentle on his "babies". Not recommended for strong chewers. Cute toy!
works. I should have used YN a long time ago. It is not available in
6346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is good for one of my Labradors but not the only, only because the other will not eat his food when this is mixed in. I use 2 scoop per day, scoop provided in package and it keeps my dogs from going lame. They run and play hard. I walk them between 70 and 80 miles per week, plus they swim 3-5 times a week. My dogs are 8 and 9, and using this keeps at least the one running strong.
4606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Helps keep my puppy entertained.
Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your
7569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Cats love FRISKIES, just wish they offered the TASTY TREASURES & SAUCESATIONS versions...';-)
6436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Doesn't matter what I think.  All I know is that my cats, who don't like anything, clean their dishes.  They like it, so I like it.
3899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fit the chucker just right.

7599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	like it
3442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Advantage is an excellent product.  I'll use it for a few months and then use another product that kills fleas AND ticks.  I live in a heavily infested tick area, so it's necessary to use this flea and tick medication.  However, this medication is not as effective as Advantage in killing fleas, which is why I alternate the two.
They are a good size for both my dogs. An 11lb Yorkie and a 15 lb Dachshund.

6132	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this ramp a little over 10 years ago when I bought an SUV and did not want to lift my elderly 65 lb dog into the rear.  He caught on right away and this worked so well he never missed his car.  I got 2 puppies 8 years ago and still have the SUVs - didn't want to damage their puppy legs so have used this right along every single day into their older years!  It has held up remarkably well and I can easily fold it and stow it in the back when it is not being used.
8472	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog enjoys this food although she likes it when I wet the food and stir it. My vet recommended I purchase science diet. I buy from Amazon since it is cheaper. I am considering changing food since my havanese of 9m doesn't seem to be as interested in her food as she used to be. I've tried science diet w/d prescription and mixing it too because she's had loose stool with blood. All testing shows no problems. I wonder if it's the food. I will update later once I try another brand with more protein and fiber content. Thanks!
4545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	saves my arm
7808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a favorite. They like it Pate style just works for them.

The Litter Maid rake did not clean easily and with my policy of not paying a lot of attention to the litter box, eventually the second Litter Maid got messy and the price had come way down on them, so i decided rather than clean it, i'd just get a new one.  the motor was still working fine, there was no problem with it after several years. I just didn't feel like cleaning it, was working lots of overtime and my job and felt i could afford a new one. I've had the third one for several more years, it has been very low maintenance, no mechanical problems, i just have cleaned it every few weeks, i'm not sure how often, maybe 2 weeks, maybe more, it seems long between times when i have to deal with it.
2032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the second lambchop I'm purchasing... not because the first one was destroyed, but because it's BOTH of my dog's FAVORITE toy. (Two basset hounds)  They are constantly fighting over this toy!  And even with hours of chewing, pulling and tugging it back and forth for a month, Lambchop is still in one piece.  She's one tough sheep!
7939	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Dog didn't really care it
I haven't tried it personally
The sock monkey version of this toy is a nice soft plush with that doesn't have 'long hair' or anything - it just feels like, well, a soft cotton sock. It's a good size and the limbs are different shapes/widths, which is great because that means dogs with any type of muzzle can pick it up and run with it.
2540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my sister's dog is IN LOVE with Mr. Bill. i've given her at least 3 or 4 since she was a puppy (7 now) and she adores this little guy. fun, inexpensive, adorable toy.
5856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly!  My dog loves these treats and they are good for his older joints, especially with the colder weather coming on.
1218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two huge cats and have 1 Mega Advanced Deluxe littermaid and one of the smaller models.  I am finally free of being Queen Litter Scooper.  I also save money by cleaning/washing out the dirty receptacles and then reusing them.  I dump the waste in two small garbage bags - seal them up and toss in the garbage pail - no smell. These litter "minders" are not supposed to take away the job of cleaning after your cats - you still have to monitor the waste that gets through the rake people - so you don't have to scoop every day - you can miss a day or two, but that's it -and for us who have more than one cat it really is a blessing.  I would highly recommend them.  Also, if your littermaid stops working (light on but not moving to clean up) - call them up - they can be rebooted - YES YOU HEARD ME CORRECTLY.  This happened to mine - I thought I had to toss it out.  If you call them they'll tell you where the buttons are to reboot them.
My personal bottom line: Buy The Small Unit
5892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If u have dogs this is the biscuit. It is peanut butter flavored and they just love them. I have 2 older dogs that this is so great for their joints. I give to the younger one also.
8857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab loves them.
9766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for small breeds.

It also has January 2017, a single page calendar reference which has the dates and days for 2015-2017, a section for future planning, a two page spread for contacts, a 10 page notes section with 5 pages of lines and 5 pages of graph, a single page events calendar, a 2016-2019 holiday list, and a time zone and area code page. For the future planning section you have 1/3 a page a month for all of 2017--a little mini calendar and then lined pages to write appointments or notes down for that month.

7292	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Quality dog food.
5528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the real deal. It works like a charm. It took a couple dozen throws for the clamp to loosen up. Now it's perfect.
827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the healthy stuff in it, as far as taste, I don't know,lol, can't go by my dog, he will eat anything if I add a little people food!
4877	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is probably my fourth chuck it, maybe my third, in the past 8 years I've had my dog.  Between loosing them, or the dog chewing on them as a puppy, I replace mine ever few years or so.  This was the first time I bought one from Amazon, and there's something different about this one.  I've stuck with this exact "Chuckit!" brand the entire 8 years, but this is the first time I've had a hard time getting the ball to launch out properly.  I'm not sure if this is made at a different facility, or what.  But... it's hard to say no to Amazon's low, competitive prices.
9622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it
6497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for our dog when he had teeth removed. Switched back to his dry food when his mouth was ready
1327	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Very difficult to manipulate it to make noises unless I shook it - my dog had very little success with it.
The motor isn't strong to prevent injury to the kitty if for some reason they are in it when it starts.  It does have a motion sensor so it shouldn't be an issue.
That's no small feat  considering they range in age from 4 to 15.
3863	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My puppy chewed off the orange fabric on the ball. very cheap
- use a marker & draw the fill level guides around the entire tray: makes filling to the correct level easier.
3646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. I walk my dog every day, and I use them every time he  does his thing. bag is a great size and very easy to use.
4944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	a perfect pair.  Every "ball" dog needs one! So does his owner!
5756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thermometer works great. So far, I've used it for grilling. It has ensured that I get perfect grill marks on my ribeyes.
3772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These protect your hands better than plastic grocery bags and most other doggy bags.  Definitely more pricey than most but well worth it if - like me - you get squeamish about pick up duty.
http://www.etsy.com/shop/Aim4Beauty  .  I sell handmade belly rings, and steampunk Necklaces.
7171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Its nice. Dog love chewing on them
In the last 1 week and 1/2 she has improved(w medical treatment).

2083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bichon puppy LOVES this toy. I had to wait until she was sleeping to wash it. A great way to get the pup riled up... Squeakers in every paw, a big squeaker in the belly, so much fun.  Within ten minutes of having "lamby" one ear was removed. After four months of daily hard play one squeaker is a dud. It's great for fetch, for "killing", for cuddling at night, and as she nears adolescence... well...  The pooch says "five stars."
9820	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The descriptions and analyses expressed in this and every article on this website represent the views and opinions of the author.
9555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The packages are well protected in bubble wrap and in a good size box. No need to worry about damaged goods.
The toy itself is extremely soft and it looks exactly like the picture!
4857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Must have!
4970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff.
When I was younger and there was no such thing as recording TV, we would be glued to SNL to watch Mr. Bill and Sluggo.
3033	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I work as professional dog walker and this system is wonderful.  Hands free walking, and really great for dogs that pull. No stress on the arms, pull is on center of body, I just stop, bend my knees, and the dog isn't going anywhere.  Highly recommend this product.  You can get extensions, for the long lead section, and I'd recommend getting some extra clips (the piece that clips onto dog's collar).  They last a long time, but I give the clip a lot of daily use, and after quite a long time, clip will loosen, but I'm talking about after several hundred walks.
3001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had this system for a few years and run with two large dogs. It was a great decision. This system allows me to run without having to worry about losing balance. I have not had a problem with the lunge buster breaking and I have been using the same original product for at least five years. I have had the clip on the waist belt pop open on me twice at the very beginning of a run. I can only conclude that I did not have it completely locked in place or after five years of use the clip may finally be wearing out. If it happens again I would buy a new waist belt without hesitation.
5843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these. They are much bigger than I expected but I just break them in half.
overweight eating big biscuits.  They really like the flavor of the little ones and get a lot more treats
4077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Work great
There is a MAJOR design flaw in this litter box, it has no solid scoop only a rake-like feature to pick up the cat waste. Well that is lovely if the waste isn't in any way still damp but if it is watch out! With the rake-like feature it dug through the waste and stuck in the scooper all the time. Then it would reverse and push the unscooped waste into the mechanisim and it was just gross! I was useing premium clumping litter so it wasn't the litter. I spent more time cleaning this litter box than I did the old fashion kind. I finally threw this thing away after about 6-12 months of trying to deal with it. I went out and bought an old fashioned covered box, it is cleaner, smells better and doesn't constantly jam the way my Littermaid did.
These bags are biodegradable which is just wonderful for the environment (letting poop stay where it lands is usually the better solution for the environment but not so good for the shoes that step in it).
2802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great
3096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the original buddy system but my puppy got to it with her razor teeth and though she didn't chew the entire way through I wanted to have a leash that wasn't damaged. I love the original and the replacement is just as great.
2066	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!!
6367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little pup loves it
5661	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had mine for 7 years now and found it is the by far the best way to exercise my tireless, ball-obsessed German Shepherd as well as my goofy, fetch-loving Lab mix puppy.  When she was younger, I would take my Shepherd for daily 5 mile walks that would barely begin to drain her energy.  This is the only thing I've found that would truly tire her out (without knocking myself out in the process).  And even now at 7, she's like a puppy again every time she sees the Chuck-it come out.  I had surgery on both hands this year and had a hard time throwing balls at all, never mind far enough for them to get any exercise.  With this, I could still play ball with them, despite limited use of my hands.  Best of all, as most other reviewers have already stated, you'll never have to touch a slimy grass-covered ball again.  Kudos to the genius who created this toy!

28	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good show and very educational
9118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my huskies an yorkie healthy!
5923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this pet feeder to feed our cat when we went away on weekend trips. Our cat, who is very food aggressive, is unable to get at the food for the future days, much to his dismay. This feeder is very easy to set up, and though I do not use it for canned food, it has ice packs that can keep canned food cool and fresh. I would recommend this feeder for anyone who takes short trips and has a cat that needs to be on a feeding schedule.
103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Colors are virtually exact as in the photo. We bought this to lay over our dogs' bed to cut down on having to wash the actual bed cover. While I am happy with the item it is not as heavy as what I expected. We have purchased similar throws from Walmart that are heavier and more durable. My only concern is how long this one will last. If you want it just for 'pretty', or a light weight cover, it is a lovely throw.  But if you are expecting something durable, you might want to keep looking.
6688	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	PLEASE SEAD ME A RETURN LABLE
Since then, we've tried various flavor permutations of the adult recipes: lamb, turkey, chicken, liver, seafood, venison, duck, and salmon. Even one kitten recipe that fell into the basket by mistake (Chicken & Oceanfish Formula). All of them have been consumed with enthusiasm. We stand amazed; it's a new paradigm - for the moment.
7710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 12 year old Golden/Lab mix loves it. She was on Wellness dry until her teeth started getting sensitive. At her age she needs nutritious food to keep her healthy, not all the fillers that are in the cheep dog food. I use Wellness for all my pets diets.
2325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My doggie loves Lamb Chop

9963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great chew toy for our five-old puppy. With its shape, she can easily hold it in place and chew.  It seems to really help her with teething.
2116	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loves his "lambie"...but the last few lambies have all had an open seam on the back. Defective lambie lot?
9335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food. It's their favorite. I like that it's a pate.

8575	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog refused this.
Warning - do not buy the new model of the electric litter box!  My parents bought one, for multiple cats, and the scooping mechanism gets stuck and flings the cat's "stuff" out of the box.
2335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a good price for it ( $6.99 at the time of posting), in stores it is usually around $14.99.
764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After using the Erin Condren calendar for years, I thought I would try something new. I am so glad I did! I absolutely love this! It's layout, pullover cord closure, and extra pages were exactly what I needed. Perfect in every way.
925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	replacement. first one lasted 10 years
9126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hmm, well I didn't love it, but my cats do! Makes it nice to be able to shop for all my rescue cats without leaving home. Seafood is NOT healthy for your cats; buy the poultry meats, they'll thank you for it with no kidney stones.
402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loves these 8 month collars for our dogs!

546	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just what the bird wanted. Chews on it also. Good for the beak
3388	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bayer has stopped making Advantage with the single active ingredient Imidacloprid, and some suppliers are substituting Advantage II which also has Pyripoxyfen as an active ingredient.  The picture of the product and the billing information indicate that you are ordering regular Purple Advantage for cats over 9 lbs., but you will receive Advantage II, which has the same two active ingredients as Advantage Multi.  The only warning of the product change Entirely Pets gives is a pop-up message which may be missed or blocked.  When I asked to return the substituted product, Entirely Pets customer service promised to e-mail a mailing label, but I never received it.  If you're considering ordering directly from Entirely Pets, I recommend checking their many online customer service complaints before making a decision.

I'm in the process of looking for another automatic litter box and the best so far seems to be Litter Robot. I'm doing more research but I think that's probably what I'll go with. The Cat Genie sounded like heaven until it actually went on the market. All I've heard are problems with the thing, plus I strongly dislike any system that requires you to continue buying their refills (like Scoop Free and Cat Genie).
78	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super strong magnet!
8561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality & price.

782	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All my dogs love this and it is good for them.
Hold the wand about 3-4 inches away from your mouth to produce more bubbles. Make sure a nice thin layer of liquid is on the wand before giving it a try. Perhaps more fun for humans than for cats.
2930	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have a 25 pound mini goldendoodle.  I thought no way does she tear through this "indestructible" teddy bear.  Lasted all of 5 minutes and she had both ears off and the legs torn off... What a joke.  KONG should not be allowed to sell such garbage.  I read the reviews and thought "well they must have a pitbull or a larger dog"... NOPE, my 25 pound doodle ripped it in minutes.  Stay away from this one and go with the fire house toys.
This does not take away from the brand, and the other canned type stew-foods they make. I only give it 2/5 stars because my pups gobble it up immediately after opened. They don't care for it after it has been stored/refrigerated.
4340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm short & love this size chuckit
It probably won't matter, because the cardboard is such an attraction for the kitties.  The company also sells replacement cardboard inserts, so no need to buy the entire scratcher again either. All in all, a great value, great cat item, and results in happy kitties.
6063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Unlike every other ramp I've seen, it has rubber nubs to help the dogs feet grip (we'll see how well it works in Alaska!). We have one with a sandpaper type of grip, and after a year outside in Chicagoland, the grip top all peeled off.
400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are amazing.  We battled fleas and even with treating the yard and house each month as well as the animal we still had fleas.  Tried the collar on one dog and no fleas.  Now all the dogs and indoor cats have them on and after a full year of use we have not had to treat the house or yard after about the third month.  Well worth the investment.  No issues with senior dogs (ages 2 years to 17 years) and cats (20 and 17 years).

We aren't so naive as to believe that one or more of the unholy trio won't ultimately max out on MAX CAT. Why, it could happen as soon as this evening. But, in the meantime and until we're forced back to square one, gratitude is due Nutro and MAX CAT foods.
6098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and folds compactly. The three greyhounds took to it immediately. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
7538	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I've been buying Wellness wet canned food for my cat for a long time. My cat used to go bonkers for it, but for the past couple of months or so, the batches we receive have been inconsistent. We noticed that some of the food that we get comes dry and the cat doesn't really want to eat it. At first we thought it was a fluke, but it started happening more. So we won't be getting this anymore, which is sad, because we've been buying it for a long time.

4360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is absolutely obsessed with tennis balls and fetch, so I knew this was a must try for me. Both my dog and I have been loving it. It allows me to throw the ball very far with very little effort or "oomph" on my part. I can throw the ball MUCH further than I would be able to on my own without this device. Having a 90-lb dog, this provides fantastic and much-needed exercise for her.  I also love that it allows me to scoop up and throw the ball without touching it, as balls tend to get filthy at the dog park. My dog is already great at bringing the ball back and dropping it at my feet, so now I'm teaching her to put it in the ChuckIt when she brings it back. Overall we've been having a blast with it. If you have a tennis ball or fetch loving dog, I highly recommend this product!
2056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute item, nice price, Thank You.
5640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We also have the Pocket launcher which is great for our back yard , with little effort I can toss the ball over 100 feet with the pocket launcher. We have a mini-Schnoodle that is crazy about playing fetch, he could keep going until my arm fell off. *In larger spaces I prefer the longer Jr. Launcher which I have no problem hitting the outfield fence from the pitchers mound of our local little league field so I can only imagine what the full size launcher can do! My daughter and I both appreciate the fact we don't have to handle the slobber covered and wet tennis balls.
8230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All dogs ate it with few complaints. I think they prefer the Diamond natural line better. Just was checking when I ordered last was very disappointed to see in just a couple of months price increased over 5%!
Product seem NOT to be available at all common outlets but can easily be found on web or thru Amazon suppliers.
8019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it

8198	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cats like it and it arrived in good shape

6898	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I am giving one star because the second batch that I received has a different consistency compared to the first ones that I ordered here from Amazon as well as the ones that I bought from Petsmart. My puppy had diarrhea after eating about 4 cans so I started to investigate. When I opened another can, I  smelled the food and it smelled really bad that my puppy won't eat it anymore. This is is his favorite food and for him to reject it means that there is really something wrong with it. To make sure that he didn't just lose his interest on the food I bought the same exact food from Petsmart and to my surprise - he happily ate it. I ordered two cases of this product and I am definitely returning them. It is cheaper to buy this pet food here at Amazon but I don't mind paying more somewhere else as long as I know that my puppy is getting quality food.
295	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kept looking for a Vest that said, "Adopt me" for my foster dog and I thought that I would try this harness instead. It is well made. Soft. Thicker than expected. Easy to adjust. It did the job and she got adopted by an amazing family just a few weeks later! I am going to buy these in every size for future pooches!

I did have some older hidden stains that it did not remove, but those are ones that had already been treated with other Bissell pet and non-pet products in the past, as well as with non-Bissell products. So if you have some stains so tough that absolutely nothing seems to get them out, this one might not work miracles. And Bissell's non-pet oriented products are pretty good to begin with, so using them alone might be all you need. But with this one and their other pet related ones in particular, they go after pet specific odors instantly and eliminate them, not just hide them.
Advantage started working immediately and has kept them away. The only disadvantage I see is that it doesn't kill ticks, but my cats don't go outdoors so I'm more worried about fleas. Put it on my cats and it also took care of the fleas on my ferret without having to put any product on her which was another big plus.
8070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for my dog who needs the limited ingredients.  All other treats make him itch.
Typically, I had been buying Wellness 3oz tins along with Organix 3oz tins, at Whole Foods.  That was great for picking up a few cans at a time, but it was getting both pricey, and inconvenient.  So, when it occurred to me to search on Amazon to have a case of cat food shipped to me, I was pleased to find this food that I was already using.  That it is available on  Prime, and is more than *40 cents per can less*, was quite a bonus!
1332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy loves this thing.  She won't play with it for a long time but when she does it is all out fun.  She barks at it and chases it around the room.  She is only 5lbs and I thought this would be too big for her but she plays with it just fine.
My cat seems to like it ..........some days.
4995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It wasn't clear to me how big this is. Works well for small breeds.
6369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried all varieties of litter, initially clay- too dusty!  Then crystals- too expensive!  Pine- I liked that for a long time but I had saw dust everywhere.  And finally we arrived on the paper pellets.  I tried one brand I liked very much but then found it difficult to find again.  We tried a store brain but it didn't kill odor well enough.  Then another paper pellet type which seems to emit its own ammonia odor and finally, Yesterday's News!  This is by far the best.  It can be a bit more expensive but it doesn't track.  It really keeps scent down.  The cats like it.  And it's easy to find and easy to scoop.
2309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Another of Rover's favorites. The kids love it also.

9959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for aggressive chewers like my Boston terriers!

9958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With 2 labs hard to chew toys are a must!!! We have several of these, ones for inside and outside. Our puppy keeps one in his crate.
7582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat won't eat anything else
9541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVES this! We stuff of full of treats when we put her in her kennel and she's occupied for at least an hour. Great buy and very durable! My pit/lab mix is ~40 lbs and this is a great size for her. She can destroy toys within seconds and this has held up. I will definitely be sticking with this line of toys!
9421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Thank You
7337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY CAVALIER KING CHARLES IS 7 AND A BIT OVERWEIGHT, I MIX THIS WITH THE WELLNESS SENIOR DRY AND HE IS VERY HAPPY WITH HIS DINNER.  HE EVER LOST SOME WEIGHT.  MY VET RECOMMENDS THIS PRODUCT TOO
1513	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My aged Yorkie eats Nutro's Grain Free Lamb without problem.  Since experiencing severe skin issues last year, I've switched him to grain free products and his skin has cleared up.  Nutro's version doesn't smell or look as appetizing to me as the product I've been buying at PetSmart, but I'm not the one eating it! Since trying this product, there's been no occurrance of skin issues, though my dog's weight has crept up a bit and I've had to cut back a bit on the amount.  The ingredients seem to be sound nutirion.  Nutro's products are expensive, but if your dog has skin allergies, you may want to go grain free.  It's less expensive than vet bills!
Tips:
That was great until i got to the next 1/3 of the can only to discover the return of bones chips and then  the bottom of the can was packed solid with bones.
8577	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My puppy hates these and refused to eat more than a bite but maybe you'll have better luck lol! The price was good, it arrived very quickly, and the product was just as described, as well as matched the picture- so no complaints, just so happened that my dog didn't like it!
3358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I switched to this a few years ago when the fleas were unbearable, even with the other medication I was getting from the vet. Within a week of the first dose of Advantage my whole home settled right down and the cats and I were no longer getting any bites. My cats are 16, 18, and 24 pounds. (Yes, the vet and I have gone rounds and rounds with the big boy.) The 9 pounds and up vial is fine for them. Just one vial, and an upset cat for a few moments for putting stuff on their shoulders, and the fleas are gone.
5896	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	did not like them, hiding them all over the place, so not going to do this with the nutty dog. he did not like them
4274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
3685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had no idea that these were sold on here. Glad to know it. I used to buy them through their own website. Anyway, my HOA buys these overly recycled plastic bags that crumble in your hand or while trying in vain to get the opening open. It is impossible to separate the two pieces to use the bag. And if you did you are sorry as you get dog poo on your hands from the deteriorating plastic. Well say hello to Mutt Mitts. They have genuine biodegradable two ply plastic. I love them. They ship free too. Can't say enough. I even buy their smaller bundle with the resealable zip top for the car and road trips.
7925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My animals are all 18 years old and doing well. None of them eat grain in their food and I think changing to a raw diet would be difficult at this stage.
9843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Put some treats inside and enjoy watching your pets have fun. Kong makes some of the only toys by dogs haven't been able to destroy.

8392	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality food. Cats love it
9440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Slowly transitioning my cat to Wellness, so far she loves it!
Another nice touch is that this Chuckit fits regular sized tennis balls, does not require a special size or brand.
7201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loved this food and does not love much
5118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	im to lazy to throw with my hand and broke the last one. the ball probably goes 40-50 years at times
Highly recommend
1689	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I generally don't expect toys to last very long with my girl. Shes around 50 lbs and loves to pull and tug. This toy ripped the very first time we played. She has since emptied all of the stuffing out. It does have squeakers in each leg which was nice.
9426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Economic ...
8771	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog (a pitbull) loved it but it was shredded into small pieces within an hour
9089	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A good buy on cat food. Will buy more.

8535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good chew toy for chewers.
2889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love kong toys
All in all, this dog food seems like a quality product. I like that it's grain free, wheat free and corn free, and contains a high protein content from meat and peas. It also smells good to me, and apparently to my dog too considering the way she gobbles it up. I wouldn't hesitate to buy it again.
The only thing that was a personal hang up for me is the use of lamb. I don't understand why anyone would choose lamb for their animal as a protein source over beef, chicken, or a fish protein source. Maybe if it was mutton I wouldn't feel bad about it, but I don't use lamb (or veal, for that matter) in my own personal life and I don't generally use it for my pet. But that's not a knock on Nutro, I would just get a different flavor if I was getting their product again (which I wouldn't hesitate to do). Yes, it's pricey - but so is all high quality, grain-free dog food. Nutro is priced in line with competitors.
872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs had no problems with this food and appear to like it.  I like that it is grain free and low glycemic.  I also like that it has 32% protein.  I also like that the bag is easy to pour and resealable.  Nutro dry dog foods tend to average 4 to 5 stars with Dog Food Advisor and I am impressed by that.  What I am not so impressed with is the price.  The current listed price for the 4 pound bag is $18.98, which makes this dog food about $4.75 per pound.  That is just too expensive for me with multiple dogs.
1505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loved this.  To be honest, she is not a picky eater, so it is unusual when she doesn't just dive in and eat.  I like that the product is grain free and has more protein.  She likes it because it tastes good.  Win, win.
5167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Didn't know how long 18M was and was trying to match the one I broke.  (not the launchers fault)  This one is shorter than I wanted but works well.
6790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent puppy food with natural ingredients and my little guy loves it. I mix it with the dry wellness puppy which works  perfectly together. Very impressed with this product.
At least the cat is a cheap date!
4193	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we tried the squeky ones and she tears them apart, they she loves and lasts and lasts

829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The At-A-Glance 2016 Weekly and Monthly Planner was just the thing I needed to keep track of doctor's appointments, social dates and meetings of my local civics group. The planner has a full monthly calendar for each month spread over two pages, followed by spacious entry pages week by week (with room for notes). The generous writing space is so large, the planner can double as a journal, or be used just for that purpose. The back of the book has space for contacts and events, plus a list of holidays and even a time zone map of the US. Altogether well planned and executed, I ordered more for friends whose lives are as busy as mine. Highly recommended.
She still sits and looks at his box

9834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Took her a few days to adapt but so far she loves the new food
23	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazon is the place to shop and this seller is exceptional.  Mistakes happen, but it's the way the mistakes are handled that convince a buyer that a seller is one to trust and use repeatedly, as we shall this seller. We were looking for a booster for our dog and decided on  this one after reading positive reviews. We received the product promptly, but there was a tiny perfectly round hole in the bottom of the vial through which much of the gel had leaked.  We were very disappointed, as our pup really could have used an immune booster. The seller arranged immediately for a refund and sent a new bottle of the gel without charge.  What more can be said?  Trust this product and this seller.
2094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy.  She's a 12 lb Havanese and a light chewer.  She isn't destructive at all, so this Lambchop is holding together pretty well. She mostly gently chews on it or licks it. She occasionally wants to play catch with it, whipping it around and playing tug-of-war with it, but it was yet to tear or rip.  It's most likely because she isn't super aggressive with it, so it's perfect for my dog.
5386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The inventor of the chuck it is amazing - this is a great product and the craftsmanship is well designed. I love how I don't need to touch a slobbery tennis ball, it picks it up perfectly. Great product for a dog that loves to play catch for hours.

6475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I mixed this with the Germ and the Gold and my fish love it, It certainly had boosted their growth and color of my Koi a lot compared to the generic foods.
3873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
1352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for runs. I love that you can make it various lengths and it has a ton of attachments. The quality is great and holds up against my puppy who loves to chew.
6993	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best<4> cats><mine><at a real savings><
- it's hard to scoop out the poo, because it's the same size as the pellets
8583	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product and great price
1174	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	These would have been great if I hadn't returned the litterbox.  Did not need them, so they were returned for refund.

9881	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am surprised at  a lot of the negative comments on Canidae. I have a 2 year old German Shepherd who is a picky eater and has sensitive skin.  I tired 4 other brands of food: Innova, Natural Balance, Taste of the Wild and Evo....all of which she scratches and bites herself constant.  With Canidae, she has a beautiful shinny coat, doesn't itch and she loves it!  It's amazing the difference.  Her stools sometimes are loose, but nothing to complain about or worry.  I'm not putting down those other foods, I'm just saying that this Canidae food has down wonders for her!  I've gotten wuite a few comments on her shinny coat.  Every dog is different and you just need to find a perfect dog food like I did for her.  We use the Chicken version on her.  If you on dog food analysis, you will notice it has a 5 star rating.  Jetta and I are both very happy with Candiae!!

2725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it!
1373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. The material is durable and it is the perfect size for my Honda CRV; the cover protects the passenger seats as well as the backs of the front seats. Quite pleased that it doesn't shift and appears to make my Dane feel secure.
The sock monkey was so adorable but the worst quality I've ever seen. It literally fell apart right out of the package. So sad about this

**after reading other reviews just now, i saw the 7W can code comments and our cans start with that code!
7366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy this brand of food for my cats so It tried it for my dogs.  All of the cat food they make are grain free the dog varieties are not.  Even though they are not grain free they were good premium dog food options that I chose to feed my dogs as they are not source in china. I have since moved on to another brand of grain free dog food to help with my dogs paw licking and skin issues.
924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased these four times. My puppy loves them and it keeps him from chewing on everything else in the house.
594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cisco (Eclectus) loved tearing it up.
5781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great stocking stuffer for Christmas! My husband gets this every year and we all get to enjoy the funny cartoons throughout the year.
6941	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm a high end animal food snob and when my vet recommended friskies pate for my cat who had kidney issues, I was a bit shocked honestly. But I followed her recommendation and he's been on nothing but watered down pate for 3 years now and is doing well. It totally grosses me out when it gets on my hands, I don't like the texture or the smell but since I'm not eating it I can look past that.
4446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Handy

9264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a really good litter box. It's hard to find ones that my cats seem to really like, but this one was a complete success. Reasonable price as well, so I would recommend!
4951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Thrower weakens and breaks, but use for 1-2 hours of throwing per day, last a month or more. The chuck-it balls are lousy, so don't buy extra, just use old tennis balls. Have purchased at least 6 Chuckits, the last batch seem thinner and lighter, still worth the money it your dog loves to fetch. Will save your arm/shoulder because you can really launch the ball without much effort
4391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I saw this at a dog park and I thought WOW this is awesome. I heard people payed a decent amount of money on this too, so I was thrilled to see this as an add on item and pay almost nothing for it.  This is a great buy and my dog can not get enough.  I just need to find a large enough area to really take advantage of the distance this can throw the ball!  NO more dog saliva on my hands, this rocks!!!
4751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This dog toy is great. I able to chuck the ball pretty far for our dog who loves to run and play. She has endless energy and this toy is perfect.... Seems to be well made and yellow tennis ball fits perfectly.
9120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a swiss mountain dog who has a very sensitive stomach. These treats are perfect for him!
8695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	she loves these bones.  They do not bother her stomach and keep her entertained.
6290	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	no clumping urine goes through to the bottom of the litter box.
8709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 1 year old Golden is on his third one of these.  Loves it!!
8905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties absolutely love these! Pate over the gray and shreds it seems!
9209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the cat toy for my little monster - she destroyed the mouse one in 24 hours.  This one she can't ruin.
2008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very cute but much bigger than I had expected

Colgate markets Science Diet as boutique health food, but in reality it's the same quality as the stuff you can pull off the drug store shelf. Don't waste your money. Either buy something cheaper, or buy something that's actually healthy.
Your dog drops the ball at your feet (hopefully) and all you need to do is slap the Chuck It on the ball and toss again!
269	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits great - feels solid
As to planning, this is really meant for cursory appointments and the like.  It is not meant for an extensive appointment calendar for each day from morning to night.  Knowing that, for planning for cursory appointment details you could do far worse.  This has the expected dates through Feb 2017, and some planning areas and note taking areas.
Would certainly recommend to a friend under 95.
I called the company and explained my problem.  The only advice they could give me was to be sure and use a quality clumping litter.  I would have though the high price I pay for Litter Green would have been considered quality clumping litter.  I am now looking for my fouth "quality litter" that might work with my single cat.

8651	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This review gets 0 stars. The reason your cats like this food is because it's basically like giving a child candy. It's so bad for them and they make it taste so yummy that your cats can't get enough of it. If you read the ingredients you'll see "by-products". In case you don't know what that means, it's unspecified animal parts from slaughtered or diseased animals that's not suitable for human consumption. Purina doesn't care about your pet and what it eats, they care about making money off of you for their horrible product, do yourself a favor and don't buy brand name food for your pet, there are much better brands out there that are way better and not badly priced such as Fromm, Precise Holistic, Nutri-Source, Zignature, and Natrual Balance. Don't let your animal eat by-products, cause I'm pretty sure you wouldn't eat it yourself.
3297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works as it should
3672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works extremely well and I will buy it again highly recommend to anybody with a dog
4266	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog fetched a few times, bit down on ball and it was broken, came apart at seam, poorly made
7266	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality! My big boys, Harley (Blk Lab) and Buddy (Red Heeler mix) love their TRex!  I really need to get them another one...TRex is just about mangled to death!  haha!  I plan to buy more for them...they really outlast the bones I have bought for them.

4596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Almost a home run. They lazily put a glorified tennis ball in the package. My dog destroyed that on 2 outtings.
6744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats enjoyed them but they are a bit sticky and leave a little residue.
7059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I adopted some cats who were never taught to play with toys, so I hesitated buying this. My cats don't play with the ball, but they do use the scratching interior circle. They also like to sit on it. This one of the only toys they ever interact with, so I would buy this again.
This is not the end-all, be-all book about clicker training (and doesn't purport to be) but it will allow you to get real results and give you useful skills to build on.
5321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Marley loves to go after the balls from Chuckit launcher and never gets tired of doing it...definitely a Golden Retriever.
4216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it!  They have a blast playing with the chuck it and the balls for it.  They know when they see the items in hand its time to play and play hard
9371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for my large cat (18 pounds, long and tall!).

If your dog loves squeaky toys and chews a lot, be aware that the squeakers will stop working quickly. We have gone through 4 of them for our dog in 5 months because he over uses the toy. I am hoping they make more of a durable squeaker in the future for big chewers.
2976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Kong green frog for my dog at Christmas. Although she has tons of toys, She always picks up the frog when she wants to play. That is why I bought this one for her birthday. It does not have a lot of stuffing, and I think she likes that.
You see, dolphins don't jump up on people, don't drag you down the street, don't lunge at dogs, and certainly don't terrorize your guests--but dogs DO!....
542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Conure loves it.  He is in heaven
2835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this Tiny Bear bought for my kitten. Just the right size for him to play with & carry around in his mouth.
7204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These last forever! Our boys love chewing on their dinos and anything nylabone!
204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I train basic obedience and generally do NOT use clicker training unless asked. When they do I give them this book. A good basic book on clicker training if that is the method you prefer.
3590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have used these for years for good dog walking street manners. The mil thickness keeps stink inside bag, too!
3207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm on my high anxiety GSD.
1477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice, bound AT A GLANCE calendar.  Unlike the more traditional brand calendars, this is far thinner and doesn't use the wire bound binding.  Thus, this is a softbound version, and is much thinner.
When I used to have a Smooth Miniature Dachshund puppy as a child in the 90's, there was a plastic pooper-scooper that was shaped like a cup at the end of a long plastic handle. They do not seem to make it anymore, but this dog toy comes pretty darn close. (Except for: the little edges that hold the ball to throw it.) Because it is NOT exactly the same, cleaning, and disinfecting it does take a little more time, but compared to ANY, and ALL other pooper-scooters for sale now, it works SO much better. It takes minutes to clean.
7884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves his food!
940	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It came within two days of ordering,very fast! Was packaged well,looks exactly like the picture! it's soft,tail has a posable wire in it but also has an extremely soft material making up the tail. It sits up on it's own and is perfect! I had no ordering issues and would absolutely buy from this seller again. Thanks for sending me what i was hoping it would be,a perfect stuffed peacock. :)
1150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best value I could find anywhere
- You can only set it in 12 or 24 hour intervals, no specific time like "5:00am." If you want it to go off at 5:00am everyday you have to put it on the 24 hour option and actually turn the machine on at 5:00am, then it goes off every 24 hours.
80	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best hairspray for hard hold.
2896	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	really really small..
386	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We haven't even had the collar for one month and lost it. I am 100% sure that I put it on the right way but it still fell off (and got very lose) a couple of times. I never attempted to take it off myself, neither did my dog. We live in an apartment and only have one dog, so he doesn't have a crazy life where he is likely to lose it.  I am just SUPER sad and disappointed because I heard good things about the collar and did not even get one full out of 8 months worth it. Also, it's like losing 70$ on the street, which hurts as a college student.
6269	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We were told about Connectin at a local pet supply store. Our dog is ten years old and has the usual old age arthritis. Shes on Rimadyl. But this stuff made a noticeable difference in just a few days. Normally shed be limping by the end of the day. Not as much now. The limping now is only after those days shes played really hard. She is a ball/fetch monster and needs her play sessions for her mental well-being. So if your dog has arthritis, try this. Its definitely made a difference for our pup.
1828	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is a very large toy but priced like the smaller version in stores.  It tore apart badly unlike the small one as well.
-you can throw farther with exceptional ease.
4376	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog wants to chew on the launcher, not the ball. Not product's fault. I've seen other dogs get SO excited when this toy comes out at their houses, I still have hopes.
1126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They worked extremely well, this is the only part of the automatic litter box that did not fail. That was an unfortunate fact. I would like to return these but have not had the chance yet I have been very very very busy running a group home and fighting with my own health problems.
596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the chewing parrot.  He hangs on it or swings it to scratch his head
4979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome

3764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend Mutt Mitt, after using groceries bags to pick up my German Shepherd's poop.

1717	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great toy for kids or dogs
3408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	There was great savings purchasing this product through Amazon.  It was delivered quickly and a lot less expensive that at the vet.
1929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs loves his "Lambie"
3178	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We found the Pet-Ease chewable tablets a while ago and they really help settle the dog down when we take her on longer road trips in the car, but it was sometimes difficult to get her to take them.  She likes the wafers much better, and they work just as well.

42	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion, can't go wrong with Cesar Millan. Have admired him and his abilities from the very beginning. Would highly recommend anything from The Dog Whisperer!
6244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Like the. 3lb. Preferably,  have trouble lifting
4214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love them. They launch great and you can always find it because it's so bright.
3968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great item!

3979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German Shepherd pup loves these balls. Not a regular tennis ball will be play with, it has to be the Orange Chuck it brand.
CONS:
9110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Boxer LOVES this.  Even our toy poodle drags it around!  Very sturdy and has stood the test of time!

9945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	5 stars
2853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this was a great toy, lasted 6 months with my lab puppy, not made for chewing but he did anyway
8091	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our four legged family love this treats. they get them in the morning and when they behave.... and they always behave .
1307	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have owned the Littermaid for now about 2 years and really appreciate how well it works.  I often forget that I need to empty it out and the little liner is usually packed full.  I have found that the plastic liners are a bit fragile, so I took some 2 inch packing tape and wrapped it around the fringe of a new plastic liner.  Since then it fits better and doesnt warp or crack when replacing.  I also can give it a little spray of cooking oil so I can wash it out and reuse it during the next empty.  Using this technique I have only used about 4 liners in 2 years.  I have had pretty good success with the Arm and Hammer brand of clumping litter, and DO NOT buy the little "balls" of the new litter, plays havoc on the machine and they end up clogging and popping around all the time increasing the noise and Im sure the wear on the machine.  This is definately a ONE CAT machine, my cat is so facinated with the device she's in and out about 2 times an hour, so with more cats I can see how the machine would drive me insane.  I think I am used to the noise, though I stash the device in the laundry room so its not too bad.
TRICKS:
8087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm happy with Diamond brand dog foods, my golden likes the grain free food and it helps with his allergies
8974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my cats favorite toy.
9023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excelent product and delivery
2162	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup loves Lambchop!  Carries it around all the time.  Very soft & squeaky.  Will have to get another one soon - white toys don't tend to stay white for long!
6909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My senior Chihuahua has been using supplement to help her with her arthritis.  The first time I used it, I bought it from a local specialty pet store, and it really seemed to help her.  But I saved about $7 by purchasing this from Amazon this time - and shipping was free!
8098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
1276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I do not think I have ever EVER purchased a "supplement" that my little dog didn't either spit out or spit up. That is, until I purchased these chewable wafers. AMAZING stuff!! She actually twirls around for these as soon as she sees the bottle. Weird. I mean, super crazy weird!! lol I don't know what is in this vs the other products we have tried, but she has never acted like this about any food -- other than maybe a piece of bacon (which she only gets on very very rare occasion). She is fed a 100% homemade diet for years and would turn her head away from any "dog treat" that any friends or the vet would offer. But she is absolutely bonkers about these chewable tablets.
Squeak, squeak, squeak.  My dog likes the second squeaker SO MUCH (it goes inside the toy's body, with industrial-type velcro to seal it in), that when I took out
I have two cats - V and L:
5154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I did not know there was the smaller size chuck it. This is great for my nieces when they come to visit and want to play with the dogs but don't like the fact that they have to hold a slimy ball when they play fetch.
7390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pit Bulls love these!!!!
6179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is wonderful...You isolate the tick and not any fut...our dog does not fight this like he does the tweezers
4677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
  I'm not sure if this was an effort to save a Penny... Or just Very POOR Quality control.

from first use, the thing was either raking or it was off. i could not get it to stop. even if the cat was in the box and touching the "sensor" (yes, those are irony quotes), it just kept on plugging away. i turned it on manually when i went in to feed the cats until i had time to call customer service the following weekend. the rep sounded completely unsurprised that i was having this problem and gave me some simple steps to follow to get it to work: unplug it, lift the top part (the lighter beige you see in the photos, which is clipped to the box by two little green-grey tabs on the sides--you can see the little square on the side in the photo) off the bottom part, and run your finger along the track that the wheels follow until you find the reset button. click it on and off maybe 5-10 times, and it'll work after that. she told me that i might have to do this 5-10 times for it to work (why 5-10 times? why both things 5-10 times? mysteries of life), but that it would work. (i explained all the other troubleshooting things i'd done, which are described clearly in the manual.)
When I was here purchasing, it said:
2149	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i think i have bought 5 of these ..my dogs are crazy over mr Bill!
4277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	just as advertised!!
8844	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For the price it works great; would like it if it had an optional cover/hood but it gets the job done and I like the large size.
The pieces are fairly large, triangular shaped.  The smell is a protein/grain smell.  Not appetizing to humans, but it's not made for us.
After the second treatment, and seeing the eggs where the cats slept (I washed their bedding every day), I bought Advantage Multi.
4805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for the price until my dog ate it
4235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this one for my daughter Dog.
3799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great on old stains! Use as a pre-treatment for carpet shampooing and let it sit about an hour (well worth the wait!). I used it on old dog and cat urine and throw-up stains and it surprisingly got most of the stains out. I did go very slowly over it with the shampooer but this stuff definitely helped!
2251	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought it because it was specifically advertised as tough and resistant to being chewed through. My dog had it skinned and unstuffed in less than 5 minutes... Wasn't worth it, returned. Get a better brand.
3501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great when your dog is a Great Dane
2724	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This thing is ridiculous. It arrived and it's TINY...I have 7 lb dogs and they dwarf this toy.  It literally is only like 3" big!!

3453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used it since it came out and I don't have a flea problem. I also like it for the fact like the drops you can have the problem of the side effects.
756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat's love em.
9952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I received the product on time and in perfect condition.  Tetra is the only Summer Pond Food I have used for my outside pond fish for 12 very successful years.  I use the Tetra Fall/Spring mix starting in late September to bulk up my fish and prepare them for winter.  We had over 100 Koi and various species of babies born last 4th of July who made it through a bitter PA winter and who are thriving thanks to this product.  You can't go wrong and I haven't been able to find a lower price anywhere.

1291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I had this box for a couple of years and it was getting kinda yucky.  So I decided to replace it with the newer model (not sure of the number, but it was the more rounded one with metal rake).  I hated that one and after about 3 months went serching for this one again.  The 700 is just the right size.  I like how it rolls up at the end of the cycle before tipping back down to dump the "load".  The plastic rake works just fine.  It is used by one cat, but the bin still fills up pretty fast (about a week).  I have read others mention dumping and reusing the bins (I guess this would be fine, but I don't), so there is a continuing cost for the bins.  Over all my cat (Emma) and I love it.
If hellcat has to stay in her carrier unsupervised for any length of time, I use twist ties to secure the zippers - just in case.  I've seen her do her worst to the carrier to no avail, but I don't like to take chances.  You can turn your back on hellcat, but then you'll always wonder what evil may be lurking in the shadows...
Check out the book "The Natural Cat" by Anitra Frazier.
9751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It makes my Pup happy.
MAX CAT is manufactured by Nutro Products, Inc. of Franklin, TN. I wonder if they have a squirrel flavor for consumption by kitties living in the back woods.
9996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an old cat who doesn't eat enough so he gets supplemented with canned food. This pate is the ONLY type he'll eat.
6774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I recognize that there are "healthier" cat foods out there. But if he won't eat the "good stuff" then there is no point it giving it him.
She has a hard time choosing between this and the nylabone tree branch.
9097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat really likes it, made a nice treat for him

3175	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't help calm my little dog and I think it gave her diarrhea.
7058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love it they won't stop playing with it.
Cons:
8185	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great brand for kitties! They have been eating this canned food with the grain free dry for six months. Switching kitties to core wet and dry to switch things up for kitties, and giving them some variety. Cuts down risk for f po od allergies offering variety as well.....thank goodness there will be more variety to offer when they are cats then kitties! Slim picking now.
2524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy that yells "Oh no" when squeezed. We're not sure who enjoys it more, us or our dog! Great toy at a reasonable price.
3567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High end poop bags.  The best out there.
After years of letting our dogs run loose on 10 acres and never having to pick up the poop (the dogs graciously went deep into the woods)
9906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food , and the price was great.
9884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent substitute for antlers/bones. Due to the cost of buying bones and antlers we have been searching for another hard chewing toy that will last longer than a week. The Nylabone holds the current records at several months before our corgi reduces it to a small hunk of plastic. She does not loose interest over time and continues to enjoy using it to satisfy her destructive chewing urge. Great product. Will be buying again shortly as her last one is getting a little small.
9505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My "Aussi" loves this.
6414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I knew that my dogs would love this product and of course I guessed right.  Knowing that it was made by Pro Plan I knew that I couldn't go wrong.  I routinely buy this line of dog food, we just hadn't tried this flavor.  This flavor is now also a hit.  Five stars here.  Buy it for your dogs too.  You can't go wrong with this one.
The material is sturdy, but that makes it bulky. I sometimes wish I would have purchased some more standard bag instead of the ultimate, but who knows.
1074	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We purchased one of these tents a number of years ago and it is still going strong.  This one arrived with cracked support rods (different material than original) and the plastic is stiff and brittle.  Contacted seller about rods and they promised to send replacement.  After waiting quite some time, seller advised that their supplier was out of these and issued a credit.  Nothing wrong with the seller other than slow on the follow up - the product is just not the quality of the original models.
If your dog is not used to ramps or vehicle rides I strongly recommend getting them used to it flat on the ground and as a ramp going into and out of the house before adding the stress of a car on top of it, and letting them have their head so they can keep their balance.
7961	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat goes crazy with this good for some reason, I'm guessing it's because of the mixture of meats... No byproducts, so it's a decent food
56	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lots of good recipes for your furry babies.  Easy to make, and lots of them to choose from in the book.

7254	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cats would not eat this. With 7 cats you would think that one would! Not to disparage the product, cats are strange (spoiled) creatures. So my local no-kill shelter ended up with it and were happy to have it.
5998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gave this to my daughter - she reports that it's terrific - she's glad to have the cat find food at 5 AM - those mornings of a cat standing on her, carrying on about food, are over - and she's very glad!
2426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Long lasting toy that has continued to yell, "OHHHHH, NOOOOO" for months!  For some reason my dogs to not yank the stuffing out of this toy.  They play with them a lot and love the sound...they just don't tear it up... No idea why except maybe it doesn't have a "squeaker"...it's got a voice box of sorts.  So, if your dogs always yank the squeakers out of their toys then  you may want to give this guy a try!
1709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have had Lambchop for a year now, and she is still alive!! Usually Scoutie rips up his victims into empty soul less pelts. He, however- loves this Lambchop and has spared her soul. It is as big as he is, yet he manages to drag her upstairs every night for bed.

5018	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best thing I could've purchased for our GSD.  She lives to run and play ball.  Really a nice item and must have!!!
2108	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Can somebody make a toy that last longer than a day. Don't waste your money.
9581	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love nylabones.  They are perfect for our little destructive chewers.  All three of our dogs love chewing their nylabones every night after dinner or when they're bored.  They get them out of their little basket, have them a nice afternoon chew, and then leave them on the floor for my wife to step on.  I think its funny when she yells out about these $%&@ break-yo-foot-a-saurus toys.  But I like it better that our little furry babies love these things.

9187	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY CATS LOVE IT.
6504	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The second I took it out of the box, my baby Bella was all over this thing.  It was much bigger than expected. Alot bigger than the first one I bought at TJMaxx.  And the scratcher thing can be changed out for a new one!  I love the fact that it comes with cat nip, and a little toy in the bottom.  My cat will not stop playing with the toy.
6316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats hated this at first and the only reason I bought it was because one of my cats had surgery and couldn't use regular litter while healing. They eventually got used to it and it never smells. This is the first cat litter Ive ever used that doesnt stink up the place.
4940	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't realize that the L stood for LARGE ball...sort of defeats the purpose...you can't use a regular tennis ball once you lose the original.
These goals are achieved by developing and implementing uniform and equitable laws, regulations, standards, definitions and enforcement policies for regulating the manufacture, distribution and sale of animal feeds - resulting in safe, effective and useful feeds by promoting uniformity amongst member agencies."
1077	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	One of my cats absolutely refused to enter it, and did his "business" next to the litterbox instead.  The big guy flattened it, and a couple of others hated it so much they made a point of spraying it and trying to wipe their butts on it.  Needless to say, it ended up in the garbage.  It's not that these cats won't use a covered box -- they will and do -- they just really, really hated this tent.
1374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice products.
9403	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good item
my 24 pound cat with kidney problems and dustfree
2324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So cute
Also must use high-quality self clumping cat litter.  We have noticed that the total weight of cat litter we use has gone down considerably compared to a conventional cat box using standard litter, as only the dirty cat litter is removed from the box.  Compare this to a conventional cat box where all the litter is changed out at once.  Overall has led to less cost associated with litter and less waste going to the landfill.
I probably won't order again bc of the fish smell. I've changed to Eagle pack turkey flavored and I've tried Blue.. Both turkey flavored. I've also tried other beef, chicken, and turkey flavored brands.  She devours it every time.  I mixed the remaining Wellness with the turkey and she ate it.
8348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love this but more important, my furkids love it
9624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats really like Hill's Science Diet cat food - However, I have one cat with a serious hairball problem, so I switched to the Hill's Science Diet Adult Hairball Formula.  They still love the food, and the hairball problem is solved.
1437	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A favorite for our pups.  Can't go wrong with blue buffalo.
Thank you MyHooves and Paws and Amazon for carrying the mini chuckit.  My poodle and I are getting more exercise, and we love the mini chuckit.
"Although AAFCO has no regulatory authority, the Association provides a forum for the membership and industry representation to achieve three main goals:
9915	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy chews on everything.  When I pulled this out of the box he knew it was perfect!  Be careful if your dog had issues with his teeth.  We have another nylabone that he was able to dent with his teeth but this one hits his gums between his teeth.  It has intense ridges molded on it and if you grip it too hard is painful.  The dog won't give it up.
7983	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My fur monster loves these! The price is wonderful. She will do tricks on her own to see if her actions will get her one of these treats!
7132	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this at 1st my dogs ate it, mixed with dry but then  switched to another wellness can food
5963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats were waking me up every night begging for food.  One night my cat licked my eyelid and it hurt my cornea so bad I thought it could be damaged.  I ordered these feeders and they worked like a charm.  I had them go off at the most frequent setting and so that they would get fed in the middle of the night.  I finally got sleep, they lost weight, and they didn't bother me for food because they knew that the feeder was the one that would give it to them.  The only downside is that you cannot have it too close to where you sleep.  It's not obnoxiously loud but loud enough that if it's near your bed it will wake you up.  It takes a nine volt battery that if either store bought or rechargeable will last a month.
6970	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	So this review concerns this product's ability to make bubbles: on opening and introducing these to my cat, many bubbles were easily produced.  On the very next day, bubbles were difficult to produce.
Program is super safe-- you can put it in a dish and mix it with tuna and your cat will eat it right up. You can use it with Capstar (also super safe, but not long lasting) to kill live fleas if your cat picks one up. This is the best monthly flea control to keep your cat safe and healthy! I have used it for almost a decade and I will not use any other product on my cat.
6432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it.
3918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our three large puppies love these, when my husband and the puppies are playing this toy can wear them out.


4320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best thing I have ever purchased for my ball crazy Boston Terrier. The ball can get really gross with dirt and slobber and is a great product to have. Great color too!
5063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs gets so excited when he sees me get it out!
6709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it, great value for 24 5oz cans
939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only food my Ragdolls will eat......at 10 years old their coats are gorgeous and silky smooth. My cats are healthy and happy. I can no longer find Eukanuba locally so thank goodness I can order it from Amazon.
9775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog likes it and it gets delivered to my house at a price I like. More food for your buck.
844	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it and the company decided not to make it any more so was happy to find this
406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome.
9101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product
6009	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	my dog doesnt like them
3511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best dog poop bags for a large breed, and double lining reduces the gross factor
1. Much less likely to track outside the litter box
3924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We absolutely love this. The kids will actually play with the dog again, before he would always try to get the ball and nip the kids. I also don't see what the one reviewers problem was with control, ours went exactly where it should have from the beginning, even our six year old can use it
9116	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My golden retriever loves the smallness of the food.
4618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works! when you get older you find you can't throw like you used to, this works great.
7994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product
The label further states that the food is "formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles ..."
7725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog really likes this food and she can be a picky eater. I really like this food because I know it's one of the better ones out there for her.
3192	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This product was totally ineffective for my dog. My dilemma is, should I throw it away or let someone else try it.
3579	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these bags.  Ample size for any dog.  Best thing about this product is I never had one rip, tear or break; and that's a good thing!

848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have an older dog and I was please to review the ingredients were just what I would put together to feed him.
Thank you so much,
7197	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always a favorite for my cats! Thank you!


Needless to say, I put a can of this down and it's gone in minutes. Thanks for the good food!
4281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works Perfect with any Tennis ball size Ball , Quickly Shipped as Well ! Great Seller !
59	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	like this it has recipes for my budget that I can make and 3 types of treats I've made so far my dog loves, I'm now gathering things to start making his meals and freezing them, hope he likes them as much as his treats, way cheaper than buying treats for him...
6674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppies love it.  I have 5 gsd puppies and its healthy for them and they eat every bite.  It is a little pricey but worth it.
She has yet to pee in it though... but atleast that's not so gross as doggy poop.
312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ordered for my local Humane Society

2936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Smaller than I expected, but the dogs like this toy. My dogs don't try to destroy toys, they just play hard with them....and this has stood up to their playing.

5079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best invention to get my dog to exercise. The plastic is good quality and it even comes with a ball. My retriever loves to play fetch and this was the perfect tool to keep my arm from falling off.
959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Miss Bluebird knows that sometimes you just can't make it when sending Christmas cards out and she says these are wonderful to have.
2090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is very fond of the toy. Unfortunately it is not as sturdy as some dog toys so we keep it in bed where she will cuddle it more than tear up on it.
Note #1: I had one I bought at a local pet store and misplaced it.  I order a replacement online since it was much cheaper... but the one Amazon sent me was MUCH SOFTER PLACTIC.  Some people complained in reviews that it was too firm but mine was the opposite.  It does not throw as far or in the same way as my previous one (found it and was able to compare).  If it had cost more I'd return it...  but at this point I'll probably just keep it as a backup.  Amazon's site does a very poor job (as in complete omission) of explaining the differences between "sport", "classic", and "ulta".  One super cheap infograph could save many people ordering the wrong item and being unhappy with or returning it.  People shouldn't have to do separate research to figure out which toy launcher to get.
4226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Should have read more carefully, this size is tiny. If you're on the fence and have a dog above 20 pounds, go with a larger size. Can't mark it down too much since this mistake was on me, but I wish the product had better pictures for scale. Would have saved me a lot of time.
5098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great fetch tool. Saves your arm and shoulder and increases distance! This size is for smaller dogs which the smaller sized balls are even harder to throw. A must have!
1585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs liked them, but I am looking for a chew that lasts longer. They were gone within 5-10 minutes
8489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	For the price, a pretty decent litter box.  Flexible plastic, but not as big as I had hoped.  Great that the sides are "taller" than normal.  Keeps the litter from scattering.
2718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little 5 lb dog likes it.  It is Tiny, but easy to carry around
6683	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats also enjoy this.
3405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works great. I've been using it for about 3 months now an none of my 3 babies have any fleas. The only downside is price, but at least Amazon has it cheaper than stores.
2601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my dogs but I'm keeping it for myself!!  It is sooo cute and when you squeeze it the sound is perfect!!

6128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our older dog sometimes has trouble jumping into the SUV, so we bought this for him. It was very easy to train both of our two dogs to use this ramp. We have had the opportunity to use this when we go on our long hikes, we are out for hours and have two very tired dogs when we get back. They walk right up the ramp with no problems. I have had the ramp for about two months and I would recommend this ramp as it is easy to use and to train a dog to use it. We keep it in our back seat to always have it handy. I look forward to using this ramp for years to come.
2967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Jack Russell Terrier that is a chew-maniac. I bought this bear hoping it would last a bit longer than most, based on good things I have heard about the Kong brand. It's been about a month and a half now, and he has ripped out the pouch for the replaceable squeaker (the squeaker itself was the 1st thing to go- in the first week), but the squeaker in the bear's head is still there. Aside from that, the rest of the bear is fully intact. My pup treats it with care, not biting as hard as usual when playing tug of war. He also plays fetch with it, but surprisingly does not chew it. I have seen him licking it and carrying it around though. When I get home from work, he often greets me at the door with a toy already in his mouth, and this bear is definitely one of his favorites.
9357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our year old puppies can't destroy these toys. They provide lots of fun chew time and can be cleaned up in the dishwasher when needed. We love this brand. Only toys our dogs don't destroy.  Highly recommend!!!
9822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Retains litter better
9643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it and its a good quality cat food. Some canned food is mostly gel, but this is solid food and a great value. It smells, but my cats love that. I don't think any cat could refuse it. My dogs love it too. My cats will wake me in the morning because they want this food.
1434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great cuticle cream!
3794	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used it on dog "regurgitation" (not the same as vomit I have been told) from some newly adjustment to food and antibiotic treatment.  The maintenance guy in my bldg brought his wet vac and industrial cleaner in here, but the stains would only go away maybe 60%.  After I sprayed this on (and didn't even wait the full 15 min) - it came off like erasing pencil off paper.  And, I have berber carpet which is somewhat annoying to get things off of.  I have also used it now that I bought a wet carpet scrubber, setting for the full 15 min.  The stain will look like it is still there until the carpet is dry.  My machine was nowhere near as powerful at sucking out water as the industrial one, so I thought it didn't work the second time (when I cleaned it) - but it was just still wet.
6151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just received this a couple days ago and already love it. Now I can run, skate or ride my bike and keep my dogs right next to me. One warning, though. Instructions indicate you can leave the collar clip attached to the dog's collar. I don't recommend that as it can hang down just enough for your dog to get it in her mouth and chew the clip. The company was nice enough to replace the clip when I called them so kudos to them for doing that. I've added the Add-A-Buddy, Extend-A-Buddy, and Lunge Buster accessories so I can walk my entire pack at once. I have a Husky, an Australian Shepherd/Border Collie mix, a Pug/Chihuahua mix, and two Chihuahuas. The Buddy System has small dog and regular dog extensions so walking all five dogs at once is easy. It's quite a sight to see me walking down the street with five dogs attached and my hands are still free to offer treats, give hand signals, or carry a couple toys. I'll have to make a video review at some point soon and post it here. In the meantime, if you want to walk or exercise with your dog and keep your hands free this is the system to use.
See my full review of the Scoop Free by going to the product or my clicking on "See all of my review" link here.
7997	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Very Fatty , my kitten did not like it had GI problems
4 Himalayan Seal Points.
5370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The only thing I didn't like is the ball that came with it. We upgraded and got the ultra balls and are much happier and the dog can't destroy them as fast.
a year old and all muscle.  I bought this leash
6544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent food for fis.

1888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our grand puppy loves her lamby toys.
6559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product is fabulous. We have given our large shepherd mixes these chewables or Connectin powder for years and they love them. Must say, within the first week of giving our older dog the powder, he was bouncing around like a pup again! Couldn't believe it!
9548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent dog treat and a nice medium size.  Has a strong smell my dog loves.
7733	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my older cats who had problems chewing hard food. I must say that they are very vocal now about expecting their meals. My cat with stomach issues has not thrown up since I switched them to this. I alternate shreds with pate and they are quite happy. This food also makes sneaking medicine to them easier.
6368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We used only Wellness brand food for our last dog.
8399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good price for this food. My puppy loves it!
9738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy LOVES THIS THING
6608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Have to admit the dogs liked it, I found the smell really strong.
3480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Seller, Great Product.
8121	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Maybe it's great, but my cats won't eat it. I think cans of this size are best suited to households with several cats. According to the label, one can is good for about 16 lbs of cat per day, if they are fed exclusively this food. If one feeds both wet and dry, as we do, a can could last two or more days, by which time it's not so fresh.
I'm not saying it is a problem for all dogs, but it did cause the hair loss on my dog.  This may not be a common side effect, but I can't recommend it to others because of this.
7862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy is a power chewer, first class.  I've had to phase out all plushies and go for something with a bit more substantial.  Oh my gosh, she went NUTS for this toy!  It's held up wonderfully and remains one of her favorite toys!
Those are great features for anyone with a fetch dog. If you also happen to have a weak arm or shoulder, the Chuck It launchers provide nice throwing options. I generally throw underhanded. I can't get the full potential range, that way, but, I still get good, long tosses. I curl my second finger above the last bump on the handle, and use a good wrist flick along with arm swing. I've seen others throw side-arm with the Chuck It.
2188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just ordered my 2nd Mr. Bill. Even after she ripped out his voice box, she still plays with him and carries him everywhere. My 10 lb. morkie loves him and so do I! He makes everyone around laugh. My favorite dog toy yet and we've had 6 or 7 now.
our town. These are are one of the only treats I can feed my two yorkies that don't


2911	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has loved this toy since she was a puppy ten years ago and we occasionally have to replace teddy. This toy is a winner every time and she loves the squeekies in them. I am so glad it comes with replaceable squeekies so that I get more wear out of teddy. Teddy generally last several mos which is saying a lot since we have six dogs to appease.
2723	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute and durable
3130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-)  In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.
2268	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great item 5 squeakers.
7825	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat likes this. She's a light eater.  She likes it well enough to eat it  at room temperature or cold from the fridge.  So, I guess she gives it 5 stars.
1020	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a 100 pound Akita, and love the Flexi Gian Leash.  This is the 3rd one we have purchased.  The price was the best yet, and it arrived quickly. I would highly recommend this leash to anyone with a big or strong dog.
2616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great soft toy. It's funny and dogs love it! My only complaint is it's kind of thin, so I don't think it will last too long, but it'll be fun while it lasts and the price was great!
3414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying other name brands and store brands...and this is the WINNER! I will never go back!  My kitties are flea FREE!  After only 48 hours...my white cat who had endless flea dirt is completely clean!  I was so amazed I dug around  his hair trying to find anything! And I came up empty handed aside from a kitty wanting to play!
6988	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup loves this canned food!  I give it to her along with the Diamond Puppy Lamb & Rice Formula dry food.  She seems to really enjoy it so far!
6264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great litter for ferrets!
6305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually don't use this for my cat, I use it for my ferrets (as pellet litter is recommended for them, to protect their respiratory tracts from dust and their tiny paws from irritation). We have four ferrets and I line the areas where they go with it; it only needs to be changed every 2-3 days, is very absorbent, and doesn't leave messy residue like some litters. It also has a nice scent which is pleasant but not overpowering.
9467	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great treat sizes for the Newfoundlands and I usually break them in 1/2.
At first, I thought this thing was a piece of garbage - my cat quickly figured out how to twirl the top and boom, it was buffet time. Then I did something revolutionary - I read the directions. I know, crazy, right?
This is a neutral color.  One thing to note: a large portion of mine was discolored (yellowish instead of brown).  This did not affect the quality or performance so I plan to just use the ramp as-is.
8623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this because there is enough in a can for each of my cats to have some!  These are great flavors, and I prefer the pate because the gravy or sauce ones go to waste.  My cats lick up the gravy and leave the meaty bits.  Don't know why, but I hate the waste.
6423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves this
4427	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE the Chuckit! I love this shorter one because I throw the ball for my dogs in my backyard and I feel like with this one I throw just the right distance.  With the longer one, I throw farther so I like this one for that reason. Plus, I feel like I have more control over my throws with this length. Regardless of the size you get, these are great because you don't have to pick up the slobbery balls to throw them for your dogs and I can't throw very far with just my hand so my dog gets more exercise when I use the Chuckit! I got this for around $6 as an add on item and it also came with a standard tennis ball style Chuckit! ball.  You CANNOT beat this price in stores ANYWHERE! Amazon for the WIN!
6122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First of all, this is heavy and bulky.  Those two items are why this is a 4 star item instead of 5.  Having said that, I had no problem lifting or using it.
I've used Advantage for my previous cat and for my current cat.  My previous cat did not like Advantage at all.  She'd try to lick it off.  If I put it on her too low, she'd be able to get at it and her mouth would foam up.  Apparently, this was not unusual, since the people at the vet's told me about the foaming mouth when I reported it to them.  They didn't think it was too harmful.  To prevent the foaming mouth, make sure to place it where they can't get to it, higher up on their head.  My current cat doesn't seem to mind it so much.
9093	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I happened to find this in a lightning deal. Before I purchased it, I checked out the reviews on Max Cat products and was pleased to find that it's a good quality food. I like the wholesome quality of the ingredients list, and duck is a flavor that's not easily found. My cat really likes the flavor, and I like that he's eating good, high-grade food instead of cheap, fat-laden, cornmeal laden, by-products.
3573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great, I will never go back to those cheap poop pick up bags.
7583	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cats were not eat it. They took one lick and never went back.
Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf. 5 arfs from my doggens.
7418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats ask for this by name (Meow), and they love the great taste.
2583	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our shih-tzu loves it, made by the same company that makes deedle dudes. I knew we couldn't go wrong. We are always looking for dog toys that don't have squeakers inside because he will have it chewed up within minutes to get that squeaker out.  With the voicebox that says OHHHHH NOOOOOOO our dog still loves it but he takes care of it instead of ripping it open.
- DENTED CANS
7360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So my dog wasn't too interested in it when I first bought it, but when he's super bored he goes to town on it, which is great because it cleans his teeth. Overall great price for this item and it does what it's supposed to.

9459	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog liked it ok.  Enough to chew a thousand tiny razor sharp points into it for me to lacerate my toes on repeatedly.
4400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun!
182	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog will appreciate this
8330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty likes it and it seems like it has good ingredients for what it is. If Manticore is a fan, so am I!
7463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only wet canned food that my cat will eat. Arrived on time. Thanks!!
5332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the shorter version too. This length of handle and M size is perfect for tossing and picking up Chuckit balls AS WELL AS regular ole tennis balls. We use this one just about every day.
9778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are thriving on the Hill''s Science Diet.  They are pretty old but love the dog food I feed them.  Thanks.

7280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pointer chews up everything and fast. But this chew has managed to last. YEA  Not to mention they do not care for plastic, But got lucky on this one.

1154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, nice to have extra's on hand.

5848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I give this to our older dog who has issues with his hips. He seems to eat them OK.
6096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I got this ramp to use over the stairs to the backyard (2 steps) when a dog was injured, and now use it for getting dogs into/out of my vehicle as well. I have had it for several months in frequent use. Its width, the raised edge rail, and the texture + rubberized surface combine to provide good traction in any weather conditions.
9510	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	wish had ordered in a smaller quantity, will be using for years
5212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A must buy for doggie along with the balls.
3491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding product.  This is what I take for the walks.  I need something that is not going to tear, rip or split when a few leaves or twigs get scooped up with the mess.

8994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only high-quality canned cat food that my cat will eat. He loves it so I repurchase.
So, nutrition-wise, I think this food is good but not great.  Two of my three dogs eat this readily.  One is less impressed and will sometimes pass this food up.
9848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy love this stuff, usually when you get a pup they will not eat very good but she at this from the beginning
4184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I need it for and my dogs love it!

777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The optical audio that came with my Astro A50s broke and I was left without audio on my Xbox One! after a few minutes on Amazon this had been ordered and was on the way almost immediately! This cable is cheap and works great!
1546	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I make my own envelopes, and this is great to use to ship my products that I make and sell from my etsy store at

9511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we have been buying this for about 3 years, great product fish gobble it up.
3650	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	worth extra money for making my life easier
1496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I lost my original eyecup because the clip broke and it fell off the camera without me realizing it.
1010	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The Flexi Brand Leashes are nice looking, comfortable to hold and easy to control. Our dog can smoothly move in front of and around us and the leash extends and retracts smoothly. My hands are a little weak from injuries, and I found the Flexi Giant Leash (26 foot) to be so heavy I could not comfortably use it. I use the Flexi Comfort 3 Leash (Large, not XL) which is shorter but considerably lighter.  However, the large may not meet the needs of a very large dog or one that needs "distance" on the leash.  This line of leashes can't be beaten!  Just be sure when you purchase the XL that you are aware it is very heavy and large.
8295	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have been ordering these treats for years. This package of treats is so hard I am afraid to give them to my dog. Usually, I have been able to break them in half. These are so hard I am unable to.
4587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've got bad joints, hurts to throw, but this allows me to give my dog the ball chasing he loves and for me to not hurt.
2107	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My four dogs love toys that make noise and don't just squeak. I may get tired of hearing the sounds but it sure makes my babies happy, so we will always have some of these around!
5765	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely beautiful!
2358	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Was delivered an hour ago... Miss Freyja our Akita already has Mr. Bill's head torn off. It wasn't as durable as I was hoping. RIP Mr. Bill.
2557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I recently got a puppy who is chewing on everything, except most of the puppy toys.  This is one of the exceptions.  He loves it.  His two favorite things are his Mr. Bill doll and his bully stick.  Both of them are holding up well.  If I activate the "Oh, noooooo" sound, he pounces on it and jumps around.  If he activates it in his mouth, he does a demonstration of the shaken baby syndrome and runs around the house.  I am amazed at the abuse this toy has taken.  If he ever destroys it, I will be getting him another.  As to the reviewer who bought it for his brother, not realizing it was a dog toy, I am sure any fan of Mr. Bill (and maybe even those who have never heard of Mr. Bill) would love to have this doll.

2145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They shredded it pretty fast but had a very very good time. LOL, they chewed and shreded and he said," ohhhhh Nooooo"

916	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	on time


2332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Although I thought I ordered the smaller one, my yorkie still loves this toy!
4740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a ball thrower. It throws balls pretty far. It is my lab's favorite toy. I love this length too and now own one for every car and an additional couple with the old handle that I've picked up at garage sales. The new handle is much more comfortable. It fits regular tennis balls which we buy in bulk at Costco. Did I mention that my lab LOVES tennis balls. It fits perfectly in my day pack and allows me to throw balls comfortably almost as long as my lab is willing to fetch them. (That last statement is probably not true, she will fetch forever.)
5393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It launches the ball like no other...my dog loves it!  I also enjoy the fact that I don't need to touch his slobbery ball, I just use the launcher to pick it up and go again!  Great for hyper dogs!
7488	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This used to be really great food. They changed the formula this year, along with the label. Our persian cats ate Wellness for 4-5 years and were very healthy. One is 8 and one is 14. But over the last couple of months, they both began to lose a lot of weight, and didn't like the food so much, and it seemed to jack them up.  We just bought some Ziwi lamb, and they totally love it. They can't stop eating.  We're hopeful they will put their weight back on.
9006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For $6 dollars this litter box beats all the other over priced boxes I've bought over the years. It is pretty large as well. Fits my chubby cat really well so I won't have to deal with accidents on the floor or sides of the boxes anymore. 
I need to research if I can get a replacement for the middle once my cats have shredded the scratch pad.
5052	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Be careful not to use near brush. This worked so well I ended up tossing a ball into brush on the edge of our yard that I didn't think would be in range and we ended up with mosquito bites and prickers in our skin when we tried to dig it out. I can't wait to go to our local dog park and let our german shepherd really get a good workout with this launcher. Even though this fits regular tennis balls i read that regular tennis balls are not safe for dogs. the microfiber erodes the enamel on their teeth and the balls can collapse and pose a choking hazard. Just a bit of info I picked up recently so I  thought I'd pass it on in case you aren't aware. So stick to the ball that comes with the launcher or something made especially for dogs. I bought a planet dog glow for good 2.5" ball and it fits this launcher perfectly and will not collapse or pose a choking hazard. What a great toy.
8758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying this product for years and grown some terrific Koi!  They were so healthy that a neighbor's big old tom cat cleaned them out of my pond!!!  Now I have to start over.  I will still use this location for buying the koi food in this larger quantity.  It is the most economical way to purchase it.  The fish love it!!!
6983	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Collie picky puppy likes moderately.  But I like a lot!  Doesn't cause diarrhea.
8227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised! Puppy liked it in the beginning but I switched over to Earthborn. They are grain free.
7259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good price.
6848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	No complaints from the pup
It doesn't' wiggle! WTF
7592	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to like this canned dog food.  I love the wellness dry food and the puppy treats.  Their ingredients are excellent and they consistently get great reviews for nutritional value in dog-food-review websites.  My puppy loves the taste of this food.  I use it mainly to stuff kongs. I sometimes freeze the stuff kongs so my puppy has to work harder at getting the food (it keeps him busy and away from socks, shoes and other off limits items!)  However, he gets a lot of gas, and it STINKS big time, my son labeled it "nuclear-grade", so amazing that such a little puppy can assault the air quality in the room like that!  At first I thought it was only my puppy's "issue", but I fostered two other puppies for a weekend and after they ate this food, it had the same effect and same level of "potency".. yucky.. Just waiting for my puppy to finish the 12 pack and I am looking to switch to another brand.
6434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price for the quantity.
9133	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food she is 11 years old with a sensitive stomach.  She does well on it and its not too expensive.
4821	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The ball didn't last five minutes however we still have the stick.
Additional features such as a 3 year reference, future planning pages, space to list contacts, room for notes, space to list events by month, and a list of dates when holidays fall through 2019.  The planner is quite thin in spite of these additions to the calendar.  An elastic band holds the planner closed.  The cover has a nice feel to it, very smooth and a little soft.  While it doesn't have the sturdiest construction, it does seem able to hold up to one year of use just fine.
9322	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works with milkbones or any similar sized treat for larger dog (perfect size for my parents lab). We started by putting kibble in it, which the lab easily figured out you just tip the toy over and there's the food. When we put a milkbone instead she had to chew a bit to get it out. I haven't tried it with whipped cream or peanut butter yet but I imagine they'd be chewing a while in that case. It has grooves which i suppose are designed for tooth brushing.
6991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my kitty loves it
We recommend using Kong treats for this toy, as sticking a normal treat inside is no challenge for our dog to get out...and subsequently less chewing.
5331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well, you can throw much farther without tiring you arm.  They do wear out after a while, the plastic gets flexible.
5108	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit, what would I do without you.  You will probably think this is presumptuous of me (and maybe it is) but I think I was one of the original proponents of these chuckits.  People used to stop me all the time to ask about this ball flinging thingy.  I discovered it in a an out of the way pet shop eons ago.  At that time I think they only had the long chuckits. That feels like a lifetime ago.  I got quite proficient at it (there is a learning curve).  Eventually the 18 incher came out and that became my go-to chuckit.  I have tried the smaller ones (I really should have stock in the company) but didn't like them as much as the 18 inch version.
4168	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are so much cheaper at amazon than at the big box pet shops. They fit perfectly in my chuck it toy. They size works well for my two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels.
8252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These treats work well for my 1 year old GSD. She has an extremely sensitive stomach and a chicken intolerance. These treats don't contain chicken or egg, and they haven't upset her stomach at all. I went with the ones for small dogs even though she is 60 lbs, since I wanted them to be smaller treats. They will last us a long time too!
3510	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	On the pricey side, but boy these things are awesome.  I travel quite frequently with my lil furry friend, and these are perfect for the road trips, and walks around the neighborhood.  Highly recommend and will continue to buy.  I've found that Amazon has the best price too!
4064	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dog loves her chuck it, and we love that these add on balls are so affordable. The orange is a great color for visibility, but our heavy chewer can and does break these on a fairly regular basis. They also really hold onto dirt (and our dog really likes burying them)

2173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	awesome toy - it is my poochie's fave toy (she has Many)
I'd highly recommend
2554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So, Mr. Bill is not the sturdiest of dog toys, but he's hilarious. It's a great toy to give the dog when we have company over, because his 'Oh Nooooooooooo' squeaker makes everyone laugh. Our pitbull/rotweiller beheaded Mr. Bill in a few days, but the squeaker has survived, and our dog is terrified of it. If he's doing something naughty, we pull out Mr. Bill's squeaker, and the "Oh Noooooooo!" stops him in his tracks. Worth the money, for sheer entertainment value.

8657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	use this for my koi pond - their colors really do come out more with this food.

CAT HAS ASTHMA WHEN SHE GETS GRAIN, GOT VERY VERY  ILLL. BE WARNED, NOT FOR ALL CATS. WILL BE REHOMING MY CASE.

7595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have three cats of varying breeds and sizes. All of them prefer the PATE in the Friskies brand. They've put weight on nicely with this.
5921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Item as described. Good Product...
9749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog love it and it comes to the house-- no lugging it home or not being able to find it when you need it. Thanks for the delivery
8611	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cat loves it.
2213	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Sadly this toy lasted about 2 days with a 3 month old Border Collie before the stuffing was coming out of it and it was put out to pasture (toy, not the dog).
5981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As far as I can tell, it works as advertised. We only used it once while we were gone from the house and my cat didn't eat (stress I think). We have to use wet food though and the ice pack didn't last as long as I'd hoped. We were gone overnight and the ice wasn't cold when we got home, we threw out the food that the cat didn't eat. So if someone can come in to change the ice, it would work. There must be a way to do it where it would last longer, but we've just had someone come feed the cat instead. If someone knows of a way, please let me know!
4062	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Our dog rips these open almost immediately where as he cannot rip apart regular tennis balls. I wasted my money on these - don't you do the same.
price was fantastic, 4$ not 15 like petco.
739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This calendar is perfect for my needs, a family calendar with plenty of space to write on each day and take notes on the side, without all the individual day pages making it heavy. This is very easy to carry around and is very attractive. There are notes pages in the back and a small slot on the back cover to keep receipts, notes, invites or whatever.
6803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogfoodadvisor.com rates this brand 4 to 4.5 out of 5 stars nutritionally.  Not cheap, but my dogs love it.
5143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are OBSESSED with chasing thrown balls!!!  I would honestly be lost without this!  I have purchased several of these due to leaving them at the park or loosing them.  This is definitely a necessity for my fur babies.  Very durable and I am able to launch this to give my dogs plenty of exercise.  Would buy again if I loose this or leave it somewhere.
7922	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great

2969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for a mini shih-tzu for Christmas.  This teddy bear is her absolute favorite toy.  Not only does she play with it by squeaking it and carrying it around, she takes it to bed with her at night.  She holds her bear under her paws.  Provides security for her.
4050	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I asked questions here and everyone said get one because... and they were right. When I realized I had a dog that loved balls (my very first one) I went looking for a Chukit!. I didn't know anything about them and needed to understand. Once I got the answers I needed, I bought one and it arrived today. Bella went nuts! She grabbed the ball immediately in the house and wouldn't give it back. Eventually she released it and I was able to toss it in the house. She loved that too, but made it clear she wanted outside with it so off we went.
7512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great dog food for my dog who has seizures, no preservatives, especially Rosemary which is a neuro-toxin. I rated this a "4" because the cans were frequently dented and difficult to open.
5971	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	After reading the many reviews I decided to purchase. I love it! Had it for several months now and no problems. Rotates every 12 hours and using 1/2 cup per section.  My mom found exact same one at the goodwill for 25 cents in the misc section and now she uses it at her house with no problems. My sister bought one here on amazon too after she heard about it from me.... They all work great what a deal!
The frame is plastic and one of the plastic 'tees' broke easily. had to return the first one due to zipper "malfunction". The zipper is difficult to zip, very tight. I had to reset the auto cat box and that entails unzipping .. after which I don't attempt to re-zip, the top just sits on top of frame.

8209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these for my "Elderly-Kitty"  Trying to improve the quality of food Modifying to be free of Grain (especially corn and wheat, as well as only NON-GMO foods) to  help Him live A Longer and Healthier Life with us!  He had been hving a sensitive Tummy frequent vomiting, so I got this to see if he could keep it down .. he loved it .. but I am using it as a supplement every 3rd day or so along with "CORE WELLNESS GRAINFREE KITTEN- PROTIEN FOCUSED NUTRITION with pre-pro-biotic Enzymes sprinkled -a Tiny bit on each... AND HE HAS BEEN GIVEN A NEW LEASE ON LIFE.. I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO LOSE HIM .. THESE, WITH colloidal Silver 30ppm in his water dish (about 1/4 cap) I THINK HE'S GOING TO BE ABLE TO STAY AROUND A BIT LONGER... EVERY DAY IS A MIRACLE AND HE IS FEELING SO MUCH BETTER, EATING and only 1 throw up in 2weeks!!! Thank You for Pet Food Manufacturers who have taken a stand for the rights of our animals and -Now provide healthy Alternatives to Enable them to Live Longer and Healthier Lives!!!  So He's a Happy Cat  Now! ...Pprrrrrr...ppprrrrrr....pppprrrrr  here is the link for you...&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NUTRO-MAX-CAT-Kitten-Chicken-and-Liver-Formula-Canned-Cat-Food-Pack-of-24/dp/B0002ASBKE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NUTRO MAX CAT Kitten Chicken and Liver Formula Canned Cat Food (Pack of 24)</a>
3199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a very high strung german shorthaired pointer who didn't like going in car for rides, this has helped alot. We give her 2 about 30 minutes before going in car and she is much calmer.
104	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great.  Just as advertised.  no complaints or problems.
2033	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	7 months German Shepherd puppy destroys it in 30 min
5637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	WATCH THOSE TENNIS BALLS CLOSELY PLEASE
3376	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lick, lick, lick, lick, lick, lick...does your cat do this?  Licking more than usual?  Does you cat leave you slimey hairball slugs they've hacked up on your floor or furniture?  Do they pull out their hair in tufts to leave around your house?
9512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very good product; fish are eating away.
  2. Emptied poop from pads (where she was going since we got her) into litter box (turned on).
1498	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My parrot destroyed the original eyepiece that came with the camera (at least she left the camera body and lens alone!)  This eyepiece fits very loosely, and fell off twice while wearing my camera around my neck (at least I noticed).  Would definately not buy again.

9947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love It
8223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I think this is a great product.  It's high quality nutrition.  I am disappointed at the number of cans that were dented.  I realize it's "just cat food", but it's a bad idea to use food from damaged cans, so I'm not happy about that part of it....and thus the reason for less than 5 stars.
7033	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My picky cats like this dry food. It is one of the only things they consistantly will eat.
8961	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves them
This tray is made in the USA and is a quality product from Droll Yankees. It will attract far more birds then just the feeder alone.

5598	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you do not want to get dog slobber all over your hands, or if you prefer not to bend down to pick the ball off the ground each time, then this is an excellent product for you.  Would recommend to owner of any dog that likes chasing after tennis balls.
2551	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy Lambchop.  He walks around with it in his mouth.  He has plenty of toys but this by far is the favorite.
390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Seresto collar for about 4 years now on my lab. Great results. Keeps ticks away
2300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs fight over this toy!
Each play session lasts from 3 - 8 minutes depending on which cat it is. We have three and two of them like this more than the third.
3819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product is wonderful! I had a horrible stain in front of our sectional couch from everyone's dirty shoes that I have tried and tried to get clean, but the stains never really came out and it was a big long, DIRTY, DARK stain on a light grey carpet. I never tried a pre-treat on it before, so I have nothing to compare this product to, but as soon as I got it, I sprayed the area real well and left it on there for 25min - I then pulled out my heavy duty Hoover carpet cleaner and went to work with the Bissell carpet cleaner solution and super hot tap water.  I had to go over the spots quite a few times to get them clean, but to my AMAZEMENT the whole stain came out!!! I have to warn when you first start cleaning anything this bad, the carpet looks really bad before it starts looking better. The stain was SO bad when I started cleaning it I think because it was wet, but then the more I went over it the cleaner it got and when it was dry, it looked awesome! There is a little residue, but it has never looked this good. It saved me from having to buy a area rug to cover it. Now I make everyone take off their shoes before they come in the livingroom. We'll see how long that lasts, but I'm happy for now. I also had a wine spot in the dinning area that i could never get out either and while I was working on the couch area, I let the pre-treat work on the wine stain and that came out too!!
9896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats love this quality litter pan.
Dogs like people would prefer something that taste wonderful but might not be the best nutritionally for them, I guess they prefer junk food, sorta like us!
7238	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dogs like it a lot, but doesn't last long with aggressive chewers.  we've recently switched to the more expensive, american made Benebone Jumbo and the dogs LOVE the peanut-infused flavor.
4927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	as described
2206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves this

The ribbed surface has good traction and the construction seems good.  This ramp is too short to be used to climb into the hatchback.  The angle is too steep and there is no "lip" to secure it.  But, the ramp is too wide to fit in the rear door so we just cannot use it.  I will try to make use of it in the house or back porch.  I recommend going to a store to try this out before purchasing.
2979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The package says it's for dogs 20-40 lbs, so I hoped my 14 lb mini-schnauzer wouldn't rip it apart too fast.  The day it arrived, the schnauzer, and her 30 lb Schnoodle "brother" played tug-of-war with it til they wore themselves out.  Teddy survived - yay!  We've had it for five days now and Teddy still looks like new and the squeaker is great.  My schnauzer has pretty much claimed it as her toy and she loves to make it squeak, she throws it in the air and chases it, and occasionally enjoys a game of tug-of-war with Teddy in the middle.  I just wish there was a 'large' because it's  a pretty small toy for a 20-40 lb dog.  It's just about right for a mini schnauzer, toy poodle, etc.

464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very reliable tick and flea prevention. I have a small dog so I buy the extra large size and get two collars out of it. I wrap the second one well and place back in container, because these are pretty expensive. Have already done once. It didn't hurt my dog and it still worked after being stored.
1442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great colors and the little one we bought it for loves it she is crazy about peacocks and loves this one to.
I've had it detach once when my dog leaped forward, but it hasn't happened again. (I think I didn't latch the buckles all the way)
2954	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 50-lb pointer/lab/pit mix loves this bear!  I previously bought the beaver and saw how much she liked that.  Knowing my dog's personality (more like a lab), I thought it would be a good idea to purchase another one to keep her from getting bored.  Although she still plays with her beaver, she likes her teddy bear the best!  She sleeps with it, gently squeezes it to hear it squeak.  She wants to take it outdoors, but I always instruct her to "leave it".  Reluctantly she squeaks it several times and puts it down!  Most of the time she is carrying one or the other (or sometimes both!) when she moves from one part of the house to the other!  About once a week, I take the squeaker insert out, remove the squeakers (I put a 2nd one in it!), hand wash the insert and toy, and then put them in the clothes dryer on the delicate cycle.  Still looks like new several weeks later!
347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Almost at the six month mark and no tics or fleas.
Since I do not intend to let my puppy ingest this, it is being returned. This is a ridiculous and unnecessary health hazard.
6354	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat hated this product.  It still tracked put on the carpet and did not keep smell at bay nearly as well as clay litter.  I have 3/4 of a bag left and I am not sure what I will do with it.
1979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog's absolute favorite toy! If he could, he'd play with it all day everyday!
6976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats like three out of four selections. They have never been crazy for white fish variety, but they do eat it.
7195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best money spent for our kitten Sir Prince Jinx!
8268	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loved this as a kitty and even now as full grown
7213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this product has done wonders for our  4 yr old cats very sensitive tummy.....  really makes a difference
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four (smaller sizes)!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
7570	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Cat doesn't like

They don't go out ever.
9784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats love this food! Unfortunately this bag, the coupons where not in a protected pouch, so all the oils from the food had made the coupon transparent and the ink had started to ooze. I still give it 4 starts due to prior quality of the food. Must have been a glitch in communication with the advertisement and Purina.
1159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These aren't always at every store so it's very handy Amazon carries these at a decent price.  Getting it on prime is always a bonus.
1786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The new puppy loves her Lambchop!
6071	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great ramp for larger dogs. Only 1 problem, there isn't a way to hook the ramp to the pool. If it had that, 5 stars! If you buy, I suggest also getting the leg attachments that will hold it up better in the pool.
9028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They float.  Both fish and turtles love them.
9503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Vet recommended and dog loves it.
2480	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loved it, but Mr. Bill stopped saying Ohh noooo after the first day. It's made by a company called Multipet, but it couldn't survive a house with just one :-(
7880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I live in NYC, and not all of the Pet Stores carry this specific cat food. The ones that do are getting VERY expensive. While this is FAR from the cheapest cat food, it is in both mine and my veterinarians opinion - is the best quality and best overall cat food.  My cat LOVES it and this seller has a very good price.  It is an expensive cat food, but this is at least priced in line.  I highly recommend it.
4840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product.  we live on property and this has made playing catch with our labs so much more fun!
1987	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVES this toy. She does not rip it to pieces like she does with the others, especially the moose; she hates the moose. Duckworth has lived for quite a few months as well. This toy still has all of it's limbs intact! I She carries this toy around all the time. Its a decent size for my 75lb Pitt/Rotty
Cons:
2124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this one does its job well. definitely my dog's favorite.
262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for both my long hair and short hair cats. They love the taste too!
9206	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This toy has a too wide cavity for putting skinny treats. The treats are easily accessible and taken out by simply bouncing the toy around.
3802	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Spray not as expected and did not get the job done.
3784	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Butterfly screw caps not so great. Hard to tighten.  The dog pushed down on the bars that the plastic piece holding the bar broke; no good after that.
6746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My senior dog will eat this on occasion.  He is a very fussy spoiled dog who would really prefer to eat chicken at every meal!  But he does like this.  I have found that it is preferred plain and not mixed with any kibble.  But this is just my dogs preference.
8526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this food. I will purchase a larger bag next time.
6940	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my spoiled kitties love their friskies canned as a treat.
5653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mixed breed medium size dog is very energetic. I walk him and his same sized female sidekick faithfully each day.  She is relaxed most of the time, but he still has a great deal of energy.  I'm using the chuckit to give him more active playtime and it seems to be working very well.  I walked him after a chuckit session and he was very well behaved, not pulling on the leash as much as he usually does.

5340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy and I love the fact it launches far without me over stressing my shoulder which is important.
3831	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I've used a variety of Bissell cleaning products and machines, and it can be tough to evaluate something like this one. The problem is that since it's a pre-treat, if you use it with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-2X-Pet-Stain-Odor/dp/B004BUEYD4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL 2X Pet Stain & Odor</a>&nbsp;carpet formula or with one of their machines, it's hard to tell which one deserves the credit.
8203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My indoor cats love these.

3826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We were not aware our cat had marked our carpet in a few areas until it was dried in.  This product got the pee out so good when it came time to move we got 100% of our security deposit back--and they check really good for that kind of stuff.  The carpet looked as good as new.  Whew!  We used a carpet shampooer after this product and it worked just like it said it would.  Thank goodness.
8288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I researched cat food for such a long time before trying out Wellness with my little Agent DiNozzo. I had a cat with urinary crystal issues in the past, so I knew it had to be grain free, I never wanna see a poor cat so ill like that again. I love the ingredients, the lack of cheap fillers, and I like the company and what they stand for. Helps that DiNozzo loves it, too. So glad to find it on Amazon, the price break is fantastic. I bought a tiny kitchen scale so I can use the larger cans for additional savings.
-it's noisy when they go to their litterbox at night, and my younger rat liked to dig around in it for hours
1206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love Littermaid products. I have 2 large male Meezers, so I bought a reconditioned LM900 Mega box about 3 years ago. I've never had a day's trouble with it over the 3 years, even though both cats use the same box. One cat is very timid and I was afraid he wouldn't use it because of the cleaning mechanism, which is a bit noisy, but he loves the box and so does his brother. Since there is always clean, fresh litter for them, they use it without reservation and I know they are healthier for it. Sure, there's still a little maintenance to perform--I have to scoop out some of the smaller pieces that fall back into the box after the rake, and sometimes my guys will fill up a corner--but I don't have to clean the entire box several times a day and empty the litter every other day or so like I would have to with a conventional box. There's virtually no litter dust or odor, since the box cleans itself and covers the debris every time it's used. I highly recommend Littermaid products to anyone who loves their cats.
1919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Got this for a relative named Bill (for his dog). It is really cute!
5488	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This keeps your shoulder from hurting when you are playing ball with a dog that will never give up.  It helps throw a good distance with out hurting yourself.  You just need a big yard or dog park to play with this.  This comes with the chuckit! tennis ball but I prefer to use the chuckit! rubber balls they last longer and bounce higher and goes in different directions.  I have tried other ball launchers and by far this is the best one to wear out your dog and keep you from not working to hard or hurting yourself.
buy a heavy duty leash like this at your local

7358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great!


234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice and bright
6385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it
9599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two small dogs have difficulty with treats/GI issues.  Not with these!  Good product, good price.
8722	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I quit giving my dogs packaged treats like these..they get diarrhea.
5785	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. Works perfectly.
6270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Has really helped my Pit With Her hip issues Highly Reccomend

1246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought the largest LitterMaid off of Ebay in Jan 2003 from a Seller called KittenKaboodle. It took a few trials to find a litter that worked well but I settled on Scoop Away. Yes, as some reviewers have mentioned, sometimes it does stick to the bottom and you will have to use the scooper to scrape it up or clean the rakes sometimes. Then, I just turn it on and off and it will rake everything up.  It only takes me a few seconds to check for any stuck spots or even out the litter, turn it on and off to make it rake and then add a little new litter to the top (so the cats think it's nice and clean). :-) It's not completely "no work" but it is a lot less work than a "manual" litterbox and stays smelling cleaner than manual boxes.  I do use larger plastic grocery bags in the receptacle. It's a lot cheaper than throwing away receptacles every 3-4 days and it's alot easier to clean. Believe me, I do not like trying to pry those receptacles out when it is completely full.  You have to stick your fingers inside to grab onto it (YUCK!) and it's heavy and hard to get out sometimes dumping litter and stuff all over the place (double YUCK).
636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog Finnegan LOVES this toy
5944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	When we started using this we found it hard to keep track of when we needed to refill since the compartments are not numbered.  We solved that by taking a sharpie and numbering the compartments ourselves.  Does tend to take quite a bit of battery power so it would nice of there was an optional power plug.

8357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best value for dollar based on reviews/analysis of dog foods at Dog Food Advisor website.  Right to the door for this price is amazing.  Dogs love it but they eat deer droppings.
5660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Purchased the chuckit for my 3 dogs.  The lab looooves it.  One of the others thinks it's a giant chew toy so we have to keep it out of her reach. :) Would recommend it for any dog that is a fetching machine.
8001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My felines love the flavor and it's healthy for them.
4794	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great little launcher. Need to use wrist action. Small - fits anywhere.
7584	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat won't eat this . Ended up donating the case
3867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price, dogs love them
4334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyable for both puppy and me.

613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good bird toy
!
8743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	For our Dog - Thanks

3396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product both of my cats for a good while now. It works great and fast. My cats are sensitive to a lot of things but neither has any kind of reaction to this product. I will continue to use.
4532	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	an arm saver at the dog park!  If you have a retriever, you must get one of these!
6584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have noticed shinier coats on my dogs with this stuff. They go potty less and it's firm too so I know it agrees with their system. Price is right. I trust Wellness and all it's products.
- Quiet
8877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the food that our pup was on at the shelter. He seems to have liked it. He definitely acted like he was gonna call the ASPCA every time we were two minutes late on a meal.
9620	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too small for my dogs
7167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this flavor. One of my cats does not care for dry food. But she will eat this one. I keep the dry food out in their bowl throughout the day for them and it takes approximately three days for them eat it all but with this dry food, it's gone within one day. Smell of this dry food smells like the trader joes' cat treats I buy for them and they love the cat treats. I would buy this again for them because they both love it. And I think I'll have to buy it for them way sooner rather than later.
6111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I had to return a telescoping pet ramp I got through Amazon because the scratchy, ping pong paddle surface didn't work for my 30 pd dog.  She literally slipped and left scratched marks on it.  This one has ridges that are close together and the surface feels like a synthetic rubber.  I set it up and put a couple pieces of kibble at the top of the ramp set at a 45 degree angle and my 8 year old dog scrambled right up it, ate the kibble and laid down on it.  I had to tell her "table" to get her up and onto the table.  She had knee surgery earlier this year and this would have helped a great deal with the car and the grooming table as I have a bad back making it a challenge to lift her that far.  I don't need it to get her down but may try it to get her ready for the back of the SUV.  It is 2.5 pds heavier than the other and the sides are relatively thin plastic as opposed to the fiber glass with the telescoping one.  The box states that it weighs 18.5 pds which differs from the description a bit.  This one is harder to move around and there really is only one length.  It's rubber feet left a mark on white berber carpet that the vacuum removed. A friend of mine has this ramp and has used it for a variety of other uses.
3903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	like that they are bright orange balls.
5725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing.  I didn't know there were so many things I could do with a whipped cream dispenser.  Mouses, flavored whipped creams, non-sugar /alternatively sweetened whipped creams, savory cream garnishes, low-carb treats.  This dispenser is well-made and a perfect size for a refrigerator door shelf.  It doesn't take up too much room.  I am also looking forward to using it to make carbonated beverages.
5715	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These far exceeded my expectations. They are awesome for keeping just about anything. I have used them for beverages ( no leaking) and I have also used them for storage of dried goods in my pantry (cheezits, trail mix, M&M's). Nice display and you can see what irks in there crystal clear!! I am ordering more!!!!


I am going to order monthly now as  it is cheaper. Great price great for your cats,
My unit burned out when one of the cats pulled out the power cord at the end of the unit.  It just kept getting fuller and fuller and I was gone for a few days.  Even though it is supposed to be protected from running when blocked, when I returned I found the unit almost extended to the refuse bin and the stupid wire which hangs out in the middle of the box had been tangled by one of the poor cats trying to use the unit when it broke.  BAD DESIGN!
A big note for those who purchased the 4oz Color Wash spray in the last year: Ranger discontinued several colors like Pesto, Mushroom, Terra Cotta etc. and also discontinued the 4oz size. Now there is only a 2oz size but it costs the same as the 4oz size so that works out to a 100% price increase. Thanks a lot Ranger.
2129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable and squeaky. My dog loved it.
3822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST cleaning agent for your rugs. We have 5 dogs who track in and out. This helps clean up messy spots asasp. Great on old dog urine treatments as well. I give this to new puppy owners-friends.
1696	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great value! Squeakies in several places.



3985	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Chuck it. Don't let your dog chew it. My little Maltese chewed this ball into pieces within minutes. She loves balls and playing fetch but, she also enjoys chewing on the balls. I thought this would be better to throw inside then the other brand that I purchase (made of rubber). It's hard to play ball outside right now due to the foot and half of snow. She goes outside and I can't see her..she's covered in snow and with her being white. Well, it's best to throw the ball inside right now. I guess I'll stick with the rubber balls.
8873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product is great my pet really enjoys it and it a great way for him to get exercise.  It doesn't seem to get damamged being outside or with him chewing on it all the time.
To date, our best luck - and that's an overstatement - has been with the canned brand that provides the cats with an opportunity for fancy feasting. But, even then, that's only with some of the varieties. For instance, they generally don't like "flaked" or "minced", or "sliced." What may work on a good day is the "classic", "grilled", or "chunky." It's a crapshoot.
5829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These biscuits are very hard, so we saw them in half for our small dogs.  They love the flavor, and get lots of chewing exercise.  An easy way to administer glucosamine.
For those of you who deal with these pesky poop issues I am sure you want the details....  this bag is big enough to pick up even a monster sized poop or maybe even two poops with room left over to tie a knot with ease.  It is well enough designed that if you pick up one poop and then your dog poops again, you can effortlessly use the bag to pick up a second poop without getting your hands at all dirty or smelly.  I have to say that I also use these to pick poops out of the cat litter box.
6388	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	RIley and Halle are back on their reviewing job, and they both really liked this dog food.  As a Doberman, Halle gets more than small Riley, but they both eat eagerly.
6638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat ate this for years, enjoying it until his heart finally gave out, but he loved every can for more than 19 years.
I think the spray is the same type of solution that you use in the SPOTBOT, so I think this can be used even if you don't own the machine itself.
9018	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves the dental dinosaur. She is a fairly aggressive chewer, and safely chews on the dino for about a month or so. I have purchased several of these for my dog and have had no problems.
5496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Why did I wait so long to get one of these?  I blew out my elbow and my shoulder throwing tennis balls over the years.  This.... is magic!  I can toss the ball WAY high up in the air so even the old dead ones bounce.  The only downside is I have to be careful not to fling the ball so far that it goes over the fence.
7152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My rating reflects the fact that some of the cans in the case were dented.
123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Background:
8327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is by far an "undiscovered" kibble for many that are buying over-priced kibble.  Was raised on a ranch & my parents bought this @ the feed store many years ago.  Kept using it for my dogs (typically Dobies) and as always they live a longer, healhty life with lots of energy, shiny coats and enjoy the food.  I have actually tried other, higher priced brands & some dogs got the "runs", others threw up, etc.  So back to a tried and true brand they love.  Love the subscribe & save aspect as well.
3084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	received mine in a timely fashion and i was overall pleased with the leash. good strong material for the straps and heavy duty buckles. i have a 14 month old 65 lbs German shepherd that loves to go on walks and jogs. she doesnt pull too hard away from me  when we go for a walk or jog, so i don't have problems with that but i did buy the lunge buster attachment just because and it works like a charm as well. i would recommend this product.
3210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's the only thing that keeps us sane with a very fussy, elderly English Bulldog.  I also passed a few on to our friends & they have also done the same with their friends.  I think this company owes me some kick back!  Ha!  Seriously though when our baby boy gets fussy for whatever reason this helps a ton.  It calms him down & sometimes he will even take a nap.  Our friend's dog has issues with storms & other events & she can't believe how much better this works for her little guy than some sad prescription or the thunder coat (seen that but never used it).  Worth every penny to try.  I suggest going with the lower dosage first.  According to the ingredients I would dare say it's almost like giving your dog a Thanksgiving dinner & a beer.  Snooze central.
3061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have dogs that pull on leash. This helps them stay close and not pull. Allows to walk more dogs.
5840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These have to be my dog's favorite treats. Will turn down other treats including jerky for these peanut-butter crunchies. And it's good for them on top of it! Yes, it's expensive especially when you have 4 dogs like I do but they need their glucosamine and I want healthy and happy dogs so this is the ticket.
6682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As advertised, thank you, fast shipping
5291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great to pick up balls avoiding the slobber/sand build up and gives you more distance if you are not a ball thrower.

7130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this stuff.  Would be nice if the cans had pop tops.
3910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love these balls
20	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good for puppies who not have problems to keep not having problems. easy to give to active do. many useful vitamins.
2615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this toy because we have a running joke in my house basically saying that one of my three Pekingese loves to make toys with squeaks in them "scream".  He only plays with a toy that has a squeak in it until it doesn't squeak anymore, then moves onto the next.  I bought Mr. Bill for him, because I thought that he would love the "Oh NO!" sound and sure enough... instant hit.  He carried Mr. Bill all over the house with him and we always knew where he was because we could hear the "Oh NO!" sounds from all over the house.  Sadly, Mr. Bill has been retired, because he was taken out into the yard in the rain and got muddy and as I can't wash him with his battery pack in, I threw him away until I can buy another one.  Anyway, great toy!  Can't wait to get him back into our house!
6977	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat would not eat dry treats of wet cat food. He likes these and begs to be fed.
795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My niece loves!!!

188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
4537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	so much easier to throw ball farther for the dogs. and no slime!
3014	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Adaptable, comfortable, easy connections! Needs a caribeener(?) connection to prevent multiple dogs from getting tangled.
I will admit with three cats I don't usually get them to last much past two years, but the cats health and my sanity are in great debt to LitterMaid. It is well worth the money for me not to have to clean a litter box out at least three times a day. I have also noticed the cats are cleaner and the smell is much better. If your cats tend to urinate in one spot you may want to take a litter rake and loosen it once in awhile. A large accumulation hardened to the plastic bottom could cause problems with it raking properly. Any time that has happened I could hear the box repeatedly trying to rake the litter. I just went in, unplugged the power, and took a scoop to the clumps. It always worked fine after I plugged it back in. Seldom as that occurs, I don't mind a bit.
7428	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tough and my hounds love them.
3359	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tried Frontline. Frontline didn't work very well, even after multiple uses. Advantage is amazing. Fleas were literally falling off the cats, in death throes, within an hour after dosage. Definitely recommended for cats. Haven't used on dogs, so cannot review canines. :)
2676	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for small dogs
4101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's great but I'm not a pro thrower and would find the shorter handle easier to use.
5290	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very long but great.  Too long for my yard which is 70x70.
2886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	VERY NICE

5255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the 18 inch classic launcher, the very first launcher that Chuckit made and got the smaller sport 14S for my toy and miniature poodles.  For a small ball launcher it goes pretty far, much further than I'd ever be able to throw a ball.  My dogs go crazy when they see this launcher because they know it means "play time".  The sport 14S launcher works with the smaller 2 inch balls which is a great size for smaller dogs.
Overall a good toy for dogs of all ages, I would recommend.

The only side effect I have noticed is my Maltese dog's long moustache and beard turn yellow after eating this supplement sprinkled on his food.
1859	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	O M G.  this is too funny.  says "OH NOOOOOOOO".  dogs loving it too.  Big guy carries this and woody woodpecker around now.  house is quiet -- then you hear "OH NOOOOO".  yeah, gotta ge this one!
I started my heeler off with the size small balls as a puppy, we just made the jump to mediums.

64	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love the recipes! I have 8 and have tried many of the recipes. So much better for your critters than ready made store bought brands.
5827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our three Bullmastiffs really like these!  Our vet had been after me to give glucosamine and chondroitin to our older two, but I could not find any form of pills or treats that they would take.  I tried these cookies and they love them!  At least I know they are getting a good amount of glucosamine now with these treats.
- CAT LOVES IT
6770	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far so good! We needed canned food FAST when our 3 cat household suddenly turned to 6. No one turns up their noses to any of the flavors (mixed grill, salmon, turkey), and its pretty juicy which helped get moisture to 3 ferals that wouldnt drink water from bowls.
Pooper Flicker! I have more urine balls and fecal balls on the outside of the box.
Dogs love that I can launch the ball even farther. Tired dogs = happy me.
NO MORE! Wellness has quite obviously changed the formula for the food, or perhaps it's just poor quality control  I don't know the reason as the manufacturer hasen't responded to my inquires about the food. However, the last few cases we went through were obviously different from what we began feeding Cody several months ago  it's much softer with a lot of liquid in the cans, and it smells like overcooked fish. Whereas Cody used to be so eager to get to the bowl that she nearly knocked me over, after we started feeding her from our last order of 10 cases, she became more and more reluctant to eat it, flatly refusing at times and at other times eating it only with a great deal of coaxing by my wife (who would get on the floor and hand-feed Cody to get her started), and even then she was anything but enthusiastic. Today was the last straw  Cody flatly refused to touch it, even with my wife's coaxing so I made her her a mixture of baked chicken, brown rice, hard-boiled eggs, peas, and carrots, and she went wild. It's not her appetite  she simply dislikes the Wellness Senior. We're switching to another brand tomorrow.
3531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic bags - I never thought I would ever be reviewing poo bags but these really are worth purchasing. You will never use the thin flimsy bags again!

2018	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Item was smaller than I expected
5578	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Besides the Kong, that is! If you have a dog that loves to play fetch, buy this! Everytime it comes out of the closet my dog goes nuts and she can't stop fetching until I make her and put it up high and away! Cannot beat the exercise you give your dog with this, either.
The idea is simple.  You figure out your calorie level.  You then compare your calorie level to a chart that tells you how many of each color container you can have in a day.  For instance I can have 7 green containers (vegetables), five blue (fruit), six orange (protein), five yellow (carbs), one purple (fats), one dark orange (seeds) and seven grays (oils).  By the way, everyone can only have one purple which is fats.  They even have a list of each type of food and what foods are best to eat within that food category.  I don't know if I could stick to this list of foods and hope it is just a recommendation.
2994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-) In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.

Shame on this company for ripping
3947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Much better than regular tennis balls. My dog chews on the balls, so I have learned that the felt comes off quite easily.
100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Soft, light, and breezy. A little difficult to place over comforter as there are no ties but once placed the comforter stays put. It's perfect. I recommend.

1606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	he also loves them
9246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As advertised and arrived on time
If your doggo likes to chase tennis balls, consider also getting a Chuckit! Whistler 2-Pack (Medium). These are heavy, tennis-ball sized rubber balls with holes placed so that they whistle when thrown. The sound seems to add to my dog's enjoyment of chasing after them.
2960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are high quality and very well made.  I purchased 40 of them for a fundraising event and people just loved them.  It comes with a spare squeaker in case the first gets damaged and the little dogs just love to play with them.  We have used other products for this fundraiser before, but this is the most compliments we've ever received.
7546	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves these.
- It's somewhat large, 10 to 12 inches in length. It's about the size of my smallest dog (a small chihuahua).
4135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	perfect
It is so adorable, I will buy another just in case of an...Emergency!!!!
4868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you got a dog that is high energy, loves to fetch, or likes to run after things that are thrown, then look no further.  You can hurl balls a really good distance without even trying.  My GSD juvenile was burnt out at the end of the day.  I hurl it down the street for now to help to keep his toenails from becoming eagle talons, and the ball goes really far even after the balls flight.
2025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got lambchop as one of the first toys for my new puppy. All four dogs like it but eventually it was a chosen one to be destroyed! I kept her until i was tired of the stuffing falling out all over the carpet. That puppy would eat the stuffing if you didn't pick it up quickly. The picture is of a new lamb chop and a 10 week old Tootsie, a blue Sharpei

91	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	always liked by our dogs!
6104	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the ramp -- it folds right out/in with no sharp edges or anything, the surface has a non-slip surface which my 60# dog manages quite well -- just took a little practice with it at a lower angle then up a little higher each time.  He's getting older now and has trouble with his hindquarters, at times he can't seem to pick up the rear legs, so obviously he can't jump into our Mountaineer anymore.  I'm 67, female, and I can pick it up and put in place -- it's about 18# so not bad... I am very happy with it and am glad I didn't go for the cheaper metal one (from another company) that had comments regarding sharp edges. And this one is long enough, at 6 feet in length it can accommodate the height of the liftgate bumper.
-I left mine in one spot, so this was irrelevant for me, but it is fairly heavy (this coming from a small-framed woman).
This is my 3rd one only due to the 4Yr. & 6Yr old grandchildren using them to chop grass & rocks.

2412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mr. Bill holds a piece of my Heart.


8436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nothing better than cat food on the doorstep in winter.

6694	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice not to worry about running out. Just what i needed.

My first LitterMaid's retractable power cord (on the rake) stopped recoiling into the unit, so it eventually got snagged on the rake, and it broke.  That was after more than 3 years of use.  Not bad for a product that runs at least 10-15 times a day (I've got 2 cats).  My second LitterMaid has been going strong since I replaced the last one well over 2 years ago.
3115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two dogs that love to chew, a dachshund and a pit mix. They love their stuffed toys. Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds. These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month. Worth every penny!
3591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the all time best bags I have found.  I have purchased them for years and years and will continue to do so.  Since I have large dogs these are the right size for my use.  I appreciate the double layer design and the grabber "mitt" designed into these bags.  They would be absolutely perfect if they designed ones that were also biodegradable.  That is the only con with this product.
It has lasted us about a month BUT we do not just give it to him. We use it as a training/reward tool. Even then, the little noise makers have been destroyed. I do think if we left it out for him, it would have been destroyed with in a 24 hour span. But, Kongs do not even last in our house.
7051	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I personally can't speak enough on this dry cat food. I have sphynx cats, and those who know care of a sphynx, even they are a hairless breed ... Their skin tends to be high maintenance.. I have used this brand / flavor for many years .. I have healthy cats. I keep this dry kibble down fulltime & feed a raw diet once to each of them daily. Do no hesitate in buying this dry kibble. However in advance in will tell you all of my cats, turn their noses up at the nutro max Canned cat food. I also will tell you Amazon has raised their price, by almost 5 dollars on the 6 lb bag, in less than a week. So it looks like back to. Petsmart I go.
8636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Natural Balance LIT treats are PERFECT for allergic pup. He loves them, and we love the limited ingredients that do not lead to any allergic flare-up/ skin issues (you know what I mean if your dog suffers from allergies).
2495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	seems to be holding up somewhat well after a month with the German Shepard puppy.  and who doesnt love the humor in it??
 This is Human Grade Food for dogs.  He gets one 6 ounce can a day and munches on core dry all day. I also cut out all processed dog treats. We stick with fresh food treats such as: apple, sweet potato, egg, and some cheese once in awhile. Frozen string beans in an ice cube tray are also great!
6594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	absorbs great for a rabbit litter but doesnt do very much for odor control. great size for the price tho either way
5419	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have nothing but great things to say about Chuckit in general.  It works great for throwing balls, and using the launcher means I don't have to touch that disgusting ball.  Of all of the Chuckits I prefer this size.  With the larger Chuckits it seems like I can throw the ball a mile, at which point my dog looks at me and says, "you go get it."  I can better control the distance I throw with this size, and, of course, with the smaller size it stores much more easily.
1396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product--pricing needs to come down
6822	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Why has the price increased for senior wellness can food? I bought it for 26.00 a case and now it's 42.00.
After 3 days.........no fleas. None. Zip. Nadda.
6679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves it expecially when I mix it with blue buffalo dry food for small breeds.
894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for filleting large fish.  That is what we bought it for.

5795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes pretty spiral curls and beach wave hairstyles super easy. I've had my Ribbon curler for a while and it still looks brand new. The quality is good, heats up fast, and makes curls that last all day long. LOVE IT!!
9889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this toy has held up to my crazy chewing lab who normally destroys chew toys in a matter of minutes. We still have this after several months and she still enjoys it.

1109	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It did not fit the receptacle as indicated it would.  Litter went everywhere.
5901	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two Great Danes that love to rough and tumble play, therefore, a supplement like this is important.  These dogs also age quickly.  They seem to enjoy these biscuits.  I use them to lure them into their crates and they look forward to getting them.  They were priced slightly lower than the local pet store too!
2949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is advertised as being indestructible.  My significant other says,  "Time will tell."  But I say,  after watching my five-pound Xoloitzcuintle (Mexican hairless)
Pros:  provides coverage, privacy to the animals and offers some degree of odor control.  Does not retain odor.
5482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wow, this thing can hurl the tennis ball and the other chuckit products far!  Dogs love it, I love it bc no more slimy tennis balls or bending over to pick them up.
3859	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog split them in half in just a matter of minutes while playing fetch. She was not allowed to lay and chew on them yet was able to bite them in half running back to me with them.
207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Clicker training will supercharge the training of your dog (and other animals) and strengthen the communication between you.
1156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these work great for my electric litter box
5945	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	returned it, as it didn't fit my needs.

299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have only used this on my pup three times thus far but wow what a difference it makes when it comes to keeping my pup focused on training. It repels most people (and their kids!)  from approaching or making any sort of contact with my dog and this helps reduce distractions for him. This vest seems to train others (including myself) besides my dog in regards to keeping space between their dogmas my dog that are unknown to each other.
5103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best dog toy ever for a dog who LOVES to chase balls! Heavy duty and works great. Takes a bit to get used to for throwing balls but once you have the knack... its the best! It can launch balls like nothing else!
7060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it. When he's not playing, he sleeps on it.
3204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have a really shy and fearful dog in the shelter where I volunteer and these help him relax so that we can work with him.
4189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite ball and Great price for four compared to pet stores!  These are durable for chewers!
8006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always raised my pets on Hills Science Diet
8903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product fast service
Love having it shipped to my doorstep.
1799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves his Lambchops!
2406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The story is so soft and my dog loves little lamb chop
4024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these
So basically, it's your choice. If you're a fan of Fran Drescher and grammar school concerts, go for it. Otherwise, invest your $100 in something else.
742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is heavy duty.. it worked great on cloth seats.. on leather it is very slippery,I have to put some fabric under it to keep it from slipping. I don't use the part that connects to the front head rests. Doing so may alleviate the slipperiness. There are velcroed slots that can be used to pull a seatbelt through. All in all it is good quality and does the job.
1220	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is a hoot. Granted, with 3 large cats the rake sometimes becomes clogged and needs a little help, but watching all 3 cats run to watch it work, look under the raising panel, swat at the rake is hysterically funny. Just make sure you use the recommended litter. I found the corn product made my house smell like corn and the cats would not use it. The arm and hammer baking soda super scoop is better, and I use less of it than I did with the cheaper brands in catboxes. The cats appreciate the ability to always step into a clean box. A plastic 99-cent paint scraper scrapes the bottom and sides clean with no damage to the box. I have recommended this to all my friends, and will probably start to make it a gift this year.
-no more handling a slobber ball
5642	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy really lauches the ball with little effort- so if you have a small backyard, it may not be right for you unless you can control the throw. Awesome for dog parks and large backyards. The best aspect- I don't have to touch the soggy ball.

6037	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a well made and easy to use ramp for large dogs.  It folds in two and has a spring retainer to keep it together.  the ramp is coated with rubber that gives my dog a lot of traction when ascending it into my SUV. I would highly recommend for large dogs.
834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice, bound AT A GLANCE calendar.  Unlike the more traditional brand calendars, this is far thinner and doesn't use the wire bound binding.  Thus, this is a softbound version, and is much thinner.
chicken from most of his patients diets, he's actually lost revenue because so
5084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy replaced my dog's FORMER favorite toy!
1702	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	not for pups that want to eat every ear or tongue, but it's so sweet!
814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this Gund Peacock! It's beautiful and very well-made. I ordered more than one, but the others arrived with spots of blue dye on the beak, so I sent them back and alerted the Seller(s). Examine yours very carefully for this defect when it arrives.
5399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am not able to throw a ball very far and this product is wonderful.  It is surprisingly sturdy and I am very please with it.  Well worth the money.
8170	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A+
8372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for the first time recently based on the reviews and they're great! My pup absolutely loves them, and it's a good amount of treats for the money. I also like that it doesn't have a bunch of fillers like some of the cheap brands of treats.  Those kind make her have diarrhea later, these don't.  We bought the venison and sweet potato, can't wait to try more flavors!
2865	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My 10-lb dogs shredded this in minutes.
You can do the same thing with tweezers with a little extra effort and attention.
3936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves them!

2224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Adorable, but very easily damaged
3142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 20-lb 10-year old mutt's back legs ached whenever the weather got cold. He whined in pain, and could barely use his back legs in the winter. I got this for him and initially gave him half a pill in the morning and the other half in the evening. The pill crumbles when I cut it, but while it was very bothersome to do this, he puked whenever I gave him a whole pill, so I had to do it.
3628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best doggie bags ever.
2516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I ran across Lamb Chop in the grocery, and over three weeks or so my dog has loved it to death! It is now inside-out with all suffing removed. We found the inside tummy squeaky to be covered by a cloth envelope and sewn to the inside body - definitely a plus for destructive pups! Now I have to order more, and of course my golden retriever has as much fun tearing up the postage box as he does the toy!  Each of the red feet also have a squeaky inside, and so far they are still intact.
7591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy several of the Wellness formulations for my dogs and the chicken formulation for my cats.  All of it is high quality food, palatable, and healthful.  My dogs and cats love it.  The fish and sweet potato is just another one of their good recipes that I trust and feed.
7838	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog simply ate these.
8099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The kitties still like it so I will keep buying it.
8405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Lab/McNab cross who is a heavy chewer and needs a lot of stimulation to keep from getting bored.  Nylabone is an excellent product and this toy in particular keeps her occupied for hours because she loves the shapes and edges to chew on as well as the little nubs.  I know she wants to gnaw them off and works on it long and hard but the material is very durable and while she eventually is able to scrape a little off it takes a long time.  She isn't able to get chunks off that could cause problems if she swallowed them.  Highly recommended.
7160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Feed this to stray kitties.  It is the only flavor on their plate that allows me to get close to them.
I've lost count of how many I've purchased from Amazon but have found it is the least expensive place to buy it, especially if you are a PRIME member and don't have to purchase $25 of merchandise to get free shipping.
1181	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We had a Litter Maid cat box several years ago and we loved it.  They have "improved" their product and ruined it in my opinion.  The rake gets clogged and litter sticks all over the place and in the tracks no matter what level of litter you use. We tried every type of litter available, including the ridiculously expensive litter that Litter Maid sells.  We spent more time cleaning this worthless litter box than we would have in scooping out regular litter.  We contacted the manufacturer, but they won't stand behind their product and we could not return it to the store because we did not have the original box, although we did have the receipt.  After a couple of months we threw it out in the garbage.  I won't waste my money on any other product Liter Maid sells.  Save yourself this frustration and find another brand.  I would not have given this item even one star, but one star is the lowest rating.
9836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very nice product.  Cats love it!  It was packaged well and came promptly.  Thank you.
Secondly, the protein is high. REALLY high. Most "high protein" dog foods are in the 26% crude protein range; this one is 32%. The fat is a little higher than most too... most are about 14% and this is 18%.  So I do feel like this is much better in terms of a more natural canine diet.
5343	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this with the Kong squeaky tennis balls, although it seems to work with just about any of the balls my dog brings me at the park.  I have a bad shoulder, so I was hoping this would allow me to throw the ball without pain.  No luck there, but what it DOES allow me to do is to throw the ball a lot farther, and to pick it up off the ground more easily.  I've gone from being only barely able to play with my dog to being the 'fun mommy' at the dog park.  It's really improved my relationship with my dog, and I'm very grateful for that.  It's also pretty durable: I've dropped it several times and even dropped things onto it, and it still works perfectly.  Definitely worth the price.
9897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs loves them.
147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Friends:
7490	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog (who is not an aggressive chewer, she has no problem with plush toys) chewed off the head within hours.  She was laying on my chest, chewing on this thing, completely supervised, and managed to get the head off swiftly before I could notice.  She swallowed it.  Luckily it passed but I will never again take another risk with Nylabone.
I would have felt better about it had I been informed correctly by the Wellness people.
4617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throw easily twice as far, is better by far than I expected.
7175	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too many dented cans
I get two cases a month on subscribe and save.  The majority of the cans are ALWAYS dented - even the ones in the middle of the case.  I can only assume the dents are the reason amazon is able to sell them for so much less than the pet store. I'll take the dents for the savings any day!
463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well on my German Shepherd dog, lasts 8 months.
7143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great kitten food, Cant keep the adults cats away, They think its a large bag of treats. Kitten is loving it too and growing up big. Price is great too.

6732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Is an excellent dog food with no additives it keeps my three doggies very healthy
My dog is is a lab mix and is soft mouthed. All play with the ball was supervised.
491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So far so good. Almost a month on my dog and I still see a flea or two a day. Has helped tremendously though.
3259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Rope + tennis ball = Absolutely the most fun EVER to destroy.
5022	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's okay... But I find it's hard to find solace large enough to truly utilize it and. It's not quite as ray to pick up the tennis balls as I though... But in the right situation and for the right dog this thing will really let the balls FLY!
7932	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Happy customer

4937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Chuckits are classic dog toys. The plastic is tough so the throwers last. The tennis balls they make DO NOT last, so I always recommend their rubber balls to be used with the throwers because those are fairly indestructible.
2945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little dog likes these toys and I like the fact they have no stuffing.  They provide an extra squeaker but she will quickly kill both the squeakers and then just drag the little bear around with her.  This is her second one of this same toy because she liked the first one so well that it eventually just started to fall apart.  It did last for quite a while though as she normally can destroy a toy in a day.  She just kept looking for the stuff on this one which was funny because there is none.
5275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you're like me you have a bum shoulder from years of baseball.  After taking some time to adjust to throwing with the ChuckIt, I am now able to throw balls three times further than without.  I accidentally left it somewhere for a few days and my ball throwing went from herculean to meager, and my shoulder ached constantly.  Money well spent.  This launcher works with standard tennis balls.
2344	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Unfortunately only lasted 3 days with my pit bull before he decided to tear Mr. Bill up and rip out his voice box with absolutely no effort.
9868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is very happy with this food. I've been feeding it to her for a few years now. She likes most of the formulas too so I can give her a little variety.
At this point the bone went in the garbage.  Between others bad experiences and what appeared like could have been a bad experience for us, it was time to take it away and move on to another toy.  One that didn't have the potential to crack teeth or ingest sharp pieces of plastic.  I'd recommend to stay away from this one.
4206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	wow, so easy to throw the balls. and my dog will chase all day as long as you keep throwing it!
Here's hoping my dog doesn't tire of these biscuits :)

4322	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Make sure you look at the size of this launcher before ordering. Based on photo I assumed it was for large dogs. It wasn't! Too small for our lab :(
1275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had no trouble getting my dog to take these.  We will see how she acts now that she is on them.  She has had a few seizures lately, and that is why I ordered these.  I heard they were good for seizures.
8184	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I would buy it if it did not contain carrageenan.
Ive found that if you can get the pack of 24 for $10, its cheaper than costco, petco, and petsmart.
8523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The pups love this dino-themed Nylabone, and we love it because it is much sturdier than the bone-shaped originals! Will be buying more soon.
This charger is really valuable for the way we use technology today. Since the average person owns at least 2 devices that are in constant use, battery drainage is a huge concern. Along with that is the cost efficiency of having emergency chargers for all these electronics. That's compounded when you add family and friends into the equation.
7759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs will occasionally chew on this!
7309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really cute. We got the t rex looking one. A fun new  shape, pup likes to chew it

2207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs FAVORITE toy. Just wish the noise box was a little sturdier.
"six more words required, blah, blah"
6394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Same product I have purchased in the Pet store. Arrived in expected condition, just as if I had gotten it off the shelf at the pet food store myself.

5288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Showed up fast and dog loves it. Saves my arm as the lab can go all day chasing the ball.
3024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for walking my large dog (Bouvier)
7414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as described., Great product
1890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Okay, it's a little annoying to hear "Oh, Noooooo!" all day, but our little ones love this toy!

9010	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far I have never seen a tick or flea even at the 8 month point.
4815	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Bought it bc it was smaller and more compact / easier to carry around in the park, etc.  However,  is more difficult to throw/launch the ball from it than the regular sized chuckit.  In the end,  I barely use it and instead use the longer handled chuckit.
3944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time. My dog loves these balls

-it's easier to notice when the toy is being destroyed- then you just rewrap in another sock!
6627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Food that is so easy to feed in container and amount is perfect.
4684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A house favorite.

1444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty's favorite treats
 WHEN THE PRICE GOES BACK DOWN (AND IT WILL)... I WILL ORDER AGAIN...
2597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My rescue dog absolutely loves this toy. She will carry it around the house, and generally uses it as a pillow when sleeping. By far her favorite toy out of the multiple toys we've given her. :)
I think it's possibly also a great product for older dog owners. No need to bend over to pick up the tennis ball. You can pick up the tennis ball off the ground with the Chuck It without having to hunch over. If you have back problems, this product may change your fetching experience.
1481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are better painted and a bit larger than I was expecting, which works greatly in their favor! I can't wait to use these in my vacation photos in Hawaii!! =D
527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Macaw  blue & gold loved it. But it only lasted one week. Better to buy toys with more wood . Thick wood . She loved the cardboard part of it though .
1066	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Missing parts. Unusable. Not worth the money due to having high enough sides of the litter box.
1245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought a box from Amazon back in maybe Feb 2004, i loved it it works great! so i bought a second one, but it has a problem with the rake popping off into the box. i wrote amazon a quick email to complain about my product over 2 months after i bought it and 3 days later before i'd even checked my email i had a replacement sitting at my apartment. they even have a prepaid postage return label so all in all it makes the lowest hassel return i've ever had! i searched around alot and this place has the best prices too! I was entirely pleased with the service.
1882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Poor Lambchop is missing some limbs, but the puppy still loves it.
5783	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift & opened it to be sure it wasn't broken. The box is VERY cute and can be used for "something else" later. (It has a ribbon on the side of the box too.) The cup and saucer are VERY cute. I am very pleased. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one.
Its nice and thick
this is dangerous because this is how all the pet food recalls happened a few years ago by out sourcing manufacturing
1448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My chi just loves these. She prefers that I break them up into smaller pieces as she can't quite manage to eat them whole. Great treats and she is very picky. Very.
Looking at the labeling on three random flavors (Salmon, Savory Duck, Turkey & Chicken Liver), the ingredients common to all (and presumably the other varieties) are: chicken, potato starch, wheat gluten, pork plasma, natural flavors, salt, guar gum, sodium phosphate, calcium carbonate, potassium chloride, DL-methionine, taurine xanthine gum, ferrous sulfate, vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc oxide, thiamine mononitrate (vitamin B1), copper proteinate, manganous sulfate, niacin, d-calcium pantothenate, vitamin A supplement, vitamin D3 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, potassium iodide, vitamin B12 supplement, sodium selenite, folic acid, and biotin. I should try one on a cracker. (Of course, each individual flavor also contains the ingredient that defines it, like duck in the "savory duck.")
7212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since switching to this, my cat only has a hairball every 3 months... He loves it!
I wish Amaon sold these in the larger cans. I have found a local pet store which does, so I alternate between Wellness and the excellent but pricey Addiction brand from New Zealand but made here in Washington state.
2570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for a friend because her pup loves these things and he needed backups.  My friend told me that I got all three for *LESS* than what she paid at the local (big name) pet supply store.  Can't go wrong on this if your pup loves the Lambchop.
750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a bit large for my purposes - but otherwise it's great.
4332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A
828	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is just what I need to get reorganized. I used to have a smaller, but thicker At A Glance Weekly Planner years ago and was much more organized, but since the digital calenders came on, I just have not done well with them (not to mention that my iCal decides to erase my events completely)! I love how slim the planner is, but has lots of pages for contacts, notes, etc.
9903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat freaking loves this stuff.

Tips:
2563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Where do I begin?  Let's say the materials used on this toy are 100% perfect. My Boston Terrier tries to rip this guy apart but to no avail.

6979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price

967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my 5-year old grandson.  He has carried it with him for weeks.  It's very soft.
There were only two poor ingredients that I found:
9416	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat really likes this stuff.

About once a month, I DustBuster the mechanical parts and use a bathroom wipe as needed. I change the underpad if needed. I have always used disposable, blue plastic-lined bedpads under litter boxes so any accidents are easy to take care of. You can get them in the Depends aisle at the drug store -- or search for "underpads" here at Amazon. Accidents are few with the LitterMaid as the sides are very high. My largest cat is a neutered male that weighs 16 pounds.
The large perfectly fits anything small lab, border collie, heeler or pitbull sized. If your dog is anything around that size make sure to get the large!
Don't know if this alone is responsible, or a combination of the two, but I would definitely recommend trying it.

9287	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I received the long neck dinosaur. The large/giant one. My 6 month old, 30lb Shepard mix likes it. It's too big for her, but I like that because she can't demolish it too quickly. It's good for when her nipping/chewing gets aggressive because she can really go to town on it.

9418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats love to play with it.
1022	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had my aging cat on this for years. She had arthritis in her legs and I KNOW it worked because once, I ran out and she stiffened up immediately. As soon as I put her back on the product she was fine. They say this product is for dogs only but it is fine for cats too, they only had to make this labeling distinction recently, I don't remember why. Make sure you dont' give them a dog-size dosage though! just a little sprinkle a day.
3475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works
8318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	CATS LOVE THESE - WILL BE BACK FOR MORE WHEN WE RUN OUT.  THANKS!!!!

Can throw a tennis ball nearly 250 feet I believe.
5933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought one then turned around and bought another one.  my cats get it!  and I don't worry now!
3338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cats are feeling better.
3372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I remember the days of flea collars and how ineffective they were. This product is like a miracle. My current cat doesn't have fleas but my last cats did, and this worked great. Definitely worth the higher price.
9334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best
8270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved this treat and he pretty much chewed it up in a couple of days.


lot on hand. I have a very old cat who pees everywhere and has an over
First day using it we got some freezing rain,  The cover absorbed all my wet and soggy pooch could give it and more.
9619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	loves this
929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my labs favorite treat. She is a stronger chewer, but these last surprisingly for a long time.

8658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this stuff.
8269	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This turbo is really cute! Though my kitten still didn't know that the middle part is for scratching, he certainly enjoy playing around the ball!
4354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this!
4892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice and handy size when I take the dog for a walk.
3421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Product delivered quickly, and for a fantastic price. I've used Advantage in the past and highly recommend the product. Our inside cat gets to go outside every now and then, and in Florida, we have no 'down season' for fleas, they're rampant pretty much all year round, but we never see any on the cat. When we moved into our current place it had a flea infestation in the garage due to previous tenants, but my cat didn't get ANY, even though it took us several weeks to kill them all. The stuff works. Buy it.
5969	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The motor on this product stopped having enough power to rotate the cover in one week, even when a brand new battery was placed in the unit.

We thought that perhaps his dog food might be another culprit.  I was drawn to the fact that this was a grain free dog food and figured "what the heck."  He seems to like it just fine and although he still itches, I can report that it's not as bad as it used to be...he no longer itches to the point of breaking skin.  Whether this is directly attributable to the dog food or not, I can't say with 100% certainty, but I won't be returning to the regular dog food anytime soon as long as this keeps up.

Overall great product.
9257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good buy on subscribe and save, always arrives as expected
376	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I travel with my horses and dog.  We go into tick and flea territory.  I can honestly say since using this collar the last two years my dog has remained flea and tick free
4418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great deal and easy to use, you can also use wiffle balls!
THIS is a Good Thing!!  :-)

2196	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we all loved it  .
6928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wish I could get the 16oz bag each time! I have 6 cats
6838	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness is a dog food product recommended by my vet, but the "in store" prices have gone up exponentially. Online prices have been good, but if they go up as high, will be switching to another brand.
8095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	One of my cat likes to sit on it, and the other likes to scratch. They are not into playing with the ball so much. Nevertheless, they seem to enjoy the product.
Since then, she has not missed.
9221	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The hole to insert the treats is the same width the whole though.  I have no idea what to put in here that would actually be a challenge.
952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I traveled with my 16 lb Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.  She fit very well under the seat in front of me.  She was asleep before we left the gate, and remained comfortable throughout the flight.  The case is very easy to carry on shoulder or with handles looped over rolling bag (travel partner's carry-on).  Very sturdy construction, I expect it to last for many happy trips!
3474	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this product before but not through Amazon. They are perfect size for a lab and are bio-degradable. I highly recommend them.
6762	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Every can came dented. I love wellness and did buy a lot of their food for my dog but it seems that she is allergic to something they use.
8744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	another favorite for the toothless ShihTzu (puppy mill rescue with rotting teeth).  we'll hear the dinosaur drop from her cushion and hear her scoot it across the floor.  I've stepped on the dinosaur many a mornings too.  it's one of her favorites and helps her gums
2781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Well made, but they aren't kidding, ITS EXTRA SMALL!!!!!!!
5838	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves the flavor!
The size of the litter usually varies from bag to bag, sometimes they're large and sometimes they're split in half. I'm sure it just comes down to how the box was handled. Smell is greatly reduced and litter is easy to handle.
6103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Years ago when dog ramps first came out they were fairly steep and my 100# Labrador had much difficulty going up it.  Fast forward 10 plus years......now there are a ton of options out there!  We have two Labradors....one is 80# and the English Labrador is 90#.  Within minutes they were using the ramp without any hesitation or issues.  We have a Dodge Durango, and the incline is at a perfect grade for them to feel safe going up and down.  The ramp is light weight and stores easily in the car as well.  We are THRILLED that we picked this particular ramp over the other ones listed.  BUY IT NOW!!
3221	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on schedule.  Item as described
4143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit  can't get enough of these. Keeps our busy Lab running. We did not get the orange and blue as pictured, but they are the right size and our dog doesn't care about the color as long as we keep them coming.
Cons:
8866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Decent price.
2113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh my gosh I don't know what it is about this little Lambchop but our 7 month old Cavalier King Charles Spaniel absolutely loves this more than any of his toys.  He is now on Lambchop number 3 because he plays with it non stop ripping it apart as much as he can, trying to bite the ears off. It's so funny!  He gets an ear in his mouth and then shakes it fiercely like he's showing Lambchop he's the boss.  This is the only stuffed animal that he does that to.  I'm thinking about ordering a couple of them to have for back ups because he was so upset when we had to take the last one away from him because he had the stuffing coming out.
6527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My new puppy loves this food. We switched from a different type and she had no issues.
messy and creats more work.  I wish I didn't get it.  I'm
7000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year old chihuahua loves this food! i feel good knowing its a quality food she is eating! i ordered these lids
9162	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I honestly don't know how to review this product yet.  I've been searching for high-quality canned cat (and dog) food for a while now and thought the Wellness pet foods used excellent sources of protein, superior and appropriate fruits and veggies and no grains or fillers.  The fulfillment of these criteria alone rates the product 5 stars.
2786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tough, sturdy, and well made.  I'm hoping that these come down in price so that I can but more as they get worn out.
8527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3 month old pug Stella just loves this food!

6579	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats go berserk for this thing. One of them couldn't care less about it, but two of them play with it in their own bizarre, unique ways. The key is liberally dousing the scratchy part with lots of catnip.
9470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The vet asked what kind of food we are feeding him because he has such a beautiful coat she said to keep doing what we're doing

The condition of the surrounding and pets all need to be considered before choosing the right product that suits your needs. I have a cat and dog. My dog is a flea magnet and the only product that works for him is Revolution and I love the fact that it's a heart worm prevention med also. However I put the cat on Program since she is an indoor cat and I feel more comfortable using this on her because my dog licks my cat but not vice versa. I use the Greenie pill pockets to wrap the tablet and has no problem at all enticing her to eat it. So far this combination works perfect for me. Every animal is different. It takes a little trial and error to find the best product for that animal specifically.
3122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice small toy to carry around so your puppy can chew on it instead of your fingers. Our boxer pup loves this toy . . . don't know how well it will hold up when he is older, but it is perfect now.
My cats are also happy. While I still have an appreciation for Frontline, I am happy to have Advantage as a viable alternative.
3505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These beat all other poop pick-up bags by a mile!  Sturdy, easy to open unlike those roll-up style and extra protection for the pick-up.

4239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this! Easy to use! Can use other balls in replace of the chuckit balls too.
4552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it! Way cheaper than Target. YAY!
4734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Once I figured out the right way to use it it works really well. Would be great in a large field since it can go really far.
3156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product that helps our dogs greatly.  We do dog rescue of elderly dogs and other sick or injured dogs.  This medication/supplement helps tremendously with them walking down stairs to go outside.
We don't often have Canaps at our Horse ranch in the remote Sangre de Cristo mountain range of Colorado but we do eat big meals so I mostly used these for individual butter dishes.
51	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I read the book, and after watching the program, I have a much better understanding of the techniques Cesar uses to bring dogs under control. It gets a bit repetitive but the repetition does bring home the lessons. My dogs and I are better for it; much more cooperation between us. The extras were a waste of time, quite frankly, and could be left out. All in all,worth the time.
6886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loved this food.  It appeared to me that he was struggling with another brand of kitten food that was shaped like tiny round balls.  When I gave him Nutro Max Cat Kitten dry food, he dug in and crunched every bite which he clearly thought was "heavenly."  He was having a hard time "getting a bite" out of the tiny balls, sometimes swallowing them whole, but the pieces of Max Cat are larger and irregular shaped--just right for Charlie.
Recently it stopped working.  The light was on but without warning, it wouldn't become active, it just sat there.
Recommended.
4716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for those who don't have a strong pitching arm.  As advertised, it about triples the distance the ball travels without any extra effort or wear on your arm.  The tennis style ball that comes with it will be promptly popped by strong chewers.  That said,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ChuckIt-Medium-Ultra-Balls-2-5-Inch-2-Pack/dp/B000F4AVPA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ChuckIt! Medium Ultra Balls 2.5-Inch, 2-Pack</a>&nbsp;fit perfectly and are much hardier.  The combination can't be beat.
7542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good for my puppy that chews.
4479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it.  Bought one for niece and her new puppy as well.  Way cheaper here then in local stores.
7450	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cats eat this stuff very sporadically. I throw more away than they eat. Will not reorder.
9600	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Rudie loves this product.
9458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	thanks.
5709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I needed to replace the one I left behind in a divorce.  Delighted to find it in RED!  Ought to come with the gold plated filter basket.
Those lines in the litterbox aren't kidding - don't fill the box over the red line, or the motor will jam.
I contacted the Ebay Seller who said it was still under warranty. I had to pay shipping to and from the Seller though which was not cheap. The 2nd supercharged Littermaid started doing the same thing after less than 6 months and the Seller says this one is not under warranty. Apparently, the warranty does not extend to the replacement that they sent me which I think is a rip-off considering how expensive these things are.
2704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This toy is very cute, but we aware it is VERY VERY tiny! My little puppy loves it anyway!

5256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Man this thing is great, really launches it without very much effort, built sturdy and most importantly my dog absolutely loves it, all I gotta do is say "Chuck it" and he bounces up of the floor and knows its time to play.
5511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had several regular sized Chuckit that I like, but as my lab grew up ...  I worried more and more about the size of the ball and the larger size of his mouth...and he loves to jump up and catch a ball in the air.  THIS MEGA Ball size is perfect for my dog...it's definitely too large to slip down his throat by mistake when he is super excited playing ball.  However, it's not too large of a ball either....he can still catch it in mid air.
2462	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Lasted less than 24 hours before there was a hole in it and the stuffing was pulled out - and this is from our 40 lb Vizsla who is not usually particularly interested in destroying his toys.
7743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat practically inhales this food and then asks for more. Its easily her favorite canned food, but I tend not to give it to her often because she seems to be hungry an hour after eating it. I think it might be because it has a couple percents less protein compared to the other canned food I give her.
2567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our two Schnauzers love this toy. As with most toys, if they last six months, I'm happy.  It's been about six months and Mr. Bill is going strong.  Our Schnauzers are pretty smart.  They know their toys names and will retrieved them when called.  This one is called "Oh No!", what Mr Bill calls out.  As soon as we say OH NO! they are searching for Mr Bill.
8750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty is eating it, therefore, I'm loving it!
2277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice dog toy my Puggle loves it and it's a good  size that he won't tear it up to quickly ! Plus he loves the  squeezes there in the paws and the head and belly !
5312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This little device has saved a lot of strain on my arm and shoulder! My little retriever mix takes her name to heart and will retrieve a ball until she can't take another step. It's much easier for me to play with her using the Chuckit! Launcher. And I don't have to pick up a soggy ball with my bare hand.
9075	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	smells good, tastes good, and science diet verifies its ingredients are not poisonous from China
8606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love prime pantry boxes...don't have time to shop and don't even like going out to do it anymore...have a home business that keeps me working to much...I shop for 5 to so it is a job in itself...PRIME Pantry is a more than fair price...just plan them right & it is wonderful...
6358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the dogs are eating the dog food. It is something they eat when other dog foods were left in their bowls.
1896	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Granted my dog loved this toy, he also destroyed it within minutes. I rather spend twice the price on a toy that would last longer than 5 minutes. Also, there's a lot of stuffing so it becomes a huge mess once your dog rips it apart. Not fan and will not buy again.
6120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, wide, big, long--perfect for my 80lb. dog --> Subaru Forrester.  I wanted something that I could stand and walk on to show our dog that it could be trusted -- and sure enough, it is. Our dog isn' too old to require this, but I wanted to start using it as trying to teach some dogs to use ramps can be difficult (and the last thing I wanted to do was to teach him how to use it when he was injured). He isn't injured, but it took about 4 weeks to truly get him comfortable with using it. FYI, I always stand on it myself to make sure it's not wobbly or so the middle doesn't slightly buckle upwards (make sure the top part of the steps is FLAT as possible on the rim of the car/fender). It's a bit heavy, but it truly is solid and constructed well. Also, as others may have written, closing this must be done carefully. Not sure if they changed the design since when I got it (about a year ago?) but you could lose a finger or two when closing this thing.
7042	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price and my puppy loves it.  Fast shipping, too.
415	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No fleas. Maybe it works. Always did for my cats. Dog scratches less too.

135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am satisfied with my purchase and am glad that I went through here.  Thank you!
OLDER MODELS REPORTEDLY WORK SEVERAL YEARS
1581	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog didn't like them very much.
2042	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Makes a lot of noise.

9231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my boxer loves it
3111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these toys!  It's nice being able to wash and dry them - so they stay clean and stink-free. My dogs really enjoyed the squeakers and you get extras. However(!), they are a total waste if you have a dog who chews.
875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Most dog food is a lot of marketing and hype with all of the typical formulas you see elsewhere but with higher prices.  This one actually IS better quality and I felt like it's well thought out as well.
8333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Better value than our local stores and delivered to the door.
2041	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it! So cute and the price is much better than other places I have seen the same toy
Even though the Scoop Away litter costs more than a store brand, it last longer with the LitterMaid. Because the waste is scooped automatically 10 minutes after the cat uses the box, the litter stays cleaner. Even with 5 cats, we use 7 pound bucket of litter every 2 months or so.
9004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This litter box is large with high sides.  Will definitely keep the litter in the box better than my old small one, and the price is amazing.  The blue is different than the picture though, but doesn't bother me (see picture).


7387	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Ordered this twice, food came in dented cans though boxes were intact so it seemed to me they send out bad cans knowingly! Also my food was very separated, it seemed to make one of my dogs vomit! It's crumbly and oily on top and I cannot recommend this! The chicken ( 98%) is very good consistency but again I get dented cans! I've finally decided to get my food from the vet! This dented can stuff is a scam for these prices! They should offer dented at a cheaper price or " perfect" for now I'm done unless I read reviews where they've stopped sending damaged cans!
5326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the product but I think it would work better with a slightly longer handle. It works but there is a learning curve on where to stop the snaping of the arm and wrist.
3657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	delivered quickly and works well !
8455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The color I got was pink-Purple-ish ....  wish it was blue because I have a male cat but doesnt matter because he finds it fun and its interesting to watch and play  LoL  good exercise for your feline cat .
1296	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For what it's intended to do, this machine is a terrific value for the price. It DOES require attention on a daily basis, don't let the idea of a self-cleaning box carry you away. I was a little aggravated by having to monitor it at first, then I realized one of my cats who refuses to use a litter box (she does her business in the courtyard of my house instead) now insists on using this litterbox. LitterMaid could have found no better way to impress me than that! One improvement I could suggest would be an adjustable (or just longer) timer. This one waits ten minutes, then scoops. That's fine for solid waste but not quite long enough for urine clumps so it tends to stick to the tines and often gets dragged back into the box. However, next raking disposes of that ball nicely. It is fairly odor free except for the cats kicking up litter dust as they scratch around the box. Bottom line is, I would buy it again.
4824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for taking on a hike. Works great!
This very much looks like a quality dog food in its texture, from the ingredients listed, and the fact that it's not bone dry like some of the cheaper dry foods. It reminds me of some of the premium brands in its color, texture, and....this is a bit gross, but the compactness & darker color of what came out of the dogs after they started eating it...!
4553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This + Chuckit! Whistler balls = endless fun for the puppers.  She's always unimpressed with my whimpy human-like ability to throw tennis balls, but she is satisfied by the Chuckit's ability to launch them into outer space for her to retrieve--and I, of course, am satisfied by how exhausted she becomes after bounding into outer space after these balls.
6531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very picky dog loves this, but the seafood/fish one smells HORRIBLE! Just a heads up if you don't enjoy fishy breath!
8401	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	One of my dog's gums bled while chewing this sharp item. Another dog enjoyed it and it kept her occupied, butI am concerned about the pieces they chew off. They likely swallow those pieces and how safe is that? There are better, safer things to chew and clean teeth. Look up the CET chews. Marrow bones in the butcher case are better and offer nutrients as well. I would not buy any Nylabone chews ever again. Don't be swayed by the low price. You get what you pay for.
1605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  I keep it in my purchase and use it after every manicure and I rarely get hangnails.  If I don't use it after a manicure, I always get hangnails.  Not sure if that's because of the product, but I would have to think it is.
First, the tines would get clumped full of stuff and it would get caked solid rather quickly. I'll note that we didn't even try having this be the "only" litter box in our home! We had two others there too. We just wanted to see how well this worked. The storage container would get jammed in the open position, so that it did not do a good job of managing stench.
Would highly recommend!
9551	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love theae, and they are limited ingredient treats which make them healthier. These are my new biscuits for my four legged children, and they couldn't be happier.
8729	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this for my indoor cats thinking that Hill's was quality food. Both indoor cats threw it up so rather than return it I decided to put it our for the ferals. I feed them daily a cheap food I get from Sams. I just went out front to add some chicken to the pan and more throw up!!!! I'm pulling the food and trashing it. Something is wrong with this food. It might be tainted!!
2260	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Cute fluffy toy.  Fqueaker not inserted deeply into stuffing.  I have it out as a decoration.  Now I'm buying dog toys without squeakers as most squeakers lie against the fabric.  Easy access for a dog
9087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Three reasons why you should buy Friskies from Amazon:
7507	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The cans arrived packed tightly, covered with plastic wrap. The can were dented or caved in.  I have noticed this before with just small dents, this time the cans which were caved in seemed dangerous to use. The company should address this problem. I won't  be buying from them again.
The T-Rex is about 6" by 5" the Long neck is about 3.5" by 7 inches and the Stegosaurus is about 6.5" by 4" they all seem to last about the same amount of time.
2523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs both love the sock monkey.  They play with it all the time.  I all ready had to sew the arm back on so it really is not that sturdy.  My dogs are hard on all the toys they have so I am not surprised.
8207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good nutrition & the new pup likes it!
3009	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great leash when bringing home a new puppy.  The only draw back is the tag is located near the clasp to connect the leash to the dog.  My puppy is a chewer, so she goes right for the tag because it draws her attention by brushing against her fur.  Great lead for when you need both hands free!
131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	VERY NICE AND FAST SHIPPING! VERY HAPPY!!!
2058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great plush, also good for cats, my gf cat plays with it more than my dog stella
8812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	More of what my 4 dogs will eat...:)
6169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Right after purchasing this tick remover we went camping and I got three ticks.  This removed the ticks so easy and painlessly that the other family that was with us ordered it for themselves.  Great product and I highly recommend if to anyone who spends a lot of time outdoors
3483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No one wants to feel the poop we pick up. Get these. They are plastic and reinforced where the hand grabs  the poop. Brilliant idea! I've reordered.
1771	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves the toy. Wish it were better made , I have to sew it up quite often
But this brand doesn't burn her eyes and she enjoys them a lot.
8969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it, what can I say?
2736	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I probably should have paid more attention to the size but it is TINY!! My dog is only 8lbs but it is so small I am not comfortable with her having it.
7876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these and I love the price
2281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought a small Lambchop for my puppy (from a retail store). It's her favorite plush toy and she has not destroyed it yet.
8778	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	dog doesn't chew on it....but she chews on most everything else.
9073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what you expect it to be. And exactly what your cat needs. A classic universal cat toy bringing joy to felines everywhere.
2552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two-year-old Doberman never tires of Mr. Bill. He constantly carries the doll around and pacifies on its head when he is settling down for a nap. The doll machine washes nicely but you will find after a couple of washings (sometimes just one washing), the voice box no longer functions. In this case, it doesn't matter as Mr. Bill is more companion than toy.
4370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works great!! But Balls got destroyed quickly by my Pitt!

3883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog doesn't care for tennis balls, so I gave them to a friend who's dog is obsessed.
6904	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not one of my 23 cats would eat this. I have no idea why. I kept putting it out and it was all left in the bowls. Had to throw it all away.
Too good.
3236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I finally found something that worked for my jack russell.  I give her two a day and it seems to help.
Mr Bill is a MUST for every dog!!!

9706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun, fun fun for my cat. She runs around the house and dives on this game to make the balls go around. Then she lays on her side and swats them, stops them, (I purchased the Bergan twinkle ball for it as well)  and swats them again. She uses the scratcher as well. Best toy ever for her, and no we do not use any "wacky weed" (my name for Cat Nip), to cause her to run around, she just loves this toy.
843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Fast shipping.  Great value.  My dog is not crazy about this new formula.  Don't know if it is the taste or smell.  Wish they would go back to the old formula.  Still works great.  Thank you.
3100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The greatest leash ever made! I have the belt and three of the leashes and walk 3 dogs 7 miles about every day.  Love it!
825	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The fine folks at "At-A-Glance" have been churning out all manner of daily/weekly/monthly planners for as long as most of us have been alive, I would think.  Whatever your manner of planning ahead might be, they've got you covered.  And they're still going strong, it seems, despite the rise in "there's an app for that" thinking.
To Amazon CS: Please make this available for subscription again!
6255	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Fresh scent? Don't smell a thing, except cat urine.
2780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I find this toy hidden around my house in various places and have had it forever.  He can't destroy it.  It's great.

 OUR DOBERMANS TUMMY WAS OBSTRUCTED.  SHE NEEDED SURGERY.  TURNED OUT SHE INGESTED A CHEWED UP PIECE OF TENNIS BALL  AND THE BACTERIA SURROUNDING THE PIECE ACTUALLY CAUSED HER DEATH.
1720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Of all the toys I've got for my mutt over the last few years, she loves these the most. The build quality is average, my dog has tore them up in a few hours, or lasted months before she finally tears them up.
8605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Monthly delivery to a local animal shelter.  No complaints.

As for getting the dog to use it, mine picked it up very quickly.  (I'm actually quite proud of her...)  The first three time, she wouldn't use it.  The fourth time, I put some kibble on the ramp (spread out from top to bottom) and she walked up the ramp, eating the kibble.  Since, she has gone up and down numerous times -- all with kibble on the ramp at this point.  Eventually I am going to stop using the kibble, but for right now, she needs that little extra incentive.  Still, I was encouraged by how quickly she understood what to do.
4945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seriously a life saver if you have a lab that's obsessed with balls. She will run herself to death and I would be sore from throwing before we got our chuck it. This is our second one as our first one got left out and chewed in half by our golden retriever... So, apparently it's easy to chew through (not a manufacturing problem, just a forgetful owner problem) but it will save your arm!
7735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this when I ordered the Ultra Premium Lamb and Rice dog food from Natural Balance and didn't really think my dog (extremely picky) would like them.  She loves them and her special treat for retrieving the morning paper and depositing it in my hand is one of these--she's a 5 year old standard Poodle and I attribute her absolutely healthy nature (never sick) to her dogfood.  Try these - they are a good size and very satisfying for the dog as well.
5770	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have been getting this calendar since the mid 1990's.  Never fails to entertain and just when life at work gets truly unbearable - there is a cartoon that fits the bill so well that I make copies and sneakily spread them around..... ;)
3/23/16
baking soda in the waste receptcle from time to time.
878	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A high protein, low glycemic food has a lot to offer a dog.  This food is indeed high in protein, and offers some high quality protein sources.  However, rather than grain, it has potatoes.  It also has chickpeas and split peas, which they do point out.  If you read the ingredients, you will see dried potatoes.  I don't like that they fail to mention this in the heading when they mention the peas.  Grain free is great; but there are much better options than regular potatoes.  Sweet potato would be much better.

Still, best toy!
2395	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Lambchop lost his stuffing early in life. I forgot to read to see if he was stuffing free. RIP Lambchop!
- in my case it's TOO big (my own fault for not noting the dimensions carefully)
5990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my cats so when I go away for the night they still get fed in the morning. I was expecting the unit to be smaller than it is but overall it looks nicer than I expected and arrived very quickly. I am very happy with my purchase and I will update the review in a few months to let you know how it held up and if my cats figured out how to get to the food.
2922	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When I ordered this teddy bear, I didn't realize it was the same bear that comes with the Kong Extra Small Low Stuffing 3pk. For some reason, I failed to notice "Extra Small" in the listing title. I thought it was a bit bigger and might be good when my puppy is older and bigger.
It seems very sturdy so far- the webbing of the leash is thick and also seems sturdy and the buckles seem sturdy as well. My puppy is still very small (approx 11 lbs), so we'll see how it holds up as he grows. Although, so far I've only used it around the house. We use a regular leash when we go anywhere.
6967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Older and kitten love this!!!
See if any of these make any sense to you:

6052	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for our above ground pool as our lab was having problems with the steps.  Purchased the leg set as well.  Easy in and out and our dog loves to just sit on it submerged in the water.  Do recommend.
7929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great  cat food
5318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wil never throw a ball again. These are the best! Whoever created theseapplause goes to you! My dog goes crazy when he sees me pick this up. I can't throw very far to begin with but this is just perfect.
5039	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Handle is extremely uncomfortable.  Nothing like the Chuck it stick I already have.  I wanted one to leave at the lake to exercise the dog, but I really hate the handle.  It does not throw as far as my other one either.  Get the one with the molded handle.

722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really love this leash! I got it for my dog Lexie because, she tends to get out of her collar this a way to control her that is easier for me. The straps were easy to adjust by the length I wanted to be able to walk her. I have no complaints this is the best bang for your buck!
4863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the chuck it.
8934	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great
4998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product, much easier on the wrists, Cali loves it too
This one is nice and small and is easy to bring on a walk. It holds standard size tennis balls, so you don't need to buy a special size or anything.
5360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We were having a grand time with this toy, and my dog enjoyed running the extra distance.  That was until I handed it over to my boyfriend who "Chucked it" as hard as he could and our tennis ball was lost forever... Ok, so that's not really a problem since you can put whatever kind of tennis ball you want in there, but buyer beware: You must understand physics to avoid losing your dog's favorite tennis ball or possibly chucking a ball into a passing car.  It really depends on where you live.
35	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	fun to watch , learned allot of useful information ,worth watching
4507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We all love it

2854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is very small - and I do mean very small! Will fit in the palm of my hand small. It has no stuffing, but has a squeaker in it (and it came with an extra to put in if/when the first one busts!). I needed a toy that I could keep in my pocket so that when the young pup started chewing on my hands - and the kids hands! - that I could whip this toy out and show her that we chew on toys not on people (or their clothing, haha). So while this is not a great tugging kind of toy, this is a great training toy for our golden pup!
7043	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great food, I can see the change in my dog. He's 17 years old ,and is moving slower ,normal for a dog that age. I will admit that I can see the difference in feeding him your food. I bought the canned and dry. Has everything a old dog needs.
3322	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too bad Bayer did not keep it's regular formula of Advantage. This OTC product does not knock down fleas at all. I would rather pay prescription price for the original than be able to purchase this at retail stores everywhere. It just no longer works for us.
4120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Goldens love these balls.  They are larger than most, but they still love them.  They are hollow inside and will eventually bust open with enough chewing, but have found the girls love them.  Would recommend.
6639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say.  Cats love it,
5401	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are fabulous.  They pick up the ball so easily that kids can use them.  The 12m can throw the ball about 15-20 feet so it is fine for most yards.
Dogs' systems have to be primed before glucosamine can enter their system and help them. That involves a doubled dose for a week or so before dropping to the regular dose. I'm not a veterinarian- all I have is info on my own dogs. Please ask your vet to give you dosage instructions that are specific to your pet before you start giving them these!
6564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product my toy fox terrier loves this.. Needed fish for his coat
8842	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good size pan - great for older cat to dig around and not make a mess
8464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves
1202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'd like to note that the review I wrote below, I will not change, but I have this to add:  The thing needs semi regular cleaning. I mean cleaning completely, with a new coat of scotch-guard on the pan surface and fresh litter refilled.
Runs on the small side so you need to follow the measurement guide provided. I ordered a Small for my 22 lb slender-built cattle dog mix but the collar part that goes over the head was way too small. I returned it and ordered the medium, which fits him much better. The only improvement would be to pad the nylon webbing straps to prevent rubbing. Harley goes to work with me every day and he gets around so well that people forget he's blind. I'm hoping this harness will help remind people that he can't see them.

955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the 3rd Fujifilm memory card that I've purchased from Amazon. They all work fine and have not had any problems. I expect this card to be trouble free also. Good price and  free shipping if you want it.
5960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This automatic feeder has saved our life. Our cat used to wake us up in the early morning hours just meowing and bugging the heck out of us until we woke up and fed him. This is now set to the same time every morning and it automatically goes off without a hitch.
215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it, lol.  He gets a lot of compliments on it.
2070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	10 stars from my Corgis!
4990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	as orderred
Bottom line: there are chargers that are as technically as sophisticated and powerful as this one, but few come close to the stable, precise fit this one has on my lighter socket.
  The best part? My dog(and every other canine fussy-eater I know who's wisely made the switch)goes absolutely WILD for this dog food. That NEVER happened with other premium brands...and these dogs have tried every one! The folks at Wells obviously know what they're doing, because this stuff stays fresh and palatable, from the first bowl to the last from every 33 lb bag.
5439	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have bought 5 of these - I have 2 German Shepherds Dogs and they love to chew on them! I am older and can't throw well now so this has come in very handy. Throws several hundred feet with ease.
Their humans like them as they don't seem to get as slobber slimed as the rubber version.
1789	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is adorable and well made - although I have only had it for a day.  Definitely a bargain and my dog loves it!
4870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love iy
3355	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't really like putting this stuff on my kitty so I wait until I see that first sign of bugs and put it on him.  He gets mad at me for putting it on him but in 24 hrs the bugs are gone.

4660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	makes trowing the ball easier. great product!
2702	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	too tiny in real life
4402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this because of tennis elbow and rotator cuff problems. Always loved these and this one is no exception.
7375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I see there have been some people with bad reviews for this product, but I have had nothing but positive experiences.

5015	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We had the Chuckit 18M Pro model before we bought this one and we loved it, but our dog got a hold of it and chewed it up, so we bought this one to replace it because it was a bit cheaper than the pro model. The one we received is a fun green color and fits all chuck it balls and tennis balls in it just fine. This one does the job, but the handle is shaped a bit different, so you have to get used to throwing it a bit differently than the Pro style. The only thing I really don't like about it is that the handle feels flimsy compared to the Pro model. It bends really easily, especially when picking up the ball and I'm worried it's going to break in half. Other than that, it works just fine. I like the length of the 18M styles; the length is perfect and can go a really good distance. If you have the extra bucks to get the 18M Pro, I probably would, but if you need to save a few bucks, this one would do just fine.
The cats give this a sixteen-paw salute! (Four cats, four paws each, you know...)
9675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats are thrilled with this - and it's one of the first kibbles that actually smells wholesome to me.  Thanks!
5135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery....thank you!  5-Stars
456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my 3Rd  year. We live in tickville.
this tent makes it virtually impossible to see what's happened
6738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this toy! My 11 yr old.. owning the toy doesn't want to share it.. so she sits on it.. like, if it fits, I sits.. "this is mine!" She hardly plays, but when I brought this into her house she attacks it.. makes the ball roll. Then runs away, only to duck and watch the ball. So.. my 3 year old is obsessed with it too.. whenever my 11 yr old gets her but off it my 3 year old goes crazy!
5251	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love it! Now just train my dog to return the ball once he fetches it! :)
8214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love!
Definitely worth the money.
267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the thick, original kind of Petromalt that doesn't drip and ooze every time you try and use it.  One cat eats it out of the tube as a treat, the other tolerates it, but that's her behavior with all Petromalt type products.
1. These are a luxury item, for sure. As described, they have a double layer that makes you feel like you're less close to the item you're picking up. They come out of the box with the opening easily accessible, so you don't need to struggle to open it up to get your hand inside. They turn inside out and tie very easily, because the 2nd layer makes a nice pocket for holding the pickup material. Especially great for if your dog occasionally has very soft droppings that require a little work to pick up - definitely makes that process less gross.
6778	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible.  I think I literally got 5 bubbles out of it and gave up. I know how to blow bubbles very well,  this formula and the wand are TERRIBLE. I would not recommend. Walmart has a 97 cents cat nip bubble,  small, but works much better.
7154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old dachshund loves this food.
5685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Heats up super fast and hot! Very nice
1145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They work well and can be reused if emptied frequently and line them with baking soda and a Costco cleaning towel ripped in half.
1139	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't fit all that great. They seem to be taller then the originals that come with the litter box
9065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these treats and they are  made with good ingredients
8912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it!
8363	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Usual quality, better price than stores
4669	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's wonderful. I have  rheumatoid arthritis and so playing with Bella can be a challenge. This is so great because with little effort I can throw far, or some times high, lol. She actually gets tired out when playing it.

7525	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	They love the Max  Cat dry food but don't like this at all.  They smell it and walk away.  I've added some warm water, cool water, broke it up into smaller pieces  but still no take.  Won't buy the Nutro Max Wet Food again.
4992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	classic.  essential dog toy.
Still going strong!!
335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Helps with people coming up and scaring her as they see in advance that she is blind.
3891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs loved these. Not a 5 star review because my guys were able to destroy them fairly quickly.
2760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hope to deal with again AAAA+++
8101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love Friskies.
We're always looking for relatively tough dental toys for our 182 pound Cane Corso named Dante.  He tears apart any toy we buy him, usually in a matter of minutes.  But this particular Nylabone Dura Chew has survived for months now.  If you look at the size of his teeth, length and thickness, you will see a dog with the teeth and jaw muscles strong enough to tear the hood off your car--which is exactly what he did to our Prius.  So if your dog is capable of ripping hoods off cars, this treat should be good for your pet monster.  Just keep an eye on the toy so that you can toss it before it breaks down and is swallowed.
Our 8 cats give Friskies Pate 16 (total) paws up!

7037	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I thougth this was worth a try. A new treat for my 2 kitties. Unfortunately, they each just watched the bubbles fall to the floor and pop. One of them did sniff the spot where the bubbles broke, but that was about it. Nice idea, but no treat for my 2 kitties anyway.
Thanks
I have purchased 2!  great entertainment
6150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Note that this product is an extra leash for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Buddy-System-Hands-Free-Leash-Regular-Dog-System-Black-Regular/dp/B0002ZAZLC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Buddy System - Hands Free Leash - Regular Dog System - Black Regular</a>&nbsp;which is sold separately. The below is a review of that product. As for this extension, I don't have a second dog but find it handy for leaving one leash on the belt and having another I can use in situation where I want to leash the dog by hand or to a pole for a few minutes. It is useful having two. Originally I bought this one by mistake trying to buy the full system that includes the belt, but I'm glad now to have two leashes for the system.
5507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this product. Our dog can play fetch for hours and the ball gets nasty! With this, I never have to touch the ball and I can launch it much further than normally!
2030	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog loves it. It is a little large, but my tiny dog can carry it and easily makes it talk.
6033	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this ramp and so do my dogs.  I like the material - it's a little soft which I less is less scary when training dogs to use it.  I used to own a ramp exactly like this one years and years ago and I'm glad I bought this again.  Easy to use, I like there's a lock on it, and it's very strong.  I have a 130 pound mastiff and it's great for him.
288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic!  My dog wasn't accustomed to walking on a leash before I adopted him.  After a couple of days on the harness, Logan loves walking beside me in my power wheelchair.
297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very easy to get on a wiggly dog. A bit cheaply made. I wouldn't trust it on a strong puller despite the adjustable fit. Still, a great way to draw attention to foster dogs!
5663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First Impression: Someone gave me the Chuckit Ball Launcher as a gift. It seems to be for lazy humans. Fetch is not my favorite game, so we don't use this toy very often. However even Mom can make the ball go pretty far with the device. For the most part I just look at her like "Why did you throw the ball way over there?" then she goes and gets it for me. Don't get me wrong I like to chew on the ball... But why should I retrieve it? I'm not a retriever!
5259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT!!
9726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love the Friskies and my girls (cats) love the fish flavors, best. It is nice that I can have it shipped to the door and the price is slightly less than the grocery store.
1953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are bigger than the one in the stores. It's just a regular squeak toy but for some reason they love it. I buy a new one every month after the old squeaker is dead and the lamb gets beat up.
6019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Summer of 2017 I had the worst experience with fleas. I live in Pennsylvania and I was treating my house weekly. I spent and wasted so much money on treatments, bombs, sprays, etc. Not anymore. These collars are expensive, but worth it. People have talked about their dogs getting rashes from the collars but my Australian Shepherd has no issues. His breeder uses them on her dogs too and no issues so I'm not sure if maybe the dogs having this problem had sensitive skin or what but the collar caused no problems for my dog or cats.
6287	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Even tho my dog picks out the pieces of chicken first he does love this food!
1523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I was looking for.
4802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves playing catch and I do not have a good arm. This helps out tremendously and wares my dog out fast.
760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it, love it, love it!!!!!!!!!!  This was exactly what I was looking for and it arrived a week sooner than expected.  Will definitely buy another one next year.
9732	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	this is a junky toy and my cat doesn't know what to do with it  but she likes it as a scratcher

4789	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price for what I would find at PetSmart for 3 times the cost.  It has a very short handle, which you would think might lessen the length of the throw, but no, it throws long distances just fine.  My 7 year old loves to play fetch with the dog now.
6748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this litter because it lasts a while, there is no smell and it doesn't track nearly as much as the scoopable stuff. Just scoop the poo as needed and the litter is good for about a week (for one box with one cat).
I wrote a detailed letter to Ark Naturals immediately, worried that this formula is out there being put in other animals' ears.  It has been over a month with no response whatsoever.  No matter what their response is, I think this is disgraceful and suspect.
2247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There's a little squeaker in each foot and larger squeaker in the belly, for a total of 5 squeakers.  They're a good noise level, so not irritatingly loud or anything.  Lambchop is very soft and squishy, which my dogs like.  The white fabric fur has a neat swirl going on.  Lambchop's eyebrows are a bit uneven but that gives her character.
2293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this toy. Multiple squeakers definitely a plus!

4685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is great!  No more slobber balls and I can throw the ball far and fast!
8635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great! Puppy loves them!

4706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wanted a small chuck it for our Ball Manic Lab.  This does the trick.  We take this on our hikes and keeps our Puppy in top shape chasing the ball and no yuck pickup.  Fits perfect in my basic back pack as well.

9856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 3 year old, 60 pound Choco Lab loves it and her coat is so shiny that people actually make it a point to stop and tell us how beautiful she is!! She gets 1 1/2 cups 2 times a day and sometimes she doesn't even finish it all. It is very cost effective this way and this bag lasts us 6 weeks!! Her stools are never liquid/mushy and she has a set schedule of when she goes #2 so she isn't ever constipated. And it has a 4 star out of 5 rating on dog food advisor.
To save on receptacles, I line mine with two plastic grocery bags.  When it's full, I just pull up the bags, tie them off, and take it away.  Line with new bags, and it's good to go.
1794	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Big and cute....will buy again for sure
9062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more sticky litter!  Had no idea this pan would be so useful.  Not sure what the material is that is so magical???
The best way to exercise my German shepherd.
5162	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked well, fits a standard tennis ball in case the original gets destroyed. My wife sues it to throw with our gods at the dog park. For her make an obvious difference in throwing range, compared to just a arm throw. Hasn't snapped or broke so the quality is great.
606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great toy for the big chewers.  Very sturdy and lasts well. Would buy again for sure!  As all parrot owners know we buy toys to eventually throw them out after they are destroyed but this one lasted well and our parrot has had a blast chewing it, hanging on it, fighting with it, etc...  :)
8616	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bigger pieces than what I buy at Petsmart. Cat has been vomiting for 2 days. Will only buy from Petsmart from now on.
5274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Standard poodle loves this.  Careful that ball does not bounce completely away!
THIS IS A GREAT IDEA, BUT A LOW-QUALITY PRODUCT
9186	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love them!
9710	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Like this --- have several for our three cats
2608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Auggie, our 75 lb. rodesian ridgeback, part hound dog, just loves this toy.  This is his second one, and I have another in reserve, just in csse he kills this one.  He just loves when Mr. Bill "talks".  He takes him to bed at night.
1711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!
474	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this on my dog and recommend it to EVERYONE. We live in NH which is pretty much a tick palace. One weekend I found 8 ticks on my dog in a single day. We bought this collar, put it on, and didn't see another tick for months. We occasionally see a dead one every now and then.
5277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Helps me throw much farther and Teddy loves racing after the ball. He gets excited when he sees me pick this up because he loves chasing balls and I love that it's interactive play. I would also recommend getting the whistle ball in addition to the regular balls (I think Chuckit makes one, but I got the Planet Dog one, which does fit in the Chuckit); I don't know if it makes a difference to Teddy, but it amuses me. I would definitely recommend this item and would buy again if needed.
7237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food was recommended by my vet and I have been feeding to all my cats for the past 14 years.
Caveat Emptor!
7617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best for my cat!
4076	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have been terribly disappointed in these balls.  I have only given two to my year old Jack Russell.  He has peeled the cover off both.  They don't bounce as well as a tennis ball and he still prefers the tennis ball for playing.  These are just for mutilating, and making a mess for me to clean up.  Spend your money on something else.  It will be better spent!
3060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm going to like this product better now that I have a No-Pull harness to assist me and my over energetic puppy that is LARGE....Can't wait to see some good results in improved health!  However, I do worry about its ability to handle the huge dog....
5182	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throw the ball 5x further.  Use the chuck it glowball for great bouncing on grassy fields day or night.
It seems to have been one of the treats without controversy and one which has had good ingredients.
3555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these bags. They work really well, never rip and are easy to use. Well worth the money

6113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My pool doesn't have steps & my Golden, unlike my lab, won't jump into the pool. I bought this ramp plus "legs" and put it in my pool so my Golden could walk down the ramp into the pool. He learned to use it immediately. My only comment is it's not stable & I have to hold onto it as my dog walks down it. Again - this is in the pool. I can't comment on how it is on solid ground. It did solve my problem, however. My Golden can now enjoy the pool with me & my lab.
1968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm rather impartial.  The dog on the other hand thinks its fabulous.
6214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome ingredients!  My gerbils love it, and it isn't filled with fattening seeds!  Most food is for gerbils AND hamsters, which really means only for hamsters!  This food is just for Gerbils =)  Sadly it hasn't been available for awhile, but in the past I've ordered multiple times and each time was 5-star satisfied!
6700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my kitties. They love it and chance after the bubbles. Keeps them entertained and the get some exercise by chasing the bubbles.
311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This worked great for a foster who could not wear a collar.
5460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is exactly what I expected. Makes throwing the ball way easier!! The dogs get excited when they see me pull this out!
5442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great! no more sore shoulder, or slimy hands since the Chuckit easily scoops up the ball from the ground and with a firm arm/wrist flick easily launched the ball 80 feet or more. We also bought the larger 26M Chuckit, which works great for our large 1 acre backyard. This 18M model is better for smaller yards or smaller dogs.
4666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for those of us without the ability to throw the ball far. It's all in the wrist.
8486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I order these all the time, my fur babies love them, big bag for a good price!
5502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have dogs that love to fetch.  After a while my arm would get tired, way before any of them would.  This is a great solution.  We can now play until THEY get tired instead of my arm.  LOVE IT!
2045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute toy for a smaller dog or even a cat. Has a louder squeeker in the middle and then little squeekers in each of his paws. My puppy looks so cute playing with it. It is super soft too so it is great if your pup likes a snuggly
Richard Lewis
9774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it, my cat loves to play with this.
1021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a lab/sheppard puppy who is not even
1425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All my dogs love this and it is good for them.
6716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As a regular litter, I used this for years since my cats were raised on it. I had to add Feline Pine though to keep down the odor. Nothing wrong otherwise with this product.
Though regular tennis balls work fine, I'd recommend using the Fetch balls that Chuckit sells. Compared to tennis balls, they're easier to clean, I don't have to worry about my dog chewing them (since there is no fuzz for her to rip off), and they bounce a lot better (even on grass).
4920	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This makes playtime so much easier on me and my husband!  No more bending and squatting 200 times to get the ball!
4502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a Chuckit, you can't go wrong with this item.  If you haven't used one of these you are missing out!  I have a Malinois which means I have a dog with ENDLESS energy.  I simply can not throw a tennis ball far enough for long enough to tire this animal out.  Enter the Chuckit, and all is well in the universe again.  I can easily launch a tennis ball 50 yards with this tool with zero stress on my shoulder.  The dog and myself are very appreciative o of this item.
6726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The cats seemed to like this, especially the salmon(?) I think is in there.
9574	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pup's happy, so am I!  Heavy duty kong toys are the only toys my pup won't destroy.

~The Rebecca Review
804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't loved a fuzzy, stuffed dragon...except dragons.
- It's fluffy and soft, good to cuddle with or play with. My dog likes to use his toys a pillows after he's done playing, and this is the best one for that.
Program is super safe-- you can put it in a dish and mix it with tuna and your cat will eat it right up. You can use it with Capstar (also super safe, but not long lasting) to kill live fleas if your cat picks one up. This is the best monthly flea control to keep your cat safe and healthy!
9826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought to keep dog occupied.
5734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm not baking cupcakes with them at all, but using them as dividers inside my tiffin, a compartmentalized metal lunch pail of Asian Indian origin (sort of like the Japanese bento boxes). Bento culture has lots of clever accessories to divide and section foods. One can mail off to get them from Japan, but these cupcake molds work too. For instance, I just set up a lunch with figs, cucumber slices and grapes in the same compartment, each nested in one of these baking cups within the larger compartment. I like these because they seem sturdy, flexible enough to squash into the overall tiffin shape, but not flimsy--that is, they appear to be strong enough to hold up to repeated washing.
8897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a huge Maine Coon who outgrew a regular litter box quickly. This was a good price, great size for our kitty, and durable.
5858	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Beagle likes them and seem to really improve his hips. If your dog is limping or struggles with hip-joint get some glucosamine treats and you'll be amazed at how much improvement you'll see.
7864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food. Perfect amount for them.
5172	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thought this was the dumbest idea until I used it for the first time. You can throw the ball further, you don't have to bend down all the way, and you don't have to touch a gross slobbery tennis ball. My dog sees me grabbing this and knows we are headed to the dog park. Works with standard tennis balls.
5560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This really saves my arm when out playing with the dogs.  They love it too!  Be warned though that the ball will go FAR and that the smaller version may be more appropriate if you have a smaller yard.
6097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a winner! We have two pit bulls, both of whom are around 60+ pounds each.  One of the dogs has had two leg surgeries, so we have to be careful not to have her jump too much.  We have a Toyota Rav4 and a Matrix and needed a ramp to get her in and out of the cars, as we take them with us around town and on trips.  These are car dogs -- they live for car trips, if only to the local store!
3989	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Many times I read reviews of people saying 'did not last' etc, however that is true. Total junk lasted one minute. See pic.
3317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We agd bad flea infestation. Day I put this product on my cats, they haven't seen a flea since!
6520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product; used before
152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great, well made. We have two of these.
5059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size (length) to throw a standard tennis ball.
8662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	good, cats like the chicken flavor better
Additionally, Wellness has just been included in Subscribe and Save, so now I can save even more. I just ordered 72 12.5 oz cans!
6378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 9-week puppy LOVES this food. I trust this brand & feel confident my pup is getting safe, healthy food. I also buy the puppy treats!

My dogs are Golden Retrievers, 5 and 11 years old.
5711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Item came as pictured and described with the exception of the cover. The cover I received was of less quality than I expected. The cover is not critical to its function, but is nice to have in certain applications, hence the rating of 4 rather than 5.
7445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are OBSESSED with these. It takes them a while to go through one, but I end up buying one every few months or so so that they can have a fresh one. Actually I have to buy 2 because otherwise my boys will fight over them! They are serious chewers, about 40 lbs each, and it will take them at least 3 months to chew through one of these. Only knock is they always send the brontosaurus (which wasn't a real dinosaur anyway); I'd love to see one of the other dinos!
This takes fetch to a whole new level. I can throw pretty far, but get tired out. This can throw twice as far and my dog goes nuts when I bring it out. I got the whistle balls too, which make him even nuttier. We played with this today until he could fetch no more. That's never happened before. It has a compact size, but can throw quite a distance. I haven't completely got the skill of using it down yet, but it's still pretty effective. If you are thinking about buying this, stop. Add to your cart, get a couple extra balls, and check out.
1998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My 60 pound baby lab loves carrying his baby around. Can't go anywhere without it. Nothe sure it can withstand some of the playing he does with it seeing as how it already has a tear I. It's face after 2 days. He does love it though so like I always do, I guess I will buy more for when he needs it.
751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really cute and really the only monthly planner on the market.
1262	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have 3 dogs, a Healer,Cockapoo, and a CockerSpaniel. These wafers are way too thick for the two smaller dogs. I've been splitting them up but still..,

4889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	worked well
The whole idea of Cesar's method is really simple, be the pack leader and the dog will follow, that will indirectly solve most of the unwanted behavior.  Although the execution is more complicated plus he has a pack of dogs to help him(this is a significant tool that most of us or other dog trainer lack of).
5526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Save my shoulders, keep my dog happy, I don't have to touch slimey balls and I can use it as a weapon to keep other unruly dogs at bay. Amazon shipped quick, a lot of packaging for one small item but you can't win them all.
The price is quite reasonable for this food and I will be buying it for my dog.

And because I can work some very long hours. 16-18 hrs some days. I feel a bit more assured knowing the box is keeping itself clean.
We purchased this gadget in preparation for going out of town, and leaving the cats set up "home alone" for the weekend in a large unfinished basement.  They were used to eating and drinking from dispensers, and we always leave backup supplies just in case, so we had the input side of the equation covered.  The output side of things, however, tended to be less than ideal.  Our solution had always been multiple litter pans, and this device seemed like a great improvement.  We sent it up in a clear area, "introduced" the cats to its use, and went on our way.
This not only avoids over-treating (feeding) your dog during training and thus a healthy alternative to snacks.
The house I live in is small - there are few places to hide litterbox odor. This does it effectively.
They have never even apologized they made my dog sick.
4390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For years I avoided buying one of these. What's wrong with using my arm instead of one of these dadgum fancy contraptions? I wondered. Well, this is TONS better. No more gross hands! You can just pick up the ball with this thing. Also, my throwing arm isn't actually that good, so now I can throw it clear across the field for my dog. Be sure to buy the correct size for your dog-- I have a standard Goldendoodle so he needs a large, not a medium.
6569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness senior formula has been working well for my 13 year old dog. He's been on it for a bit over 2 years now and hasn't had any bad reactions to it. I had him on just kibble for a while, but then he needed to put a few pounds on and this really does the job keeping his weight normal.
It also has January 2017, a single page calendar reference which has the dates and days for 2015-2017, a section for future planning, a two page spread for contacts, a 10 page notes section with 5 pages of lines and 5 pages of graph, a single page events calendar, a 2016-2019 holiday list, and a time zone and area code page. For the future planning section you have 1/3 a page a month for all of 2017--a little mini calendar and then lined pages to write appointments or notes down for that month.
1232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Before the Littermaid, I had 5 litter boxes to scoop twice a day. 2 Booda boxes, 2 extra large pans, and a 3-part sifter pan (which I did not like as it dropped used litter all over after you sifted). I spent two hours a day scooping boxes.
9227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Even though my lil feline children are quite picky, I usually give them a half of a can and although they do like the junk food cat food the best, they have decided to like this one every 4th meal (You cat owners will totally understand!
9429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Husky, John Denver, loves these and they last like nothing else.
7909	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The box I receive contained beetles. The biscuits were loose in the box and were not contained in a plastic bag within. The box had holes in all  the corners. I'm not sure at what point the beetles entered but needless to say I didn't feed them to my dogs. I pitched all 20 lbs. This company needs to address this before I ever buy their product again.
7960	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Gus does not like.
3896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them

1750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pups favorite toy! She loves her little lamb.
7176	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Food is great. I do notice that there are some inconsistencies; some batch are softer and darker than others and my cats prefer some batches over another.
6939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My stray outside kitties love it!
8045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good buy, we rescue cats...........
5645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Speedy delivery.
9925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A++++++
8289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats like it, and the ingredients are what we were looking for.
9435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good for cat litter and great for letting doe rise.  This is a remarkable multi use product.
2973	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Having a 3 year old beagle that has destroyed toys in 3 minutes or less after receiving them, I'm always on the lookout for one she will like, and that will last longer than a bullrider does.
6379	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Glad to see it on Amazon
The spoon, as I call it, is made of cheap plastic, but feels pretty sturdy since the plastic is fairly thick. It shouldn't break unless stepped on or abused. It is small enough to be easily stepped on if dropped however.
3141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I've been giving this to my 69lb Lab for two weeks.  My vet prescribed Glucosamine-only tablets, any brand was fine.  Though my dog's arthritic limping was to improve in about 30 days of use, according to my vet when using 1500mg/day, after two weeks I am noticing an improvement.  This isn't to say that this product is the result of the improvement exclusively, but that it seems to be doing what it is supposed to do.  However, the price is (or was) very near what you might pay in a large club-type store, such as BJ's.
5214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I always thought these things were kinda gimicky... until I got a dog that loves to fetch. This is the ultimate retrieval-based dog toy.
5356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is great!  I no longer have sticky, drippy, smelly dog spit on my hands.  The Chuckit launcher provides a way to play with my dog without having to touch the ball with my hands.  Fits a standard tennis ball.  I've been using it almost daily for about a month now and the only negative thing I have to say is that over time, the long handle tends to curve more as a result of pressing the "hand" onto the tennis balls to pick them up.  Otherwise, this is probably one of the best investments I've made for my dog.
7447	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's love these and I have ordered them over and over.
6355	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this food! And I'm an Amazon Prime Member and this is cheaper on Amazon than me driving an hour away to Pet Smart to buy it. Thank you.
My dogs were diagnosed with a tick illness  (not lyme) it causes red blood cell problems and bleeding.  Almost lost one of them. After they recovered, we bought these. Have not found any ticks on them and we test yearly for tick diseases. None have been found!  Love these.
8685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	helped our pit bull puppy's stomach issues, we switched from blue buffalo to science diet and it has been fantastic!
469	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	After a couple of months, did not repel or kill ticks.
4738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mom and her dog love this toy!
71	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have now purchased all 4 of these bands. I already have a full home gym and use it nearly daily but these bands have provided an awesome addition allowing me to work muscles I don't think I've ever worked. They're guide could be more extensive because I've found many new/interesting ways to use them and work even more muscles.
4224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome toy.  I can play with our boxers without touching all the slobbery nastiness that comes along with playtime!  From a product stand point it's sturdy and well made. Easy to use. Comes in a variety of pretty colors and is fun to use with little effort.
7128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat (who has early kidney disease) loves this food but EVERY case has 30-70% of them dented!!
9279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a tough chewer, a labrador. He hasn't broke this one yet and he LOVES it. We hide it from him so he's not constantly chewing on it, but I feel like this will last us a very long time! Great buy.
259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have used this for years, it works pretty well.

4632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works well. makes the balls go far. my dog loves balls.
1200	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I read all the GREAT reviews here and laid out the money to purchase this item. It's been a little over a year now and I'm about to throw mine out.
I liked that I could pronounce the ingredients on the label, though it did seem a lot of the ingredients were plant-based instead of meat. It didn't seem to both my little girl, though. And she is known to eat her fair share of carrots and green beans with relish, so she seems to enjoy a somewhat varied diet.
I did receive this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review which I have given here. I was in no way influenced by the manufacturer or seller. All opinions and statements are mine and mine alone.
5701	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product.  I've had this for awhile and it seems to be holding up fine and it had good storage space for what it i s.
4356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
UPDATE: Unfortunately I took my dog to the beach wearing this... and a little sand got into the leash buckle, where it attaches to her collar. Now I cannot use it. Any idea how to get the sand out?!



Cons:
2142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 2 Shih tzu's love this. Is soft for sleeping on and fun to play with. Squeaks in many places.
The Beach Body kit and this kit as far as the containers go are nearly identical.  I am 99% sure that they are even made by the same company as the manufacturing marks on the bottom are identical as is the packaging (containers only).  The only difference between the two is that the Beach Body version has colored containers and lids, this one has colored lids with a clear container.  This kit also has a little healthy packers label on each container.  The size of the containers is also the same.
That feature is mighty important.
2646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The puppy loved it.  Another King hit
6597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this as litter for my bunnies, its perfect~
437	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My vet recommended this due to frequent ticks. So far, I know still winter and cold, its been good. Ive had it on for 1 month, fits my 55 pound bulldog just fine, not irritating, no residues, no smell, no fleas, or ticks seen. Updates as months of hot weather approach.
7814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been giving these to my 3 Goldens for a few years now, but have only been able to get them in smaller quantities.....the 20 lb box is GREAT!
6992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion the best cat food. My cat and mini dog loves it!!! Quality matters.
7907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have 4 dogs. They love these treats. One of my dogs is missing a few teeth from before we adopted him and these are easy for me to break into pieces for him.  Our dogs like these much better than Milk Bone Dog Biscuits. They come in a big cardboard box and are loose inside. Some people complain about a lot of broken bones, so far in 2 boxes we have not had that issue. Maybe 10% or less are broken.
4605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wish i could give this thing 6 or 7 or 8 stars! The chuckits are absolutely life saving. I have three border collies, THREE incredibly energetic and destructive little devils. They will destroy anything within sight unless i wear them out. Playing/walking with them for 3 hours a day isn't an option and I own an auto repair shop with 10 acres of land so having my customers play with the dogs with the chuckit has been a life changing thing. They play with the dogs and have a good time at our shop, our dogs get their exercise and when we go home they lay down and calm down for the night. its perfect!
4194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a lifesaver, or arm saver!! My dog loves to chase the ball and will do so endlessly, until she drops if I let her. If it wasn't for this Chuckit, she would be unhappy or I would have a very unhealthy arm and shoulder. Great dog toy!!
An MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) exists between the AAFCO and the Food and Drug Administration. I guess a warm and fuzzy exchange of cards at Christmas just isn't enough.
M/B Rio Vista Ca
My cats were very suspicious of the Litter Maid at first, but once I switched to manual mode they adapted happily.  Now the big cat greets me with a cheery monologue each morning and leads me into the cat room so that I can praise him for using his box properly and flip the power switch to clean it up.
[...]
5157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs love to go after balls, this helps me put some distance on the ball which makes the dogs really work-out.
49	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I've recently got hooked on Ceasar's dog whisperer show and have been trying to rehabilitate my 8 year old dog.  She's improved amazingly on her walks but there is still a lot I need to train her on. Watching what he does dog after dog, makes me want to stop everything a get to work.  I think he's amazing at what he does, and watching the video you are reminded of that over and over again.  The only negative thing I have to say about the disc set is that unlike when the show airs on the national geographic channel, it doesn't give you an update on how the dog is doing after the session.  Otherwise, it's highly recommended!
Rasta Rott's for the win!
 the hard food in it not too much soft so i keep it freshed up
2115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the third at least we have gotten for our dog, who goes through squeak/noisemaking toys like candy. It is the only toy that reliably lasts more than an hour or so in his jaws; we think because the noise it makes sounds different enough from other squeaks that he doesn't immediately have the urge to destroy it. Even after he dissects it to remove the noisemaker (which usually happens several weeks in), he loves and plays with the toy, and it holds together well enough after this process that he is able to play with it for months. For whatever reason, even though he usually saws the limbs off of other toys with any protruding bits, he leaves the arms and legs on Mr. Bill alone.
2695	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog destroyed this within minutes!
4056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great balls for my dog. He is prone to chewing up everything in a matter of 10 seconds and it takes him at least a few days to get through one of these. I know that dosent seem like a long time but it definately is for him. They are a great deal for the price and he loves them!

Update:  FLEAS.  The treats were infested with fleas.  I bagged all the treats in poly zip-lock bags, put all but one bag in the freezer.  Fleas started a few weeks later,, on my counter top.  I opened the freezer to check out the other bag, and there were quite a bit of dead fleas under the bags.  Instead of leaving ANY bags out in the open, I now keep all bags in the freezer, until I find a new source of treats.  No more fleas.  Dogs never have fleas, since Frontline Plus used monthly.
-not dusty
It's head has been chewed off ...
We bought the neighbor's dog one and she carries it around as well.
*Just purchased this item again & I noticed the price went up over ten dollars. Same amount, nothing different. Can someone explain why this is more expensive now?
4579	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it
To counteract that downside, this food seems to guarantee a fair amount of moisture (hence the super soft and smooth texture, I guess), so I worry less about my kitties lacking proper hydration. (Mostly my finicky gal, who only likes drinking water from the faucet).
3288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I use it for my cat to help prevent fleas. However he tends to run out and probably collect more adult fleas which I'm interested in killing/preventing infestation immediately. Keep in mind this medicine only kills flea eggs and does not work as immediately as the topical flea medicines. I would prefer to mix this stuff into his food and not have to deal with wrangling my cat down to apply cold topical on his bare skin but in the end, I think I have to go back to the topical. :(
9629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the best brands on the market.

3129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-) In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.
1116	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I found out about these litterboxes by going into a pet store for cat supplies when I adopted my cat back in 2005. I liked the idea that I no longer would have to worry about having to scoop out cat waste or have a strong cat waste smell in my home.  I bought the LM920 which I found to have a quiet and decent motor. Unfortunately, it only lasted about three years.  Then I bought the LM900 as the LM920 was no longer made even though it is superior to the LM900 and quieter.  The first LM900 I bought lasted about a year and half, and I found the motor noisy and not very sturdy.  The second LM900 lasted about a year.  I bought the third LM900 and it only lasted two days before the rake stopped in the dumping into the receptacle mode and wouldn't move anymore.  I had to unscrew the rake so I could empty the receptacle which was full of lovely cat waste, dump the current amount of cat litter and return it to Amazon so I could get a replacement.  The replacement one broke also with the rake in the upright position so again, I had to unscrew the rake to get to the almost full receptacle to dump it out. Don't bother buying the Littermaid LM900 model as it is obviously doesn't last.  I went and bought the latest version of the Littermaid which is a LME9000 and it is better with a timer so the rake doesn't run during during a 9 hour duration but I still run into the rake getting stuck at various times and it also pushes unused litter into the receptacle.  I go through way more litter now which is frustrating but it does seem to have a stronger motor.
4708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	took a few throws to get the release point right. but when I did this thing flies! very handy for a pocket or backpack.
7229	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I used Wellness for many years with two cats but no more. When I recently adopted an abandoned kitten, I started using this Wellness kitten food and she liked it really well. Then I noticed hard bone fragments in the cans. One piece was sharp and the other was rounded. Please check your cans for the expiration date - the cans we had with bones expire on 2/11/20. Unfortunately, Amazon's recent shipment to me (January 2018) was from this batch.
5287	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this product works great for a 10 lb dog that loves to fetch balls. Easy to pick up the balls with the scoop, and this saves your arm from getting sore.
525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My blue front loves this toy.  When I purchase a toy for him I look for two things: how sturdy it is and are there fun things to chew.
8234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Purchased as gifts.
The 2oz size does however spray a finer mist than the 4oz size. The 4oz sprayed lots of large drops regardless of the angle it was used at but was easy to transfer to a bottle with a finer spray.
3086	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This a great way to save your arm from tugging. I got this because I have nerve damage in my arm. At first my dog pulled on my waist, but now has settled down and walks well on it. I also think this great way to get dog from car to house hands free!

2077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 10 pound puppy loves this toy! Have had it for a week or 2 and it's still entact :)

1237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I had the small (not Mega or multi-cat) version of the Littermaid box for 4 years and never had a serious problem.  I absolutely depended on it.  Unfortunately, I recently fried the unit on my heater after cleaning it.  Agh!  So I figured I'd just run out and get a new one.
5942	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Daughter loves this.  I can't rate because I am not using it.  but she says it works well for her.
The only reason it didn't get five stars was that Halle became a bit gassy after her dinners.  Not sure if it's the food or something else, but Dobie gas can be tough to deal with (she sleeps in the house at night).  Will update review if this changes.
2102	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs loved plaiyng with Lambchop, so much so she did not even last 12 hours before she was ripped apart and all stuffing on the floor.  Actually had to cut some chewed up parts off after even the first hour.  Nice and soft but more durable would be nice.



This is a good thing. Also, the cats seemed to settle down from their scratching and biting at fleas within just a few minutes. Last night was the first night in weeks that the cats have all rested peacefully. There were no signs of flea-dirt left in their usual sleeping spaces last night. I am very pleased indeed.

5295	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have both the large and the med Chuckit, both work great, and easy on the arm.
6720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very good dog food.  Thank you from me and my dogs.  A+++
1405	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected but it works fine.
7029	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I get a bubble about every tenth time. I just have blue splots all over everything.
7489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it

it''s not a good idea to let your puppy play with broken toy.....with all those toy fillings out
9353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was what our breeder gave us when we took our puppy home. I automatically assumed that it would be too expensive and began looking around for other choices, but was bummed because pup seemed to be thriving on this brand. So glad to discover it here on Amazon at a reasonable price!
1390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good planner
9585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Heavy duty, large, and great for the price!
He scratches the cardboard and smacks the ball around every time I come home from work.
2678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for our little guy - he loves it!!!!!!!!
7649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love it and I love them, so it works out wonderfully!  Frequent purchaser of this product & would recommend!
I had bought 2 different ones this time for comparisons (because i really couldn't decide and figured I've got 2 dogs, if 1 worked and not the other atleast I'd only have to replace one). This one is by far my favorite, I love that I can adjust it, recharge it and not buys a bunch of special batteries all the time, it's a good quality collar, and really works for my dog (which says a lot). It's so good I'm half tempted to buy a couple and send it to my neighbors barking dogs too lol honestly, at this point I really have no complaints, once charged it's been so much quieter around here then my dogs nonstop barking. I don't have any problem with my dog alerting me if we were in a trespassing type situation, but to bark at every bug in the sky, at her tail, bark just to bark all the time, it does nothing except drive me and everyone in the surrounding area completely crazy.
4812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Labrador (8 months ) would rather play this than eat! He loves food but Ivan say ball and he runs to get the chuck it! We play 3-4 times a day and seeing the joy this simple launcher gives him is the best !
1914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They can't get enough of this toy and it still looks almost new.
8536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It has been great, our dogs love it.  It's so far lasted, we have a Cocker Spaniel and a Chi/Italian Greyhound mix.  Although he's only 20 lbs, the mixed dog has dagger teeth and ruins everything given to him.  It has had heavy use for the last month--and so far so good!
306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This great product for the price.  I have a 4 month old lab pup that is being socialized  in public for service dog work.  It holds up pretty well.  The Rings are good size and sown well.  The mess is light weight.  The plastic closure is solid as well. I like having a ring on top of his back as well as on the front for tags.  I will buy another one in medium for later use.  Also the material does stretch and give,  so for us a longer wear time.
In other words, the Pet Food Police.
2.  Use a bit of cooking oil spray (Pam) on the bottom of the pan before you fill with litter.  I rarely clean ours, but when I do, I always spray the bottom of the pan and that really helps keep the box cleaner and helps keep the nasty stuff from getting stuck to the bottom.
4778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for throwing in your purse/bag and going to the park! You will need to bend down further to pick up the ball with this Chuckit compared to the longer ones, of course, but for me it's not a problem. Personally, I think the smaller ones are less likely to break because they are a little less bendy than the long ones. This size has the right amount of give so you can throw a ball a good distance, but not so much that you think it's going to break easily if throwing too hard or if it gets bent in your car en route!
7120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 16 yr-old outdoor cat likes it!  He forgets he's "an oldie" and gets finicky at times.  He gobbled this dry food without complaint.  It's not very hard, and the nuggets are "flat" -- therefore making it easy on his teeth.  Glad I tried this.  Had never seen nor heard of this senior cat food product.  But, I'm glad I did.  And I'm sure my old friend does too.
3960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very fun and well-made product! Our dogs enjoy it. It's easy to use and very sturdy!
863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is a picky eater and she seems to like this dog food. It has a milder smell and more pleasant to me that is not as pungent as her regular grain-free food from Natural Balance. The circular kibbles are small and of a nice size for my small dog to eat. The first two listed ingredients are lamb and chicken meal, followed by chickpeas and split peas, which appear to be the good source of the 32% high protein content. Furthermore, I like that it has no grain, corn or wheat fillers, which don't fill her up are just gonna make her poop more.
2043	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Out dogs favorite toy!!!
7330	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the Friskies canned cat food "Pate" type and received the "Bits" type which she does not like.  So now I have 2 cases of canned cat food my cat won't eat!
- AFFORDABLE @ 5 OZ.
6017	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Wasn't impressed at all
7216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great natural food for your cats.
4578	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thought these were a stupid idea. I thought "just pick the ball up and throw it."  But then we had a guest dog come stay here and he had one of these. So I learned that it is a great tool to keep the slobber off your hands.  Love it!
They are NOT easy to find.  PetSmart stopped carrying them long ago the I located a website that carried them and dropped them a couple of months ago.
1183	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	When I received the Littermate it did not work. I called Littermate customer service. Tech support tried to reconcile the problem, but could not. So, they did replace it, for $10 more and I had to send them a bunch of proof of purchase stuff. At any rate, they did send me a new one, but it is very finicky, it sometimes works, even with premium clumping litter, it works sporadically, For such a costly product, it is disappointing.

5527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a dog that chases balls you need this.  I have a larger one but need a smaller one to accommodate a smaller yard.  We kept launching the balls over the fence.

8242	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only food my cats will eat. I buy several cases a month
8826	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog played with it about an hour in the week I've had it.
2755	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My baby's favorite new toy.
6277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only wet food my cats will eat. I have to warm it up Sous vide because they won't touch cold food unless it's dry, but they gobble it up.
9454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great price. Replaced the ball with a heavier one.
7061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually bought this product for use by staff at a zoo. They've discovered it's not just some of their cats that respond to the bubbles. Their binturong goes absolutely nuts for them, too.
Verification of the change is that our dog's poops (pardon the detail) are softer and less frequent (once a day instead of 2/3 times). Not unhealthfully soft appearing but not nearly as "good" as they used to be.
947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable red dragon. Looks a little purple online but more of a deep red color. My 4 year old was super excited to receive this from the Easter Bunny.
634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The ball works as advertised. The little treats come out as the dog rolls the ball around. My 2.5 year-old French bulldog played with it for about three minutes and hasn't touched it since. It's good quality, though.
I definitely recommend this product for anyone under a budget, but wants something that has some nutritional value for their cat.
Advice to users: if you go to the dog park with this, keep an eye out on unfamiliar dogs. I've seen plenty of people surprised as dog have lept high in the air to get at a stick held over the shoulder. Seen a bit of broken skin, as well.
1518	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Most dog food is a lot of marketing and hype with all of the typical formulas you see elsewhere but with higher prices.  This one actually IS better quality and I felt like it's well thought out as well.
9358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog, Willow, loves this.  It can get noisy when she's really gnawing on it though.

My cat hasn't had any UTI's or infections/abscesses, etc since I switched back, over 2 years ago, so that says everything I need to know. I won't risk it again.
413	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	2nd time I've purchased... Last season didn't see a single flea or tick on my dog.  I will continue to buy again
599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All birds love this and it has lasted longer than most toys
4994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great price dog loves it especially with the rubber balls I buy separately
6541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats and my neighborhood abandoned cats that i feed every night LOVE Tasty Treasures with chicken. I highly recommend it AAA+++
6339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only litter that can handle the strong urine and heavy volume from
8147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs liked it.
I don't use this medium-size Frosty Dog for tug-o-war, as it's a bit too small, she ends up accidentally biting my fingers when she tries to get a better grip on the toy (didn't have that problem with the medium size teddy bear).
2119	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	By far our little one's favorite!!!
5353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got the one in the photo, what an awesome price for this! Its not a knock off, its the real chuck it! My pups love it.
* Safeguarding the health of animals and humans
7313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been feeding Wellness canned food to our dogs for years. The venison is a very solid wet food, it's not too mushy - I think the chicken is mushier. I feel like this is valued nutrition at a good price for our dogs, we feed it with Canidae dry dog food twice daily. Our three dogs have had no major health issues at ages 10+, 8 and 7. Wellness works!
Cons, first:
2609	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog got this toy as a birthday present back in Sept. He loves it and it still works so the batteries last a really long time. It's pretty durable and it's cute.
The lunge buster, however, was a waste of money. The lunge buster seems to encourage pulling as the dog is able to maintain constant pressure on the leash. My walks went from enjoyable to a seemingly constant of tug of war. I also wasn't able to communicate as easily when she needed to stop.
1399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat's love em.
9443	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 5 cats eating this food and what I like about it is that my cats who need weight control can eat it, my petite "queen of the hairballs can eat it" as can my cats who need a regular diet.  Everyone likes the taste and very little is left behind.  It's much easier than buying three different bags of food.
3850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog does not chew through these. They float, they bounce, and the color makes them easy to find in the yard. They are my dog's favorite.
6779	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My kitties are catnip FREAKS! In fact, they put the Fabulous Furry Freak brothers to shame! So, I assumed they'd love these bubbles once they got a whiff. So, when they didn't quite get it right away, I still kept blowing bubbles (over newspaper and paper bags) for a good 25 minutes. They finally came close enough to inspect (and smell) the bubbles but were completely unimpressed. I guess it was a waste of my money.
8769	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Yummy crunchy grain free dog treat.

5111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great tossing tool.
3950	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have used these ball launchers before, and enjoyed them, but this one is not what I was expecting at all.  I got the short sport launcher, and the fact that there is a learning curve with that size is no joke!  Everyone in my house that tries to use it has a hard time actually launching the ball.  I think the longer chuck-its might work a lot better, but this shortie was basically a waste of money.  I have tried to throw the ball with it every which way.  Side-arming it seems to work the best, but it's very hard to control what direction the ball is going to go with that method.  Better than straight down or hitting my dog trying to overhand it tho!  Get the longer ball launcher, not this shortie one.  You will thank me later.
1623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine and the holes do come out. We had no problems using it. This has said it all.
1107	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like that I can get so many in a pack and easy to use.
6796	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	very hard to get one bubble out and most of the time the liquid just dripped off the wand
6712	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This review is more on the quality of packaging. I had the terrible experience that one can was open inside the box and got to me covered in maggots!!!
I highly recommend this to anyone who's looking for new all purpose puppy toys. We fetch, play tug of war and chase with this toy- it's brilliant!
6400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this food! I've been feeding it to them for 2 months now and their fur is so soft and shiny. Their breath is a bit stinky, but a greenie usually helps with that. I highly recommend wellness to everyone. Do your research and see how awesome this dog food brand is.
3875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves these. The only issue is he pulls the fibers off of the ball, but he does this with all tennis balls.
8590	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My two kittens wouldn't touch the food. Love the Nutro Kitten Soft Loaf though. Not sure if they're picky or something in the ingredients is off with Nutro Max Cat Kitten.
1900	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have spent more time sewing this toy up and fixing it due to busted and loose seems, ears and arms that fall off. My dog uses these toys to play fetch and to carry around, she does not pull at them to cause the stitching to fail. Very very poorly crafted toys. Certainly not worth the money.
With one cat it may not be worth the financial investment to have an automatic litter box ($100-150 US). It has added an hour to my life every day -- plus added to my cats' health and well-being. I consider it a very good purchase.
I have a reminder that tells me to get more medicine every month, and won't be without this. Best product for my area.
6483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it!  Probably not the highest quality ingredients, and I try and feed my cats grain-free most of the time.  But I'll still supplement that with good old Friskies because they're so fond of it.
642	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My grandson lives this.  He is 5 and he bounces all over the house. It's built sturdy thank goodness.
5717	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great mugs - last forever and got a new one for me!
pattie cook
2751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my puppy but the older dog took over so I got him a larger one.  Well they both still want what the other one has of course.  But both of these have lasted.  Usually my big dog would have it ripped to shreds by now.
Pros:

3463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product! With 2 Great Danes, these are soooo much better than those flimsy little blue bags! Highly recommend if you have big dogs..which means big messes :)
370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works very well on our lab.
8297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding
This is a good thing. Also, the cats seemed to settle down from their scratching and biting at fleas within just a few minutes. Last night was the first night in weeks that the cats have all rested peacefully. There were no signs of flea-dirt left in their usual sleeping spaces last night. I am very pleased indeed.
342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Feeling much better about walking my dog! These warning harnesses are such a good idea.
I used to scooping litters from the regular litter box. It's


9034	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I can't 100% say this was the reason but I should have done better research. Our cat just got home from the hospital due to having a urinary blockage. And for some reason even though Wellness brand is a great quality cat food, this brand has caused hundreds of pet owner's cats urinary problems. I only feel like this is true because our cat was doing great with his other food and then him being on this for a month and a half seems to have caused crystals in his bladder.
5191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Border Collie loves this so much, she chewed the handle down before it was completely out of the box!
6821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price, great quality ingredients.  I haven't tasted it and my dog will eat anything, so I can't vouch for that aspect.
7784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this food is great but I suggest you just buy one can first, too make sure your dog likes it. (because it is expensive, but... your dog is worth it
5692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These mitts retain the heat from the paraffin longer than ay others I've tried.  I have arthritis and paraffin dips for my hands and feet help tremendously.  Only problem, you need help putting them on if you want to dip both hands.  Expensive - yes.  Worth the price - I would say so if you want paraffin therapy for arthritis.
7436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So much easier to open then the 12oz can. Saves time and cuts.
4806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted. Perfect for way less than in the stores.

2638	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not worth the 5.50 I paid for it! There is no stuffing anywhere other than the head. The squeaker is also in the head. It has a fairly secure Velcro opening on its back to change out the squeaker. Squeaker is going to outlast the toy. It is falling apart already and he just got it yesterday. The fur on it is coming off and there are a couple loose strings.
2408	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Lasted a very short time...puppy chewed off the arms, nose and ears within a few hours!
4110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great balls- my dog loves them and as long as they don't linger too long in his mouth- they are durable. He wighs 103 lbs.
4484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh my gosh our dog loves this so much. Great price compared to some local stores and great quality. If you have a dog that enjoys to fetch then this must be a staple for you.
So, I returned that unit and nervously bought another of the small sized units like I originally had.  It works just fine.  Whew.  I was really sweating it thinking of having to daily scoop poo after 4 years of only thinking about poo weekly!

7586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats get most of their water through their food. This tends to help avoid kidney stones in domesticated cats. My cat is now alert, active, and normal weighted after leaving dry kibble behind.
4584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for those of us with an awful arm that get the disappointed look from our dogs when we don't throw the ball far enough.

5035	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used these for years, classic product with a simple design that just works. If you don't have one of these you need one.
9691	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good toy, always nice to have ones by Kong that are harder to destroy like this one.
6797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Don't try to scoop this stuff out! Ain't gonna happen! But there is a perfect resolution:
4069	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Willow is a serious chewer, she's a small Retriever mix and she's 9 months old.  These balls lasted much longer than the regular balls you'd find at the pet store.  She loves to peel the felt covering from the balls.  It seems like she chews them for a while to soften them up and then she begins to pull and peel the covering.  Then the regular balls split in half along their seam.  These balls are much harder to peel the felt off.  It took her over a month to get the skin off of the ball and when she finally did it didn't split in half.  The blue rubber stripe that swirls around the ball makes it a very sturdy ball.  I highly recommend these tennis balls.
5825	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love them and run around like puppies.
6630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Won't let my boy go without this now. He is a 9 year old cocker spaniel and, before this stiff, he was having obvious joint problems and seemed to be developing arthritis. He was in pain, hesitant, and slow to move. He wouldn't go up steps, walked slow and hung behind me on walks, etc. After just weeks on this, the difference was remarkable. No more pain...he is back to bouncing around like a puppy. It's been two months now with no recurrences.

4702	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this Chuckit! She is a very high energy dog who loves to run and LOVES chasing tennis balls. This thing is great because we can really launch the ball to great distances and our dog gets way more exercise and fun out of our play time. This works with both the Chuckit branded "medium" ball and regulation sized tennis balls.
4177	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought these balls thinking ... how bad can they be? Well, other reviewers are right ... they are really bad! My one year old German Shepherd went through one of them like it was one of those cheap foam 'stress reliever' balls. I have bought other chuck it products and have been very happy with them. ChuckIt should either stop making this product, or remove their name from it. Stay away from this product.
8277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	That homes in the border collie really like this product. Price could be a little more competitive or get the sales up on it. I love to getting this product when it was on subscribe and save but no longer since it's not on the program.

6086	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Such a great ramp for my two Goldens, aged 14 and 13. They went up it without hesitation the first time. It is heavy, but that is what makes it well made. I live at the coast and needed this to be rust proof.  There are a few parts that seem to be rusting but it's held up for at least four years without falling apart . I am using it for more than my car. After our daily walk on the beach, I clean my dogs up on my wood patio table.  I place the ramp on the edge of the table with no problem at all. My dogs scamper up and down it at will. Good rubberized surface for great traction. The underside that rests on the car bumper or my table is cushioned so no damage has occurred to either surface. It also folds, so after loading the dogs, I slip the ramp in next to them. They lay on it while traveling. For solving the problem of lifting older dogs into an SUV, this has been great. I should have purchased this years ago to save my back.
9519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The toy itself is fine. But, the cat never took to it.
4433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So much fun! And I don't have to touch a slimy tennis ball!
1019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great leashes for taking my big dogs for walks.  Gives them plenty of room to explore.  This is my second set.  The first ones still worked, but one was starting to show signs of difficulty on retracting.  I had the original leashes for about 5 years and used them almost every day for an hour or more each day.
1632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband got me the one with the straw as a surprise one day to help me drink more water.  It worked.  I used it so much the paint wore off the outside.  This will keep water cold all day even in a hot car.  I couldn't find anymore at Target, thank you Amazon!!
Well, when I saw this collection of three Kong toys (including yet a third Mr. Moose) I went for it. We intended to give him one toy at a time, but he got into the doggy box and pulled out all three and he was in doggy heaven.
6428	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We needed food in a pinch because we are having unusually nice weather.  By now it's cold, about 30-40 degrees, not 65-70.  So, I turned to Amazon to get something quickly.  This food was much less expensive than what we normally feed, so I was worried our 4 koi and many gold fish would be picky.  No such thing occurred!  Everyone came to the surface to eat and for their usual petting.  Thank you Hikari!
I did receive this product for free or discounted for my honest unbiased opinion. I am in no way affiliated with this company, nor am I under any obligation to give a good review. My reviews are based on my personal experience with the different products I review. I also shop on Amazon, and use reviews when doing so. I am as honest as I can be. If something changes, I do come back on here, and write what happened under the original review, and change the ratting. Thank you.
283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great collar.  Now I don't feel I have to explain about my Swee' Pea every time we go out!
5670	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Poor quality, looks like heavy duty neoprene in picture but is actually the like a cheap thin rain coat.
5641	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the Chuck-it products, Have the larger Chuck-it Jr as well.
8346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best puppy food there is. Even the Puppy wet food (chicken and barley) is very good and easy to digest. Also, my puppy loves these two (dry and wet) a lot more than 3 other high rated brands that I've tried.
6969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The bubbles arrived quickly and were exactly as described. Only downside is that my cats are terrified of bubbles. My dog, on the other hand, thinks they're amazing. All in all, it's still fun to use these. Just be care as the liquid is green. Some of it dripped on my cat tower and left a green spot.
6256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only brand of litter that I use for my rabbits. It absorbs really well (in comparison to some large chain store brands that I've purchased in the past) and a little goes a really long way.  I also like that despite it being fragranced, the smell is very light (bonus for my sensitive smelling buns ;-)
5662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First Impression: Someone gave me the Chuckit Ball Launcher as a gift. It seems to be for lazy humans. Fetch is not my favorite game, so we don't use this toy very often. However even Mom can make the ball go pretty far with the device. For the most part I just look at her like "Why did you throw the ball way over there?" then she goes and gets it for me. Don't get me wrong I like to chew on the ball... But why should I retrieve it? I'm not a retriever!
1697	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Maltipoo is addicted to this toy.  It's almost a security thing.  My pups have more toys than my kids did, yet he only cares about his Choppy!  Inexpensive, soft and cuddly.  Problem is the other two know it and are out to destroy!  I buy them all of the time.
2034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ohhhhh noooooo! Don't give to dog. I use in my soul sucking cubical to entertain the other peons.
1761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this,
1281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Jack Russell gets a crazed look on her face as soon as she hears the noise emitted by this toy.  Keeps her busy for hours.  But, it can be chewed, and she has destroyed a number of them.  Considering that, I like the internal construction.  The gigglers are inside very hard tubes, so although she managed to get inside the rubber exterior, she had a much harder time with the insides and it was easy to take the tubes away from her once she had exposed them.  She still likes the ball and carries it around like a prize.
It contains carrageenan, which is used as a cheap binder/filler in canned pet foods.  This is also often used in almond and coconut milk for humans, and research shows it may cause digestive and intestinal problems.
3666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these! So much better than plastic. No mess and easily decomposes.
4976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have always disliked playing fetch with my dogs because I get nauseous when I touch the spit/dirt covered ball. I saw this and I thought it was so silly. But I decided to order it after it sitting in my cart for a month and I LOVE it. It easily picks up the ball without even having to touch it, and it helps me to throw it far. I am a terrible pitcher and my dog loves that she can run more than 10 feet away to get it. I really recommend this. As a bonus, my new puppy LOVES chewing on it, especially the funny shaped ball end of it. Great for his teething. This thing is not just a gimmick or for lazy people, it really improves fetch-playing.
8816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness Complete has kept my indoor cat healthy for years . . .
1795	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not what I expected. I bought all 3. Mr Bill doesn't work. Lambchop is barely ok and the sock monkey is horrendous. It doesn't look right at all.
I like the fact that this product uses all-natural ingredients, so I feel I can give these to her as often as needed.  Instructions call for one wafer per 10 lbs.  I highly recommend this product.
you may think of.
1) Thick Poly bags with a black "Mitt" so you don't have to bare witness to the dirty deed.
9436	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Nature's Balance is best.  No chicken by-product blah blah, which my cat was allergic to. Saved my cat's life. They also have grain free.
3596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A very large bag with a reinforced bottom layer.  Is very good for cleaning up the yard as it can hold 2 to 4 messes in a single bag.  I am cleaning up after a 7 month old German Shorthaired Pointer so as to give you a perspective of the capacity of the bags.  Also these bags are packed such that they are stacked one on the other, no need to tear bags apart.  They are easy to separate at the top, no fumbling with thin plastic edges that will not come apart.
I am potty training my dogs so keeping them on a leash close to me in the house is really helpful. The waist belt is very comfortable and adjustable and I like that the leash detaches from the belt as well. The included waste bags are helpful to have on hand as well.
To help put the toy's size into perspective (and also to show just how attached my dog has become to Mr. Bill), I have uploaded a picture of Bill and doggy cuddling; it can be found in the Customer Images section on the right side of the product page alongside several other photos from very happy Bill owners.
989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband got me the one with the straw as a surprise one day to help me drink more water.  It worked.  I used it so much the paint wore off the outside.  This will keep water cold all day even in a hot car.  I couldn't find anymore at Target, thank you Amazon!!
8303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have used all the Diamond dog foods--from the time ours were puppies until now.  I also buy and ship it to my sons.  The dogs love the taste--they used to be picky until we found this brand.
8060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great deal for these treats. My dogs love them! I am storing the extra in an air tight container for when I need them. And may even donate a few to the local humane society.
2279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is so cute I hated to give it to my dog!!  Brought back childhood memories. My dachshund loves it. Has squeakers in each of the feet and in the tummy.
I've tried other , more expensive ( and I think better quality) brands but  she won't touch them because of the shape.
3306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only product I use on my pets as it works really good
9764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gives a full grown cat plenty of room and the high sides protect the area around the pan.
7341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Roxie, really is the 16 year old, human's best friend, Jack Russell Terr"or" that runs this household.  Roxie has input to my reviews, since she is the reason for a few of the products that I purchase on Amazon (cleaning supplies, paper towels, dog food, and hair dye due to the gray hairs she has given me over the years).  The 31st of December Roxie had emergency surgery that proved to be the end result of a 3 to 3.5 year problem she had been experiencing which no Vet had diagnosed until it came to a very ugly head.  Roxie survived, the Vet & Roxie's human are amazed and ecstatic.

4450	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this as do I. You can really chuck the tennis ball effortlessly. Saves wear and tear on your arm.
5721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great item
514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog (maltese) loves them.  I do not buy them often because of price
8378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have 4 of these dinosaur chews and all of my dogs love it.  It holds up very well for heavy chewers.
4276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What's not to like about a Chuckit!?  My dogs would play ball 24/7 if they could ....
Mind blown.
2696	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Dog does not play with it
I had 18, 19 and 20 year old cats, feral cats, shy cats and nervous cats all learn to use the box in one week with no problems. I laugh -- one cat I have insists on coming back inside to use the Littermaid. He was a neighbors cat and disappeared when he was a year old. He returned a year later and adopted me. He spent a year in the woods, but, by hokies, he is going to use his own special, automatic poopy-scooper box now.
1017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	4.5 stars if i could give half stars.  I was looking for a large enough bag, with as much privacy possible.  This bag has 2 side panels that you can roll up to allow more visibility, or keep down to allow minimal visibility.  It's roomy inside enough for my 17-lb french bulldog puppy.  The one complaint that i have about this bag is that the shoulder strap is not cushioned, and the rubber part should stay in the middle of the strap to provide minimal cushioning, but it slides off to the end and the strap easily slides, which creates a longer strap than i can handle( (I'm only 5'2").  after a few seconds, the lack of cushioning on the shoulder strap really creates a burn in my shoulder when I have to lug my puppy around.
8678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product it has my German Shepherd puppy seal of approval!
5548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is really active and I call this my "life savor" because when I have it she will do practically anything to get me to chuck it too her. As a girl I never learned how to throw a ball far enough for the dog to get a good run out of it.
2895	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
9525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I always buy this so I'm not sure what to write! Great product!
by Nutri-Vet Wellness after X-rays showed calcium build up along her spine. . My Doberman had been X-ray for hip dysplasia and a full body scan after she came down with a unknown illness that left her almost unable to walk without yelping. Long story short. She is fully healed with no reason for what caused all the problems that eventually led up to the lympnodes in her throat swelling, after the veterinary preformed a operation for a biopsy on her throat. (No cancer) A week later the lump disappeared. This all happened in less than 6 weeks. My Doberman last almost 10 pounds. Before her unknown illness we were walking a average of 4 1/2 miles a day. During her illness we rarely walked and when we did, it would be a very short and slow walk. The veterinary started her on Rimadyl, the prescription medicine helped but I wanted a natural alternate way to help my Doberman. That's when I started her on the tablets, but anyone who has a stubborn dog knows what it's like to give their previous animal a pill who refuses to take the pill in a treat or crushed up into food. 'Nope Nope Momma..do you think I'm stupid I can smell the medicine' (that's my dog talking)  I have to stuff the huge 2 pills down her throat twice a day and give her a treat afterwards Now I started giving her 1 Nutri-vet hip and joint treat after her 1 Nutri-Vet pill instead of 2. My Doberman loves the taste of the treat without knowing its her medicine.
970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cockapoo loves this beef treat!  It is healthy and is soft.  I add half of one to his breakfast and dinner.  He loves it!  Highly recommend.  One word of advice....I order the 5 pack of both the beef flavor and the chicken flavor.  The expiration on the 5 packs of beef is in April.  While I have until October regarding the Chicken flavor.  So make sure before ordering in bulk that you will be able to use it up before expiration date.
2611	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my brothers dogs, but his wife loved it so much she won't let them touch it.

6274	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I am not sure what is going on exactly. My 3 Pit Bulls love Purina Pro Plan, but this batch/bag they will not touch, they smell it and walk away. Expiration is 10/2018, so it should still be good? I googled to see if there is any recalls, but could not find any. I would like to know how Amazon is storing their dry dog food brands? Does anyone else have this problem?
6999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great food for my dog. The price is right too.
3085	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I recently bought the Buddy System, after giving it to a friend with two australian shepherds and receiving her rave reviews of it. She recommends using a splitter at the end of the leash rather than buying the extra buddy. the extra buddy makes it difficult when two dogs go in two different directions. The splitter makes them move more in tandem.
8222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food, and it's really the best price per OZ I could find.

8809	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have my dog on a strict limited ingredient, grain free diet (due to chronic skin rashes and itching) which includes a salmon based dry food, salmon oil, and now these sweet potato/fish treats. She loves them! And they smell delicious even from a human standpoint - no fishy smell. More like jerky. My dog is a medium/large breed (60lbs) and the treats are a good size for her. Not too big or small. I am happy to have found a treat that I feel comfortable feeding her that she really likes. The subscribe and save option is awesome for us. The price is way lower than you can get even at the local pet store, and it is an easy way to make sure we always have them on hand.
3333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great to keep the fleas away!!
5800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	You have to have a plug in that is high enough of the floor to keep the dogs tail from knocking the glass off. (That's if you have a dog like I do) Otherwise, it's awesome, pretty bright though, can almost be used as a lamp to light up a whole room. You sure this is on a 30W? It lights up my laundry room like a 50 watt bulb would.

6073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the fact that it is rubberized with ridges.  My dog does not slip at all. I also love the width of the ramp.  It it approx 18 inches wide.  Frankly, i cannot imagine trying to use a more narrow ramp.  I am having  to train my dog on this ramp and she is terrified but with me holding her collar, she goes up and down it with no problem - just nerves.  It is only a matter of time before she does it by herself..  If the ramp was narrower, it would have been impossible to use.  The wider width helps prevent her from seeing down to the ground and being tempted to jump off and risk injury.  Although i plan to use this for the car,  I have been experimenting using this for my 35 inch high bed and find it to be very very stable to use as a ramp for beds.  My only comment is that for this very high bed,  the ramp is a little steep and i definitely have to supervise my dog who is preferring to jump off that bed rather than use the ramp.  A longer ramp might be better for this height but it is still doable as long as i hold her collar.
3070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Lets me have use of my hands. Great idea. Just be careful of tangling if you run more than one dog.
1738	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Immediately destroyed after 30 minutes of play.
3815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly as it states it will!
8763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for rabbits litter box nice size easy to rinse off
6389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Despite there being a couple of ingredients that I wasn't so sure/happy about, this food was a hit with three of our four dogs. Not as much of a hit as the beef and rice, though. Our one very fussy dog did not take to this, which wasn't a surprise since she's not a big fan of dry food.
Edit 1/16/17: Sprinkles still loves her new food as indicated by her increased waist line!
8490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is an excellent product, but be sure to check the dimensions well, before ordering.  I eye-balled the dimensions and ended up with a box that was too big for my cat.  No problem, as I gave it away to a friend, but just a friendly suggestion for future buyers - check the size!
9044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great dog food.  Feeding two puppies.  Kibble is small enough too for my 4 lb 7 oz and 6 lb and 2 oz pups.
I shopped around and Amazon had the best price. So really the only thing bugging me was the mishandling of the shipping.

Lambchop is very well made.  She has to be to withstand the daily tumbles she has to endure with the puppy.  Not one seam has come loose, nothing except she's beginning to look pretty grungy and I'm not so sure about touching her any more without washing my hands afterward.  I've ordered some stuffed animal cleaner and sure hopes it works.
My Rottie is only about three years old but she is having problems with her joints.  She has inflammatory bowel disease, so she is on a high dose of prednisone to suppress her symptoms.  Unfortunately, this high dose of prednisone has resulted in a significant loss of muscle mass (over 10 pounds lost).  This resulting loss in muscle mass has made her knees less stable.  She had a torn CCL (a ligament equivalent, basically, to the ACL in a human) in one knee and she tore the CCL in her other knee by overusing the "good" knee.  So she has a whole host of problems to deal with.  Plus, I just moved into a house a few weeks ago, and it has some kind of steep front steps.  My dog is having a lot of trouble negotiating these steps, especially with her knee injuries.  So I wanted a ramp to make it easier on her.

2241	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this toy. Comes with 5 squeakers (one in each foot, and one in the body).
9202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pug puppy seems to love it.. Yet she also likes eating guinea pig poop, hay & all of their veggies... So she may not be that picky.
5335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Normal sized tennis balls fit nicely in this dog toy.  Our Border Collie has boundless energy and this thing tosses the ball quite a ways and gives him a good run.  Love it!
4298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well how the old story goes, you cant get enough of a good thing. After ordering the Chuckit (which came with only one (1) ball, I knew that I would need some back up! Dogs love the game, and in time, I am sure i will figure out how to throw better!

Only 4 star review because I would rather have an 8 hour setting instead of a 6 hour setting. Also, don't use it for canned food, even with the freeze tray-it just gets gross.
4270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I was surprised at how much my small (18 pound) poodle likes this ball.  I thought it might be too big for her.  She loves to chase it and has picked up enough of the ball fuzz with her front teeth that she carries it by the fuzz.  A nice dog toy.  It will definitely get slobbery and soaked if a big dog plays with it, or if it goes into water.
161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It is affordable, beautiful and there is room to write my appointments for each day of the month.  Also, it is light so I can carry it in my purse all the time.

2128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This Lampchop is very cute with a squeaker in each foot. My puppy loves this one.
8131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog loves it but a lot smaller than I expected.

5763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now, I wasn't sure what I was getting when I ordered this.  I stumbled on a discount code and thought I could always use another bag right?  This bag is made entirely of that fantastically heavy mesh and has sooo many pockets all the way around I almost drooled.  I'm an artsy person and am often packing art supplies, especially stained glass stuff.

5217	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Yes, it throws the ball very far, and it saves my arm, but the balls get destroyed quickly, and it can be dangerous for dogs to choke on tennis balls anyway. I'd suggest a solid ball that can't collapse when chewed then re pop-out in the throat.
5819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our older dogs needed some extra help and we tried these, along with high quality food with added glucosamine and chondroitin.... our dogs love these and help by giving them that extra boost.  Used just like any dog treat, they eat them right up.  Highly recommend these for any dog with hip issues from getting older.  Definitely help.
25	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'VE OWNED AND TRAINED DOGS FOR 20 YEARS AND HAVE USED MANY DIFFERENT NON ABUSIVE METHODS TO WORK WITH PROBLEM DOGS,  AND I BELIEVE CESARS APPROACH IS NOT ONLY THE MOST SIMPLE AND HUMANE BUT IT WORKS.  HE SHOWS HOW SIMPLE CORRECTIONS CAN BRING ABOUT INSTANT RESULTS WITHOUT HAVING TO BE AGGRESSIVE OR ABUSIVE TO THE ANIMAL.  I'M NOT SURE WHAT BOOK OR PROGRAM THE OTHER REVIEWER IS WATCHING, BECAUSE ANYONE WHO IS CONSISTENT WITH CESARS TECHNIQUES WILL GET THE DESIRED RESULTS.  I'VE WATCHED HIS PROGRAM SINCE THE BEGINNING AND HAVE ADDED HIS BOOK TO THE MANY OTHERS I REFER TO IN MY WORK.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIS BOOK TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO HAVE A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF THEIR DOG!!
8385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I often struggle to find time to get over to buy a high-quality pet food at my local 'big box' pet store... no problem with Amazon Prime!  33#'s of great ProPac food delivered to my doorstep within 48-hours.  My full-blood mutt LOVES this stuff and I'm happy with it based upon the 'end' product and digestive ability.  Her coat shines and she's a happy pooch.
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
The squeakers are good and for the most part quiet.  There are mini squeakers in each foot and a big one in the middle.

338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Caution harness is exactly what I was looking for. My dog is very timid when people are around. Most people approach dogs without asking and this is the perfect way to let people know they should proceed with "caution". The letters are big and noticeable, exactly what I was looking for!
6494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	happy dog
5737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works on wine and olive oil. May pop off on fizzy products
8967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not a big hit with my cats, especially if cold.  The oldest cat sometimes leaves it even if not cold but the youngest kindly finishes it for her, eventually, at least when it warms up.  Since they have  all-day access to kibble (Blue Buffalo) and mice and squirrels I don't worry about it, and just give them a tablespoon full or so, for variety.  Note:  All three absolutely refused the chicken flavor.
3049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog, Charlie is a rescued Service Dog that we adopted. I wanted a dog that I could use as a Therapy Dog. I saw this on Dr. Sophia Yin's website [...] who is another dog behaviorist/vet favorite of mine. I was really impressed with what she was teaching and how she used this leash. So I decided to give it a try. Now it's the only one I use.

This is so much easier on her knees, and I love that she can't slip.
3368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I also thought it was cute that the picture on the box looks like my cat too---no seriously, this product works and I've never personally had a problem with it on any of my cats. As usual, do be careful what you put on your pet.
3528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are wonderful. They have a really nice and convenient hand scooping feature and I feel pretty good knowing there is a relatively thick layer between my hand and the feces.
5050	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my arms does not get tired anymore
7021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We just got a puppy and wanted to start her out on the right diet! She loves it and is growing like a weed!!
5773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very cute!!
To get your cats to accept it very fast: set it up with litter beside your present box, but leave it unplugged. Manually scoop it for a day or so. Be diligent. Don't scoop the old box at all. Then, plug the Littermaid in, and turn on the switch on to rake, and off when done. Do this for a day or so. Then start leaving the switch on for a few hours and off for a few hours. If the cats go in the Littermaid while the switch is off, go turn it on after they are done and admire their progress. Continue to keep the Littermaid clean all week and leave the old box smelly. The cats naturally prefer a clean box.
2744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my yorkies.  They are barely 5 and 5.5 lbs.  Normally, KONG toys are my go to dependable and durable brand.  I usually recommend them highly to the dog people who ask me which toys I think are best.  This bear didn't last as long as other KONG teddy bears we have purchased in the past.  My younger dog had it eaten in about 2 days.  The bottom half is missing.  He IS rough on toys.  His favorite is a KONG frisbee that is nearly indestructible.  He loves to fetch.  He loves to chew.  He is in love and it is holding up great. His mother is easier on toys and she had the same KONG bear for years without destroying it.  The original bear has survived the younger dog too and is still kicking around.  I was a bit surprised that this new one is going in the trash already.  The materials do seem a bit different.  Have the standards dropped a little?  At least there wasn't stuffing all over the place when it got destroyed.  Maybe I just got a dud.  I only got one.  With a sample size of 1, I'll suspend judgement.  Next time I'll order a few of them and see if it was just one poorly assembled bear or if they KONG standard has slipped.
costing me a small fortune in litter. I bought a bag of Yesterday's

-You don't have to pick up slobbery balls anymore. It's gross and unhygienic to pick up balls dripping with not only your dog's drool, but also whatever it lands on in the park. It could land on wet grass trodden on a million times by other dogs and shoes. Who knows where they've been. Or on gravel or sand or a wet muddy puddle from yesterday. Or a pile of dog crap. Eff all that, just use the chuckit to scoop it up and keep your own hands clean!
203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Whoever invented clicker training is a genius.
Can you say 'Lack of motivation...dude."?  *Sigh*
7845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After researching dog foods, I went with Wellness core and my little dog loves it!! I feed Wellness core and put 1/2 can of the canned in with it and am so pleased that my dog begs for "mealtime".
4495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!  My young doberman needs a LOT of exercise and this toy really helps.  I can throw the ball at least 3 times farther and he love racing after it full speed.  There is the added benefit of being able to scoop the ball off the ground (I taught him to "Drop it") and not have to pick up muddy, slimy, icy balls with my hand.  On these dark winter days I can get close to wearing him out in just 20 minutes.  We may have to invest in one of the glow-in-the-dark versions.  Well worth the money!
5764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I got this for the gym to keep in my locker and be able to grab all at once for the shower. It is a great bag, but I wish the explanation of it was better. It has a total of 8 outside pockets. As you go around it there are 2 large, 2 medium, 2 large and 2 medium pockets. Then there is the very large area in the middle (they show a towel in it if I remember correctly). My only 'con' for it is that there is not a small sleeve to hold a toothbrush and it could use a 'pocket' in the middle area for small items (place to put my earrings while I swim).  It does hold quite a bit and the pockets are plenty big enough to hold full size bottles of shampoo etc. Handles are nice and sturdy; easy to carry.
7533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This dog food met all my expectations and the dogs inhale it. Even after just a couple of weeks, every dog's skin and coat had improved significantly. Ninety percent of the rescues I take in arrive with skin issues. Putting high quality canned food back into their diets is important for them.
4429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great buy! The best Chuckit you can get as far as size, no matter how short or tall you are.

7289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the product but my dogs don't... go figure.
6446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought for a kitty that had surgery. It worked fine, but will go back to regular litter that works with a self cleaning litter box.
9978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves these treats
2807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My recently adopted 2 year old 6lb yorkie would not play with any toys, even the ones brought with him, until I bought this toy. He absolutely loves it. He throws it around and then fetches it. I bought one to start with and then ordered three more. Since playing with this smaller toy, he has even started playing with some larger ones. If your small dog does not like toys, I would recommend you try this one. It is a perfect size for their little mouths.

1850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Chihuahua chewed the back legs off his original Lambchop. This one is not made as well and the face was destroyed within minutes of him having it. Good for a dog that doesn't chew or tug.
2729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really, really small but great for the money!  My yorkie took to this right away!
1629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We like Eukanuba.  We feed this brand to our dog and two cats.  I normally buy the Sensitive Stomach instead of this bag but decided to try it because it was cheaper.  My cat ended up barfing up hair balls so back to the Sensitive Stomach.  Otherwise they ate this and never complained.
Great buy

2064	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	haha super funny toy, my dog goes crazy for mr bill
3007	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best leash ever!  I am a dog trainer and like to have my hands free for my clicker and offering treats.  This leash is perfect.  Having the dog attached to my waist also gives me better stability should a dog try to chase after another animal.
They use a LOT of batteries - the 9 volts die after 2-3 weeks (so you have to keep a *close* eye on it), and they turn very slowly because of the weak, poorly designed motor. They both died within about 6 months, and I had to replace them.
421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ive been using these collars for a few years now on my lab and coonhound, and they're very effective, durable and long-lasting. For us, its a much better product than the back applicators ...I don't have to worry about them rubbing themselves on the furniture or carpet to get it off.
7568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Miss Fussy tummy likes this mix of chunks and gravy the very best of all we've tried. I like to mix her up a bit with different brands, but this is the one that she always cleans the plate up with. Every time, no matter which of the flavors I get her.
2761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this and stuffed it with a small classic Kong toy, and it's been lasting for over 2 months! If your dog shreds dog toys leaving stuffing spread all over the floor, this may work out better as long as they don't go after the squeaker in the head. My dogs left it alone so far for an unknown reason while they usually tear apart and dig out squeaker placed in the torso with stuffings in other toys.
5345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This works really well! Sadly, my dog has no interest in playing fetch... but we're working on it with him.
5390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use etc etc.  Recommend you buy the plastic balls that don't come with this launcher.  Much cleaner and more durable.
8389	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat didn't really like these. Sort of a waste.
6441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have tried a lot of dog food and I our Pug and Shitzu went crazy with the Pro Plan shredded blend chicken and rice formula.  The first day, they literally kept eating their bowl of food unlike others where they eat some and then stop.

-The rubber feet at the top seemed to hold well.

directions are "Give half a bone twice a day for every 40lbs of body weight", so if your dog is less than 40lbs these probably aren't for you.
8329	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Other than that this isn't raw (which is what I prefer for my cat), this is great.  It has a consistency slightly coarser than pate.  It actually smells good, is made with human grade foods, contains no grain, and my cat loves it.  He doesn't like much, but loves this turkey and the Wellness canned kitten food. This actually smells yummy when I open it.  Maybe it's because turkey is my favorite food and I'm a natural carnivore who is trying really hard to be vegan for humane reasons.
995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little fat maltese didn't fit into his old carrier anymore, and we went to PETCO to shop around and being the dramatic dog he has always been, he went ballistic and hopped into this one at the store and wouldn't get out and he is very obedient to me. So since he was whining I as his loving pack leader ordered it for him for half the price from here, thank you so much. I love this bag, I can choose to keep him covered or if it's cold I can block out the elements with ease and no one has a clue I'm carrying a dog, perfect!
5144	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it. It's small and works great.
2002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite toy!
UPDATE: JAN. 19. 2016
5362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome product. Our dog gets more exercise now that we can throw the ball twice as far, plus we're not having to touch the gross ball after it's rolled through the mud and water.
3654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best product.  I hate trying to open those cheap, tiny bags, especially in winter when my hands are so dry I need to almost spit on my fingers to open the bag, all the while standing there freezing my butt off.  These are sturdy and you can't see the waste inside the black bottom.  My only gripe it the price.  So, I bought some for use in the winter. Alternatively, I have often opened a few cheapo bags ahead of time in the doggy drawer so I can just grab and go.

So, in other words, I highly recommend it!  I'd give it a solid 5 stars if the fleece mat was thicker and more hellcat-proof.
3. Post-surgery safe
I emailed them twice and they never answered me back.  They have not reached out to me now  over a month later. They have refused up until now to give me back the vet bills i paid. They have not recalled their food . I do not know if they have in fact quality checked it but the picture i have sent showing them the bones in the food have not generated any interest of this writing.
8262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy's friend had a "communal dinosaur" that was one of the toys all the dogs could share at puppy play dates and our pup loved it so much we got him his own. Still one of his favorite ones. The nylabones hold up so well, even for heavy chewers and through teething.
2578	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Snarfie loves this thing.  The Oh No sound freaks him out and he pounces on poor Mr. Bill.  The toy is actually holding up well.  Unlike the squeaker toys that go silient after about a week we've had this since Christmas and Mr. Bill is still bitchin' about his circumstances.
6672	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	had to add dish-soap to make it actually blow bubbles
7265	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Something has changed in the formula.
Note: it's hard to tell it's actually "on" at first. When you figure out how to get to the batteries & put them in, turn it on and keep an eye on the green light. It doesn't light up continuously, but blinks periodically instead. Just FYI...I thought it wasn't on because the batteries were bad. LOL.
1451	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My daughter "needed" a stuffed peacock for Xmas.  How could I say no?  Had no idea I'd actually be able to find one, nonetheless find one as nice and appealing as this one.  She loves it
3179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I give my 110lbs German Shepard only 2-3 every once in a while and I believe they calm her down, she gets anxious with heavy winds, thunderstorms, fireworks or alot of company is overwhelming.
7602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nylabones are the best for dogs that love to chew

5354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 Australian Cattle Dogs who love to have us throw this for them.  I have have trouble throwing a ball and picking it up over and over and over again. The ChuckIt! Ball Launcher solves both those problems.  It's so easy to toss the ball a long distance and pick it up and repeat. One of my dogs LOVES this toy. He will chase the ball & bring it back to me until he drops the ball, lies down on top of it and rests until he's ready to go again.
7462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog is in love with this food!  She even eats her dry food when I mix it in with this!  I'm very pleased.
5565	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With this ball launcher, it is easy to really get our lab to run. The ball easily goes 200+ feet. Even the kids can get the ball to go 100+ feet. And it is so nice not having to pick up the slobery ball.
5747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these glasses.  They are quite sturdy.  The texture combined with the color gives these a unique look and they work well as a casual glass or dressed up!
505	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered 3 containers and they are mostly dust.  Do not order.
6112	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my aging 26-lb. dog who was having trouble climbing the steps from my back yard to the porch.  There are only two steps, so the ramp angle is too shallow for the top edge to rest flush against the porch as pictured, but the rubber along the front edge still grips the porch securely and I have had no problems.  I bought this two months ago as a permanent outdoor fixture and so far it has endured a variety of weather conditions, including rain and snow.  Only time will tell if it can withstand a Texas summer, but so far it seems very durable.
7856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have dachshunds who regularly destroy toys made for dogs who are strong chewers.  They love these Nylabones.  They can chew and chew on them without me having to worry that they are going to break off a piece and choke.  Love these - have ordered them again, and will continue ordering them for my heavy chewers!
6415	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This dog food looked good - not a lot of kibble "dust" from broken pieces and it smelled fine. I saw absolutely no evidence of any bugs or anything like that and I dumped the entire bag out on a piece of plastic tarp before I fed any of it to my dog.
8273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves it and I feel like she's getting a quality food.
Thus, I am not happy with the purchase.
6371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My one cat has had many issues with UTI's and crystals, even to the point of needing PU SURGERY (look it up, it's serious and crazy expensive)! I switched vets when I moved, and when I took my cat in for yet another UTI, the Dr. recommended I change my litter to this stuff. I liked it okay, and my cat didn't get any further UTI's, but I went back to the other kind (precious cat) at some point, because the paper stuff was getting expensive, and clay litter is easier to scoop. It's also easier to see when it's clean or needs replacing.
928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys are 13 and 12 yrs old so this stuff is like a miracle worker.  They run and play like young pups without the pain they would normally have with out the expensive vet meds.
264	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cats are fussy  They wouldn't even touch it
672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift for a beach camping trip for adults and it was a hit
5810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you've never tried the ratchet system, you don't know what you're missing! It may sound too good to be true, but this lopper enables me to cut branches that would otherwise be too hard for me to do. The ratchet system really saves strain on the tendons, muscles and joints. Bought my first one about 20 years ago (they last forever!), and I would NEVER go back to the old type of loppers! Let the ratchet do the work for you (read the directions so you understand the process; otherwise, you might be overriding the system that does all the work for you).
4416	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it.
7381	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Though I bought chicken and sweet potatoes, the dog food smells like fish.  It stunk up the whole area of the dog bowl and got on my fingers from serving it which made my hands stink till I washed them.  My dog loved the dog food but I couldn't stand the smell.
9013	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog chewed this, then the bone tore to tiny little blue dots all over the house. Not safe for a dog that actually chews.
5622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This ball launcher is good and is suitable for use with Planet Dog orbee Medium size ball. The ball that comes with it is useless though. It broker within 1 minute with my dog
6571	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I use this litter and have for years. Well, the cat uses it, I just buy it. I inadvertently bought the scented version. I initially thought that it didn't smell too bad and maybe since it's so much less expensive I'll keep using it. I dumped it in the plastic tote I keep the litter in and closed the top. Out of the bag, and enclosed, the scent got stronger and stronger. In the enclosed litter box I thought I might be hurting George with the smell, it was so strong. I dumped the litter and I washed his box and the tote and set them in the sun. They both still have that lingering scent. DON'T buy the scented Yesterday's News - DO buy the regular kind. :)
5566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My family adopted a Golden Retriever who loves to fetch.  Problem is she's a slobbery mess, and I hated touching the balls.  I also can't throw very far when compared to how fast she runs, so games were short, and she wasn't exercising her full potential.
8407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I stock up on these multi packs when I know bad weather's coming.  I live in S.E. Massachusetts.  So, it's either hurricanes for summer or nor'easters for winter.  That's when these come in handy when I can't get to the store as readily as I want.  The flavors are what I refer to as "basic" flavors.  My flock likes all three.
9647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a litter box.  Does what it's supposed to.
282	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have three rescue dogs; one of which is actually friendly!
He loves these treats, and I love seeing my dog happy. I'd highly recommend these, especially for the price..
If the machine is on autopilot and repeating its cycles, that almost always means you have too much litter in the box.  In the case of large or older cats with kidney dysfunction, it MIGHT mean the clump is too large for the device to move efficiently.  The machine then returns to starting position and begins the cycle again.  Presumably, the engineers were betting that the move/restart/reimpact approach would help to break down larger clumps.  If you have this problem, I highly recommend switching to manual mode, as I have done, rather than giving up on the machine.
9311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I wish the box was just a bit bigger and the interior sides were smooth with out a ridge.  Other than that it works great.
6223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This bag will last me forever!! I only use a tiny scoop to mix with wet dog food. My dog doesnt seem to like to eat this dry, but she may just not like dry dog food. I will be buying this from amazon again!
2808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Looks to be well made. My Peke won' touch it.

6345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best price I've found anywhere and it's shipped right to my door. I have trouble lifting heavy items, so this saves my back!
2900	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality, will buy from again, thank you so much!!!
3387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i used this in conjunction with a ton of other things to finally rid my poor ferret and cat of fleas. had to use over a period of time but finally kicked in.
4409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's favorite.
4037	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to donate to the dog park. Within two days the other dogs had ripped them to pieces. I am prone to blame the owners for not monitoring their use, but just be aware that these balls aren't mean to be chewed!!! They're for fetch and chase only!
37	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am such a huge Cesar fan, and this was worth every penny, he is a godsend
349	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It only took a week until our lab had managed to scratch his collar off and now I have no protection for him. And I am out all that money. I guess I will go back to Frontline. I never had this problem with the other tick collar I used to use but they quit making it. Very disappointed. I followed the instructions exactly when putting it on.
5884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not sure if they help because I give my 14 year old Pup additional glucosamine as well but he loves them so I keep buying them!!!
6417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The manufacturer is quite proud of the nutritional value of this product, and I have no reason to doubt them.  I also have no way to check their claims, so I will report on what I do know.  Whenever we try a new variety of dog food, there can be issues.  First, the dogs may not like it.  Second, the change my cause digestive upset manifested by diarrhea, etc.  Neither of these was an issue with this food.  No digestive problems are happening, and the dogs seem to really like it.  I think that's all I can ask for in dog food.
7217	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two-year-old boxer-pit still chews on both of these we got when he was 10 weeks old. He is a BIG CHEWER, and these still live on, don't break off in big chunks.
I personally have not noticed any change to our dog's stools, because I know other dog food has made them poop like crazy but in the case of the Pro Plan, I have not seen this problem.  Nor have I seen them react with any allergic reaction to the dog food.
1493	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Reading reviews, I'm sure this functions fine.  I purchased after reading on other sites, that this would be a good replacement for the Fluval Spec V pump, but it doesn't fit in the pump's slot, soooo....I wound up replacing with a Fluval Spec pump, and just holding onto this as an emergency backup.
8502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats are not complaining - prices do change and need to be checked before re-order.

1824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun dog toy. At first our terrier/poodle/beagle mix Toto was afraid of Mr Bill when it spoke "Oh No!" but after about a week he's become his favorite toy :) So far no damage, so we're quite pleased! Highly recommend :)
9995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The classic pate. Why deviate from good old cat food?

4357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckits are great! Good price on this one!
8459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I only wish it was organic, i cant find any organic wet kitten food ?
6693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Use it for my rabbit's litter box and she loves it.  I love it too because it doesn't smell or get dust everywhere.
7749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a senior cat who has been having issues with colitis and is allergic to fish (sort of ironic) so our Vet suggested we try the Wellness Kitten brand since it does not  contain any fish products in it to help maintain his weight. I have purchased this several times in store and on Amazon and have not had any issues with quality control like others have mentioned but am keeping an eye out.
I would recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that is heavy, bulky, leg problems, or the owner cannot lift the dog into the vehicle.  Great product...does what it says it will do and seems that it will outlast many others in quality.
9742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this stuff !
8484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good,  my cat flies now
7262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Besides random recall, shortage, and price hike, the cat likes it and it is a decent quality.
If you're not careful youll break more of the frame trying to zip the plastic cover over it. I have found that it is NOT worth the fight to try to zip it up at all. After 2 weeks and reassembling the thing every time I took it apart, along with more pipes breaking,  I found that it works best if you throw away most of the frame and only use the bottom frame with a few upright frame pipes and gently lay the top over that. It looks like garbage but it still keeps the initial smell down after the cat does her duty.
7815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are one of the few chew toys my dogs will actually play with. I think it's the little nubs all over the toy. They have been able to chew off quite a bit of the stegosaurus, but the T-Rex lasts much longer. Just be careful to pick these up when your dog is done - they really hurt if you step on them!
6879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is, by far, my cat's favorite toy.  I gave one to my sister, who has a cat, too.  She said her cat loves it also.
2737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I chose this for the size of it, I have a small Chihuahua puppy, it's just the right size for her, she absolutely loves it bc everyone should have a teddy bear....right??
2498	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is her second Mr. Bill. She loved the first one, but eventually chewed open the back and removed the battery pack. The three button batteries are a definite hazard for pets, so I only let her play with Mr. Bill under supervision.
The bottom line for me is it is a very good quality dog food and my dogs love it.
5262	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had one for years until I ran over it with my tractor
- LONG SHELF LIFE

55	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice book. Can't wait to try these recipes
Pros: Already chopped up, better taste, About $10 for a 24 pack using Subscribe and Save with a 15% discount
497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchase this item for all my dogs.  I would not trust anything else.
4597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog absolutely LOVES this invention. Hell, who am I kidding,  I love this invention! The only reason I gave this 4 stars, is because my dog destroyed the Chuck-It ball within the first week-or-so of having it. Bright side was~ the KONG brand indestructible balls fit the Large Chuck-Its,  so now I use the two together!!  It's perfect!
9360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs really love it
chicken filet in gravy and the senior salmon. I  have tried a lot of other brands over the years, but always come back
6620	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	No dust. Yeah.  House smells like cat poop, even when scooping TWICE A DAY for my kitten. ICK!  My husband, who cannot smell anything...even smells cat poo. YUCK!  I only used it for my post surgery kitten.  I will be happy to go back to clumping, heavy, dusty cat litter.  At least my house didn't smell horrid.  P.S.  We also have carbon filters on the litter boxes and an electric air cleaner and it still smells bad.  FYI No diet changes...only change is the litter.  I do NOT recommend it unless you HAVE to use it.  I'm just grateful my cat will use it for right now and has not blessed our floor with poo or pee.
9243	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat thinks this food is puuurfect!
7915	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I received the T-Rex shaped one. My dog love chewing on it and hasn't managed to break off any large pieces.


711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love to run and have a standard poodle who runs with me.  It is hard to hold the leash when I run, but now I don't have to.  This thing is perfect and I can run naturally and he can come along with me.  Highly recommend!
7165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My four year old orange tabby loves this. His litter box habits are great and I don't notice any significant odors. He's a very healthy boy.
ETA: I contacted Nutro to explain how my cat won't eat it and they have a guarantee and will refund my purchase price. Fantastic company and customer service!

2923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My small dogs love these in fact I threw out all their older bigger stuffed toys and now only keep these
7147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	kitties like it!
2915	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy.  I have Yorkies.  One of them carries this around the house with her.  We have them all over the house. They are hard to find in the store so I stocked up to make sure she has her favorite toy handy.

2946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He is 5 1/4 pounds so this is the perfect size for him.  It has a squeaky which he loves.  Seems very durable.
8050	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both puppies love this. Nice bumpy surface for chewing and gnawing.

6335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product -- highly recommend

4832	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works great to help my daughter straighten out her softball swing... Who would have thought?
9052	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats loved it.
1804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought a couple of these now. They are cheap enough that when the dog destroys them it isn't a huge deal
891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When you order a plush toy from the Jellycat brand, you ALWAYS get what you pay for, so no price is unfair. I started collecting the bunnies a couple years ago when I came across them in the store. I thought they were the cutest things I've seen in a while and it's been a wrap ever since.
5883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buddy loves them and he seems more mobile.

83	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got two for my backyard to hang on the fence.  They look great there!!  THanks!!
9350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price for this dog good. My puppies love it

4207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great buy

1176	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Owning a cat just doesn't get any easier.  If I forget to clean the box for a day, no problem; it has been raked into a receptacle for me.  I just add litter every so often and empty the receptacle twice a week.  I do dismantle and wash the base monthly.  This litterbox frees me to leave for several days without guilt. If the caretaker misses a day, no problem.  I highly recommend this for any household with a litterbox.
1602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Miss Bluebird knows that sometimes you just can't make it when sending Christmas cards out and she says these are wonderful to have.
4982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog loses his mind when he sees this thing. His happiness is my happiness. Throws the ball farther than I ever could, an incredible invention.

5584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sadly, my dog isn't into chasing things and I had hoped this toy would get her excited about it but no such luck (that's a "manufacturing issue" with my dog moreso than this product!). The chuck-it! works exactly as advertised, no complaints there!
4456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. well worth it.
1582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only food my Ragdolls will eat......at 10 years old their coats are gorgeous and silky smooth. My cats are healthy and happy. I can no longer find Eukanuba locally so thank goodness I can order it from Amazon.
3209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	excellent product; will order again
5790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	While these corn holders don't offer the best grip ever, they are a little bigger and sturdier than the standard cheap holders that I had previously. They've also been put through the dishwasher in the cutlery bin without incident, which is critical to me for easy clean up.
8610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a high quality, grain-free cat food that my cats enjoy.  My only complaint is that the can does not have a pop-off lid, as most other brand current cat food cans do.  And the lid is a hard one to open with an opener.  It snags badly in two places and takes a lot of back and forth with the opener to get the lid free.
4776	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	stronger plastic then my other 2 and works well and i don't have to bend down.
Ball would stick and it was difficult to get ball to release, when it did there was no telling where it would go.  Solution: cut off .5 inch of the front/top portion of the cup, ball now easily releases with desired accuracy and easily picks up ball to throw again.
2501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we have 5 dogs and they all LOVE THIS TOY!!! they play with it everyday. we hear poor mr. bill shriek 'oh noooooo' all throughout the house. they love figuring out how to make it talk. definitely the toy to play with here. it is still working just fine after 5 dogs - will get another one.
Still fleas.
I mentioned my concerns about bugs in bag after writing the initial review  and my dog sitter revealed he had accidentally left the bag open outside for a few days.  So I cannot confirm issues with Purina.  Lloyd the Wonder Dog really likes this food and has no issues.  But he has also eaten a bike glove and had no issues with that either so you should not put a lot of credence in his digestive system happiness.
7720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I believe this to be a good choice for canned cat food

5885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs really like these bones.  However, I cannot say if they actually help their joints or not, have not seen any change in that aspect.  But, I ordered more, I hear it takes time.
7995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my cats had dental surgery and had to have a soft diet for several weeks. I picked up some Max Cat Kitten food at my local Petsmart after researching wet cat food on the internet and based on the number of protein entries for the first ingredients. I bought "Chicken and Liver" and "Chicken and Oceanfish" flavors. During the time I was feeding him Max Cat Kitten, my cat's coat became very noticeably more shiny and healthy-looking. My cat was crazy about both flavors, but it recommends 1 can per 2 lbs. of the cat's weight, which for my cat equals 6 cans a day, plus another 6 cans for my other cat. It is just too expensive for me to do that. Buying a case of food on Amazon reduced the price, even though it included shipping. I now use it as an occasional treat for both of my cats.

9288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Labradoodle absolutely loves this and the texture/roughness of it gives him great chewing joy!  He is a powerful chewer and this has lasted for a while without too much damage!  Just bought another one to give him for Christmas!  He can't have too many chew toys!
no more vomiting in our carpet. Our vet said that after he recommended removing
Some people said that they have trouble with how the ball releases from the launcher. I never had this problem--it always released at just the right time for a perfect distance. My husband, however, has trouble with it releasing to LATE (some people had problems with it releasing too early). I guess it varies from person to person!
4259	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Although the label (on crooked) says chuckit, there were no imprinted name as all of the ones we purchased from chewy or local stores. The jaws seem flimsy, and are actually worse than the worn out one it was to replace. Amazon is Great for most things, but some must be seen in person
1391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy a new one every year. Always look forward to the new designs.
2328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is stupid but my dog loves it. It's the only toy he'll play with.
2787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These little Kong toys are just perfect for a lot of our training games with my little miniature poodle.  They are sturdy, convenient to throw in my training bag.  And most important, she loves them!
Ours came totally sealed up with a small bag of catnip included. There is a shiny mylar ball attached from the inside and visible to the cats through the circular cutouts on both sides. (Note that our Mau found this right away and was very interested in trying to get it out! At one point, he managed to pull it out enough to bite it and was trying to remove it. He turned the scratcher over instead. Since it is cardboard, no harm, no foul.) I sprinkled a light bit of catnip on the scratcher to see what they'd think of it first. Cosmic Catnip is their favorite kind anyway, so I did not anticipate any problems (even though the bag did not have any scent at all. Also, ours did not have the C/C label on it, like it is shown in the product photo).
These wands don't really connect to the unit, so they just yank out with enough force.  And my 10 month old cat had enough force to do it!  What a bad design.
8482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	EXACTLY AS I EXPECTED
5313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since the ball is the same size as a tennis ball it can be replaced easily without paying the premium for a Chuckit ball.
1740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have had this toy for over a year and my dog still loves it. Its her favorite snuggle toy and shes not an aggressive chewer so it is still in great shape! One of the eyelashes is sewn on crooked but my dog didn't seem to notice ;)
1250	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	One star is to many for this product.
2440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
2371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved the small Lamb Chop Dog Toy and he loved the big one as well.
I found that the puppy preferred the larger Lambchop which was bigger than she was.  She dragged it around, slept with it and treated it as a littermate.
I strive to provide honest and non-biased reviews, If you found my review helpful please feel free to use the vote buttons below. If there is anything you would like to know or feel I may have left please feel free to leave a comment. Thanks!

7365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy this brand of food for my cats so It tried it for my dogs.  All of the cat food they make are grain free the dog varieties are not.  Even though they are not grain free they were good premium dog food options that I chose to feed my dogs as they are not source in china. I have since moved on to another brand of grain free dog food to help with my dogs paw licking and skin issues.
He absolutely loves this bear. He chews on it, throws it around, and carries it around with him but has yet to rip it apart (have had it a few weeks now). He (thankfully) hasn't figured out how to make it squeak, but I can do so to get him all excited. The squeaker is in the head and is removable/replaceable via a velcro opening in the bear's back. They include an extra one in case your dog wears the original out.
965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very high quality at a very reasonable price. Heavy duty material with a very well thought out barrel protector for the muzzle. Good protection for mounted optics, heavy zippers and generous pocket.
8687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My 3 cats seem to love it.  Wonderful to have it arrive on my front porch and not have to haul in and out of grocery cart & car.
3890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these!

This variety pack offers enough variety to keep my cats from getting tired of any flavor.
5512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived early and works great. I can get the dogs way more exercise and not have to pick up the slobbery tennis ball when they bring it back, gross!
9613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this toy - it's been a few weeks, and he has yet to chew through it (which is a record for our aggressive chewer!)
3251	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves them no matter if it is the wafer or soft chew and they really work!!!
6471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 7 week old pitbull puppy loves this food mixed in with the dry version. Smells fresh arrived dent free.....for now lol but so far so good. I'm sticking to the brand.
4516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had this chuck it for four years, and today it is pretty cold and I threw the chuck it on the porch with no ball (that should tell you how well I take care of this thing).  The part the holds the ball cracked because of the cold and the impact of throwing it.  Looks like I'm out six dollars for not being slightly careful.  I have used this thing almost every day for the last four years.  I got it when my lab was a puppy, and it made such a difference when he was really young and full of energy.  Now when I let him out, he runs straight to where the chuck it hangs and stares at it.  My brothers dogs do the same thing.
2873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppies love it!!
2819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Product as expected.
6558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We switched our dogs to Connectin, because we're able to get a great deal on it and I'm so happy that it works great for our dogs.  We have 4 herding mix dogs who are very active.  2 of our dogs developed arthritis early in life and I struggled finding a joint supplement that would work for them.
3898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great deal
4860	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too long hurts my shoulder.
9388	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat LOVES this. Plays with it 24/7

3991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Fun

5953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My only complaint is that you need to pop the whole center out before you refill it, or you mess up the timer programming.  It's not super easy to pop back in, but not too hard either.
7066	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price
7834	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Makes my cats barf. Guaranteed. Oh, and it's made out of crap ingredients.
9024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy loves these and they are great in every way, but the bag is a bit small and the price higher than Mother Hubbard of which I have now started buying instead. My puppy seems to love them both the same as well.


9453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I've ordered cat food online, it's a great product, the delivery time was excellent and my cat really likes the pate.
4650	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I overthrew this the first few times because it's so easy to launch the ball a long distance.  I like this for launching the ball uphill to give my dog a workout during fetch without dislocating my arm by manual throwing.  I haven't tried using this with a regular tennis ball as I don't like the dye used in those, so I don't know if they do or don't fit.  I like that I can get the ball into the launcher using the Chuckit without having to touch the slobbery mess.
923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The product I received is the black jar that is pictured. One reviewer mentioned she got a white jar instead.

Mutt Mitts are stronger and denser than most bags.  That makes them less likely to tear (ick!).  In fact, I've never had one tear open, even when there are rocks or twigs mixed with The Stuff.  They are also much easier to open than the typical bags.  The design also has a "mitt".  Much like a puppet, your had fits around an indentation that makes scooping easier.
3658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are absolutely the best things ever!!!! Very sturdy and not thin like regular poop bags!!! We will never be without them :)

9084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves this toy. plays with it for long periods of time. is holding up well with her chewing it.
6084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Probably ought to give it 5 stars, but haven't had it that long -- gotta see how it fares after a few years.  So far, works great.  Dog has plenty of traction, ramp is plenty stable.  Not too heavy to move occasionally, like to mow the lawn. As I saw other reviewers note, it is easy and pretty painful to pinch your fingers when folding it up.  Excellent for any human or animal weighing up to about 160 pounds.
9295	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it, some flavors better than others, depends on your cats tastes
7803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It seemed like our dogs were getting tired of the same old thing for dinner, so I did some research and found this Wellness brand dog food. What I liked about it was the lack of by-products and cereals. Our dogs love the taste of this food and there is never any left in their bowls. It is a well baqlanced food that good for them also and having it shipped directly to my door saves us a trip to the pet stores. I count on Amazon for the best products.

1053	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Droll Yankee make exceptionally good products and the really do replace broken feeders

3263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Program is the safest long lasting flea treatment for pets-- I used to work in a veterinary hospital and I have seen many cats have serious reactions to  Advantage and Frontline, which are topical pesticides. Read the inserts for Advantage and Frontline, it says that they are NOT safe for sick animals, young kittens, etc, etc. My cat is allergic to both Frontline and Advantage. Frontline gave him a lump in his neck and Advantage gave him a bald spot where I applied it, and he kept trying to lick the spot.
* Ensure consumer protection
6087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 40 lb. Australian Shepherd who injured her knee a few months back. Once an excellent jumper, with her injury, my dog can no longer jump, or even climb stairs. I have a PetStep ramp I had purchased several years ago, for another larger dog, so I brought it out and started using it on the back steps for my injured aussie.  The PetStep ramp has 15 1/2 inches of space between the rails allowing for a safer climb and less chance of a missed step. The molded raised slats with rubberized texture gives the surface the best traction for the safest and easiest climb, and the ramp is the longest pet ramp I have found to date.
7036	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have 3 cats, one is lazy, the other is a catnip head and the third is less than a year old and loves EVERYTHING, she is part Siamese and has to be in everything.  I am always on the lookout for fun toys for all my furbabies to keep them active and having fun.  These bubbles didn't break the bank but they were a HUGE disappointment.
6607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this canned food as a supplement to their dry food . It is a quality canned food that while still expensive , it isn't as expensive as most other quality canned food .
3373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time ordering and have had no problems with either purchaseas. My cat has done well with the advantage and has less fleas then with other products. Will buy again.
5116	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about using the Chuckit!, but I figured the return option was available. The physics work and the catapult type action really magnifies your throwing distance 3-5 times depending on if myself or my kids are using it. Great device for working the dogs and just having fun.
I have a Westie and he loves to fetch Mr. Bill and then toss him around and shake him.  He gets really excited when he hears the "Ohhhh Noooooooo"  :-)

9184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love these!
Now here's the kicker -- I did the math and this Solid Gold food is only 15% more expensive per pound than the Science Diet here on Amazon (using biggest bags available to compare).  That's not a lot folks, especially when it comes to your cat's health and well being, not to mention the potential to avoid costly vet bills later on.  I went with Solid Gold for its quality ingredients and relatively low cost, but there are several others that also look good (i.e. Merrick).
8313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is all my cats eat they love it
1588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both my dogs love these things. Whenever I give them these I'm tempted to take a bite. they have that chewy cookie look. The packages are dated and the product is made in the US.
7334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it
Don't buy if your cat has stomach issues with fillers. This is a bad product and WAY overpriced.
1580	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I was sent two cutters for doughnuts with holes. Both identical with same item number. Decided to keep.
5890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought these because the other treats I had purchased jumped up in price. Knowing my dog loves peanut butter flavor, I hoped, and she does like them!!  I think the Glucosamine really does help her hip (a congenital problem) arthritis & I plan on continuing her getting treats like this in hopes to help her with any pain issues. She is happy with them, so we are too!!!
6887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One kitty gives it a 5 and the other yawns and says it is edible.  I sprinkle a little Muse dry cat food on top and my Chevy will often pick it over the wet food.  I keep a bowl handy for nibbling and it is usually gone.
2482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These have squeakers in them. One in the body and one in each front paw. I have two adult boxers, medium size, and often a squeaker doesn't last for more than a month or two. My girl sniffs out the squeaker, and then grabs it and will squeak the toy around 100 to 150 times in a row. She does it carefully and gently, but continuously. Her nubbin tail wags the entire time. She just lays there happy as a lark after. But most squeakers don't last too many months with her enjoying doing that up to 3 times per day, every day. She actually cries if there is no squeaker toy down to play with.
3104	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now I can walk with my dogs hands free.  Great obedience training aid. I like the fact that the leash length is adjustable.
9880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using canidae for 5 years now along with nuvet vitamins  and it has been a wonderful product. After the ingredients change I have not noticed any sort of change in my siberian huskies what so ever. They still have high energy, very lush coats,white teeth and great done density. I am very happy with this product i have had no problems!
8387	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately my last order of this came to my house rotten.  I just thought at first I was extra sensitive to the canned pet food smell, but then one of my 3 cats had diarrhea,another started vomiting after eating it, and the third cat wouldn't touch it.  I loved having the convenience of ordering online, and my cats loved this good quality food.  But after one shipment being all dented up, and the replacement being rotten, I'll buy local at Petco.
My puppy loves the frog and likes the duck from the Kong 3pk. Her least favorite is the bear, of which I now have two.  ;-) That doesn't mean that YOUR pup won't love this bear. He/she will probably love it. Quality doesn't LOOK good, but it is. The bear and the toys in the 3pk are very sturdy.
5486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For such a simple concept and design, it's a wonderful product! I easily double the distance that I throw the ball with this and my german shepherd gets much more exercise! She's pooped in under 15 minutes!
3303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	work very well and easy to apply
21	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	puppy booster is perfect for my puppy, I love it, works almost right away, great strength, easy to give to puppies. large size, almost no smell, herbal supplement
8868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great food, my cats coat already seems shinier and sheds left after feeding this to her for a week.  Will buy again if price is decent
8187	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs loved it needs to be broken up for puppies with teeth

6914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our fawn Doberman Pinscher puppy thinks this is candy. Furkid CANDY! She recognizes the color of the can from her Wellness Puppy Treats http://www.amazon.com/Wellness-Puppy-Natural-Treats-3-5-Ounce/dp/B001HBBQKY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1434157071&sr=8-1&keywords=wellness+puppy+treats.


3999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the Chuckit! tennis balls. They have a great bounce and both the medium and large are great sizes for our lab/lab-hound mix.

3675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best bags to use!  I started using them because my apartment complex allowed dogs and had these bag dispensers on posts so when you walked your dog they were available.  They were such a high quality, that I now buy my own supply.  Nice and thick so you don't worry about leakage, the other bags that come in rolls are so thin not only do you feel what you're picking up but you also see it through the bag.  These Mutt Mitts are a solid color so you don't walk around showing the world what you're carrying on the way to the trashcan.  And they hole a LOT, so for big dogs you don't have to use two bags.  Purchasing these in the box is much more cost effective then buying them in the 30 count at the stores.
3569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	New puppy means new ways to clean up after said puppy!  we bought a box of these when we first brought Wild Child home and we couldn't be happier.  3 more dogs later and we still use the box of bags. I will order another box soon.  This box lasted us at least 3 years.  great value, easy to use and super clean.
OLD 5 star review: i have a 75lb dog who eats raw food so her waste is very small but we do take long walks everyday and the last thing I want is walking home with thin see thru bags. These work great. although my condo provides us with free bags, these are very worth it for us. I had the pink but for some reason the white is cheaper so I went with the white. Perfect!  I could do without the double liner though....
4258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	prefect. great price
8557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is not regular bites
Yes, these bags cost a lot more than cheap poop bags, on a relative basis - 2x to 3x more, depending on what you buy. But on an absolute basis, you're paying a few cents more with each pickup for a nicer experience. I'd definitely recommend trying them and seeing if it's worth it to you! if you're going to pick up after your dog a few times a day, why not fly first class when you do?
39	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Please see the other reviews we've written about "Dog Whisperer." The show is great, both educational and entertaining. And Amazon needs to develop a way to rate multiples of the same thing! Why write the same review for every year's episodes of "Dog Whisperer"???
I'll give it 2/5 stars on the assumption that some units do NOT do that random motion thing - but it would only take one fritz in a lifetime to really demolish a cat's desire to ever use the unit again :)
5498	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	we thought that the ball would be smooth like our neighbor's (which our dog loves), but is just a tennis ball. Check around and get another Chuckit instead.
8244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the third time ive purchased this for my dog and every time we recieve it she reacts the same. She goes nuts sniffing the bag so excited. She still loves it!
This was, by far, Jack's most favorite toy & I'll be getting him another one - along w/several others for the future. ;o)
9554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these treats. They seem to disappear in about 15 seconds when it is bone time!
8669	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	as advertised

4580	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	OK
6956	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	many thanks
1315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The wiggly giggly ball is cute and makes cute noises - I originally bought one at a baby store for my then-2 year old son, but my basset hound quickly took ownership of it (she enjoyed it more anyway). One word of caution is that it is not a chewy ball - if the dog has a desire to chew on it then it will be history in no time. We are on  our third wiggly ball for that reason - but still love them!
While cleaning the basement, I decided to try it out with our Pit Bull puppy.
4295	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog goes crazy for this. This came with the fuzzy tennis ball type but instead I use the rubber chuckit ball. Easier to clean, especially at the muddy park/field. Works great!
Saw fleas in July, treated 3 inside cats with Frontline Plus
Purina has over the past 2 years improved the size & amount of the chicken bits which currently make up at least 50% if not more of the food.
1845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what it is about this toy, all my dogs go nuts over it. Even my families dogs. It never seems to last too long before the squeaker and stuffing is out and all over your living room, but its inexpensive enough so I keep buying it!
http://www.etsy.com/shop/Aim4Beauty  .  I sell handmade belly rings, and steampunk Necklaces.
9773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always a cat's favorite I've had several cats since I bought this years ago and all of them have loved this. Then don't play with it every day but all I have to do is swipe that ball and it stirs their interest in it all over again. So happy to finally find the replacement inserts on Amazon! I've been without one for a while now and I'm very eager to put that back in for a scratching spot.  Put a little catnip under the cardboard and it's a fiesta.  It stays under my coffee table and it's unobtrusive.
256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very effective!  A combination of Petromalt and a good brushing stopped daily vomiting due to hairballs. Kitty thanks you!
I went back to a normal litter box.  I also got another cat and the regular litter box smells much better and is much easier to clean with two cats than the Litter Maid was with one.


But if you really want to add some new excitement, get the Turbo Twinkle Ball&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bergan-LED-Replacement-Ball-BER-70135/dp/B00DR04CCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bergan LED Replacement Ball - BER-70135</a>&nbsp;and switch it out with the white one. Then put it in a darkened room, call your kitties and give it a spin. Voila!  Kitties who love to chase the laser light beams will love this and it's like a whole new toy!

2029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is one of his favorite toys.  I'm on my second one.
4326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It does not launch the ball that far but it does work.
8130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what it is about these chews that my puppy loves, but love them she does.  I love that she gnaws on them instead of my belongings.  I also sometimes spread peanut butter on them for when we leave or need silence.
2782	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Definitely NOT extra small! This thing is huge! But my dog does enjoy playing with it even though its almost as big as he is. NOt sure if they sent the wrong size? But this is definitely not extra small, its about 9" tall!
8585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a rescue kitten who loves this kitten food.
5171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good ball flinger.  This works well and it fits regular tennis balls.  Great way to exercise my dogs at the dog park.  I like this product but the longer one might be easier to use.
9564	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Smell is pretty bad - cat eats maybe 1/4 of the can while fresh then - will not touch it.
5639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I watch my neighbor's 6 lb. toy Yorkshire Terrier (Bella) about half of time and she loves to play fetch.  The problem is that she is so fast that she can outrun the ball (I admit I don't throw a very mean ball). The Chuckit changed the game for us.
7616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats love it!
Plus my dog has learned that when I tap the chuckit on the ground or floor that means drop it where I tap, which he loves because he knows it means more throws.
5675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I  liked this as soon as I took it out of the box. This is like no other seat cover I have seen.  This is extremely thick with thick rubber coating. It is rugged, waterproof, and will hold up to anything a 100 pound  dog can do to it.  It does not wrinkle up in a ball and pull off the seat when the dog moves around.  You can dump a few quarts of water on it and your seat will stay dry. The 'lip' around the edge of the cover prevents any dirt or water to run over onto the seat or floor. You can clean this by simply giving it a shake, wiping it off with a washcloth, sweep it with  a whisk broom, or rinse it off in the hose. This is going to outlast any other seat cover.  If you have a large dog, or even a small dog that is active and loves dirt, this is the right cover for them.
If you like portable hard copy calendars, this is one of the best!
5794	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price and quality.  Perfect for any disney lover.
5247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	chuck-it as we know it but a shorter version.  It's easier to carry around and fit in bags, etc.
I have to wedge it in-between two pieces of furniture to keep it in place. Would be perfect with some weight to it..
2167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it!
3792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a good product
8838	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy loves it
3165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has really helped my lab mix with his arthritic hips.  Before I started using this, he struggled with jumping up on his ottoman and
5521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog cannot live without playing fetch, and this is the perfect helper.  I had shoulder surgery a year ago, and this makes it so much easier to throw the ball without hurting myself or getting worn out too quickly.  Really gets good distance, and I don't have to get yuck on my hands picking up a slobbery ball.


 Important to note: both I and another person who gave this a shot felt stinging in our eyes when the bubbles popped close to our faces.  Not good!!!
6226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As always, very good
8328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just recently bought a Maine Coon kitten whose breeder used this brand of cat food. The breeder specifically recommended the brand because of the high protein content. All I can say is that the little demon loves it so I guess I am happy.
5615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I would have given this 5 stars if the ball that came with it was more sturdy.  I have a ball crazy lab mix and she bit through the ball in a day.  She absolutely loves this thing though.  If she sees me holding it she gets very excited.  I use the 3" glow balls now.  They work great.
4445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The chuck it works great for my Labrador who loves to play fetch. No more picking up slimy balls. I like the harder rubber balls better than the ones that come with the chuck it. I have purchased them separately and the price is still a bargain for both.
8017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little girl loves these treats. And I love that they are not crammed full of junk you don't want to feed to your dog.
4968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this and it is easy on the arm.
3228	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Didnt work for my dogs as much I as wanted it to.  Using the recommended dose my dog was just as wild but with a little stomach trouble.  Thanks but no thanks.
1668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used to use American tools like Sears Craftsman and Skill Saws for 20 years. The problem is that the motors are not well made. They last well, but they start up with a jerk which is not a great thing, you have to wait a second and let them calm down to use them. If you are in the middle of a board or piece of plywood then you have to try to hold them so they don't jerk a knoch out of the board. Also they are loud and noisy. I use a head set so the noise does not effect my thinking - consentration about what I am doing. This Makita has better winding on the motor and better brushes so is purrs to life and you don't have to worry about it jerking in your hand. It is also quite. It feels balanced and is simple to cut with, of course the blade you use is everything. The aluminum housing is great too, it is a snap to line up a cut and keep it lined up through the board. But this saw or the Bosche would be my pick. I am a contractor in Florida.
1065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	perfect so love this
7124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kittens will not at anything but this brand. It is high quality in ingredients and is not overpriced like some other brands. I just hope that when they get older, I can transition them to the adult formula. This one is the only one they like!
1978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Favorite toy for years...
We get the duck, chicken and lamb. Our dogs have no digestive issues being served a different variety daily. Made in USA, bonus.
5365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this launcher! My shoulders are not aching any longer and my rambunctious lab gets a lot of exercise since I manage to throw his ball very far. I should have bought this product earlier, I recommend it without any reservation. It is solid, looks good and delivers!
7251	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	i purchased 6 cases at 20$ a case. Was one heck of a sale. Ill not pay 35$ for 12 cans of this stuff. Thats 7 hole chickens.
9266	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is huge and deep!!
4828	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Own several of these-great for the dog park!
7318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love this dog food and it keeps them and their coats healthy.  The sweet potato in the ingredients provides good fiber and prevents loose stools.  This is really good quality dog food.
1453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just what my son wanted!
4675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog love's this toy
I had seen the LitterMaid litter box advertised for several years and had always wondered if it could really be true and work as it was advertised.  Sorry, I finally gave in and purchased along with the tent top.
If you have a cat that is terrorized by a dominant cat and you use two litter boxes -- you may want to leave the scaredy cat his "safe zone" box in place. When I first got the Littermaid, the cats used 5 boxes in different locations around the house. At first I left 3 of them in place. They got less and less use, so I decommissioned one after another -- probably over 6-8 months. Now we just have the Littermaid. I have used the same LM900 Mega since March of 2004.
Great product at a fair price!!!!  VIRGINIA FROM SOUTH FLORIDA
7253	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cant beliece my picky eater loves this food! I have tried so many different wet food already, and this is one that didn't even give me any trouble in transitioning. Last night I gave him a scoop of wellness to mix with his old food and he ate it without hesitation. This morning I gave him a scoop and he begs for more wellness. He left the old food in the bowl and kept licking the spoon I used to give him wellness. So I gave him the whole can, and hes so happy! He usually never finish his food in one sitting, but he just kept eating wellness and licking the bowl! I can tell that the texture of this food is much smoother than other products I have bought, even after being in the fridge for a night. Im glad that my cat likes this healthy new food.

4570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have for any dog owner with dogs who love to fetch.  This is always my #1 toy recommendation for new dog owners.  It is the best $5 investment you can make for your dog- it is my Golden Retrievers' favorite toy.  Since it isn't a chew toy, the launcher will last forever, unless you lose it :).  All standard tennis balls (2.5 inch) fit in the launcher, so you can replace the ball with any tennis ball or other chuckit! ball.  Personally, we love putting the chuckit! whistler in the launcher.  The sport launcher is the perfect size- it is small enough to toss in a bag and light enough that your arm doesn't get tired after throwing for extended periods of time.  I have tried larger sizes and found them to be too heavy and they don't throw much further than the sport.  Personally, I have 4 of these- I keep them in a dog bag we take to the park, one outside, one in the car and one in our kitchen.  Since they are cheap, its easy to stock up!  Also, it makes a great gift to new dog owners.
Her doggie friend received his Mr. Bill on Christmas day and loved Mr. Bill.  He is the exact opposite of my dog and tears out the squeakers from stuffed toys.  He immediately grabbed Mr. Bill and aggressively chewed Mr. Bill being delighted at the sound.  When we left 7 hours later, Mr. Bill was still intact and the speaker box though compromised was still saying ohh saaaa.  I expect this dog finished off Mr. Bill the next day.  Stuffed toys usually last about an hour with him.

2593	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is a great dog toy, holds up well - however, I will pass on something that makes it even better.  Clip the eyes down even with the rest of the face or the dog will pull on those and rip the material.  This was my second one and I clipped the eyes and it is still going strong.
Best price I have found so far.
7732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I noticed an annoying trend that was making me rather frustrated with our furry little family members. They were lapping up the gravy of their usual Friskies wet food, and leaving a LOT of the actual food to just dry out and go nasty. Why? I'm not 100% sure, but I'm not exactly raking in the dough to have so much of their food go to waste! So I figured Pate might be the answer. Now I'll tell you, I hate the way pate looks. It just looks... strange to me. It's like moist spam that is easily mashable, and I don't really like SPAM. So that tells you how that went.
6229	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is necessary for kittens after declaw surgery but yikes, it stinks when they use it!  It also tends to end up all over the place. But its a must-have so can put up with it for two weeks but thats it!
2164	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Although cute, the voice box came apart inside (I can feel it not together anymore) within 2 mins of my dog playing with it. So it no longer speaks... Bummer . Wouldn't buy again because of this
1. Difficult to scoop all the dirty litter because of its already-dark color. I wish they would make this in a lighter color.

5250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	You can get great distance with this chuckit! My only complaint is that the ball fell apart pretty quickly (within an hour of opening the package).
9767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy these constantly. We have a 78 LB white shepherd. I buy the regular and small size. She likes the duck flavor also but we try to keep her on LTD.
6072	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This ramp is solid! My 100lb Alaskan malamute who is arthritic can easily go up and down it when loading and unloading from our truck. It does not bow much when he is on it. Like barely a bend in it. Also the traction is top-notch. No slipping at all even when wet. It is heavy, but this is the most solidly built and has the best traction of any we have personally seen. Highly recommended.
would recommend this leash to anyone with a large
3247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wrote a pretty lengthy review for this item when I ordered them before.  Long story short, I love them! Obviously I do because this is my re-order.
7376	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs chew these instead of shoes!
4611	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well, but keep in mind that it's huge. You may want to get the next size down.
6220	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I read the reviews for this product and bought it based on belief that people were always honest=not.  Most of the reviews said that their pets LOVED to eat these like a tasty snack=not.  My dogs won't even eat their food if I crunch the tablets up and sprinkle them on the food.  Either I got the wrong item, or somebody is stretching the truth=big time.
2150	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bad! Lasted one day - couldn't even handle a pug!

3678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No tears, even on the road and gravel.
5754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My last name is Pessolano, is italian. My family makes all kinds of pastas, we love pasta, in every sizes or what ever way you can make the pasta. My favorite pasta are linguine, fettuccine and spaghetti. My father bought this Pasta Drying Rack because we prepare our own pastas at home. And we needed something for dry the pasta. This one is pretty good because the wood have not chemical products.
2839	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Pomeranian loves it.  Comes with extra squeaker.  My dog is very gentle with toys and the leg came off within a few minutes.
4096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	perfect as always
6046	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The dogs hate this ramp and I hate it almost as much.  Good concept, but bad in practice.  The hard surface and light bounce have the dogs scampering across it and they both attempt to jump off the side rather than walk up or down this ramp.  We have 100+ lb. dogs.  The ramp is also heavy and awkward to lift in and out of the car.  We've pinched our fingers more than once moving the unit.  And the unit is quite large taking up a lot of space in the back of the wagon.  For the price, I don't recommend.  Spend more and buy folding stairs.  I finally broke down and spent the money and the dogs are thrilled. Zero learning curve.  They go up and down without issue and the stairs are lighter and take up much less space in the vehicle.
my cats sleep and play in it.
4119	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great and like always fast shipping
4404	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Combined with the Max Glow ball, this is the best dog toy available on modern planet Earth.
I originally purchased this in December 2009.  I have gone through many cardboard refills, I have vacuumed up countless shavings, but here we are, 9 years later, and Delilah still loves this thing.
8935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Reccomended by my vet.  Although my little cairn terrier pup does not like the taste of it much, i have to add beef broth in order for him to wolf it down.  When we go to other people's homes who have dogs, he completely cleans out their bowls.  It tells me he does't like the taste of science diet much.  I like that I can get this shipped to my house every month, it arrives just in time before the previous bag runs out!  It stays fresh, he has bowl movements every day.  I hope its good for him.
We recently bought a Scoop Free and are more than happy with it.  It works as advertised and even though the replacement cartridges are expensive, they last a long time and actually cost us less than we were paying for litter alone.  We have now bought a second Scoop Free and find we only use three cartridges a month, and have never had to clean it except for waste that has gotten on the sides that needs to be wiped off, but we would have that problem no matter what type of box we used.
3552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worth every bit of the 10 cents each that they cost I really love not feeling the squish or the warmth of a bag of steaming lovin' from my black lab when we go to a campground.  He tends to poop only once every few days when he isn't at home and this bag is needed to get it all first try.  Those flimsy little see-through bags got nothing on the Mutt Mitt!
was i wrong.

5541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had I known how long the launcher was for this I probably would have ordered a smaller one.  My dog loves this, but we have to replace the balls every so often because she can chomp right through the big ones with no effort.  Def worth it though
9754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Quality food, especially good for growing pups. limits stool and regulates them making it easier to house train.

6924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Max Cat is all they will eat.  Not sure why.  Three rescues, adopted in 2015 and 2017.  Tried many different products.
Go the old fashioned way, with a tray and a liner!
1311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs ears are extremely sensitive (the skin in particular) and this works great for him.
1515	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs had no problems with this food and appear to like it.  I like that it is grain free and low glycemic.  I also like that it has 32% protein.  I also like that the bag is easy to pour and resealable.  Nutro dry dog foods tend to average 4 to 5 stars with Dog Food Advisor and I am impressed by that.  What I am not so impressed with is the price.  The current listed price for the 4 pound bag is $18.98, which makes this dog food about $4.75 per pound.  That is just too expensive for me with multiple dogs.
5228	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got it so the girlfriends hand won't get slobbery!
its softer on paws and no litter to get impacted but it does not clump or hide odors at all. you go through a lot of litter because you almost have to change the whole thing every day and add all new litter since it does not clump and hard to get out just the bad parts.
200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this book and I have had amazing results from my Morkie puppy!  Due to the book and clickers, she has learned to sit, shake hands, lay down, stand on her hind legs plus I leash trained her in less than a month!  She is currently 13 weeks old very young to know so much.  I credit the achievements made by the book!  I have read it twice!  Very understandable!
6039	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this thing is the bomb!  taught my choco lab to use it in less than ten minutes (start on the ground with treats and work your way up to the back of the suv using a case of dog food in between -- easy peasy) -- worth every penny
5699	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very nice, well made, heavy weight, I love it!
3640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Doesn't break. Thick enough to not get too intimate a feel of the poop. Tall enough so you can tie the top in a knot without involving the contents.
On the side they get the FAT CAT kibble which I also buy here in a monster 15-lb bag.
6116	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great product but too heavy and cumbersome for most women to use without risk of back injury.  While this product has been a lifesaver, I'm currently looking for a lighter product that will work as well as this one.  If you have a suggestion, please leave me a comment.
7693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Came very well packaged and in a timely manner.  Both the dog and I are thrilled.
5707	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really, stunningly beautiful lamp......hard to believe that it doesn't cost thousands of dollars.  Everyone who has seen it has been stunned by its beauty.  It is bright, too.....it has so many colors--greens, golds, reds, whites, ambers (no blues!) that it would go in any room.  Highly worth the money and a very good investment!
4011	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs can crush these and a 10 minute game of catch.
9377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have fed the Dry Food, Soft Food, and the Treats in this brand and flavor to my dog for years now. Our vet first recommended it years ago because he has allergies. He loves them all and it helps with his allergies to have the limited ingredients.
9986	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I thought this brand was healthy for my dog since it is vet recommended, but once I gave him this food, my energetic 6 month old puppy became very lethargic.

4116	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	easy to throw easy to pick up ball

5306	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cracked within the 10th time of using it.  Not sure why.  We used these launchers regularly.

5545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My lab loves to play fetch and its very hard to tire him out. With the Chuck it I can throw it really far without feeling like my arm is going to fall out of its socket and my lab is tired in 15 minutes or less. His behavior is better afterwards too. I wish the ball was better  quality but for the price its well worth it. I might invest in a longer chuck it in a little while but all in all, its a great buy.


8020	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats are VERY picky eaters.....currently the male cat will eat this brand.....not the female cat however!
1471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is just what I need to get reorganized. I used to have a smaller, but thicker At A Glance Weekly Planner years ago and was much more organized, but since the digital calenders came on, I just have not done well with them (not to mention that my iCal decides to erase my events completely)! I love how slim the planner is, but has lots of pages for contacts, notes, etc.
2668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy
5975	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Pros:
2096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my golden's favorite toy!
My miniature pinscher has this stuff in his litter box that he uses when he's in his crate. He likes the stuff and it's not as messy as regular litter. It does not clump at all and it absorbs liquid very well. My furbaby got mad when I was late getting home from work and dumped his entire water bowl into his litter box. Luckily the litter soaked it all up.
6964	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My picky eater loves this food!
1559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	on time
4678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this launcher with the chuckit rubber tennis balls and my dog is one happy puppy.  This launcher can easily throw the distance of our backyard (roughly 150 ft) so I have to be careful not to over throw the fence.  I'd love to test this out when we have even more space to see how far it really can go.  Regardless my dog is getting in so much more running now that we are able to throw the tennis ball 2-3x further than we were before.  More running means a tired puppy.  And we all know that a tired puppy is a good puppy :)  My dog actually stopped playing fetch and took a rest - that has NEVER happened before!  My husband questioned our need for this.  When he was able to relax an read a book without the puppy climbing all over him he was sold on our need for this chuck it.  I also highly recommend the rubber balls.
9501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food so I just bought 2 more cases of it. I tried other puppy food and he didn't like it so I am a happy camper.
1457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this Gund Peacock! It's beautiful and very well-made. I ordered more than one, but the others arrived with spots of blue dye on the beak, so I sent them back and alerted the Seller(s). Examine yours very carefully for this defect when it arrives.
Description:
492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It protected my 2 poodle mix dogs for 8 months and is still going strong. I will probably purchase again, but wish it was not so pricey.
Love, love, love this product!
6923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Max Cat is all they will eat.  Not sure why.  Three rescues, adopted in 2015 and 2017.  Tried many different products.
1732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Holds up well
8480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this so this is what I get for her.

6754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected and was shipped fast! Will purchase again!
Had one for 3 years and know it works.
4538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, fast delivery
Now that my unit has stopped working after 2 years,I am thankfully going back to the simplicity of a regular cat box that doesn't take me 30+ minutes to clean.
Whenever you empty the tray, pass the scraper through the pan to make sure that nothing escaped the comb along the bottom. Those spots can build up and cause a jam too.
2312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these, and they are great! I wonder if every one of them has a paw that squeaks different than the other three. Both of mine do. Keeps my dog occupied in the house.
2048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog luvs it
7148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the wet food my cat has always liked and if it ain't broke don't fix it.

If your dog loves chasing a ball, get one of these!
3456	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I started giving Program tablets to my dog late summer / early fall last year.  I had been using Capstar (which works miraculously but is too expensive to use daily as a stand alone) and read many reviews and articles stating how great Capstar and Program are when used together.
I researched this, the Litter Robot and the other automatic litter boxes before getting this one.  For the price, I think this is the best value at 20 percent of what the Litter Robot is selling for.  The Litter Robot has a much higher percentage of reviewers giving it 5 stars, but for the difference in price I decided one this model.  From everything I've read, this is the best performing of the Litter Maids, as well.  I definitely wouldn't recommend anything with a smaller waste receptacle, even with one cat - the point is to clean the litter box as little as possible, right?  Also, the price has really come down for some reason - 2 months ago this model was selling at [...] for twice the $77 price tag that Amazon.com is selling it for now.
No side effects. Great Price esp for one that actually lasts this long. Just take off when bathing your pup and it will last the time it states.
9748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our rescue loves this stuff. I even have to stop my older dog from gobbling it up, and she's always turned her nose at dry food.
5048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are one of the best devices ever invented to use while playing with your dog. Durable, easy to use, inexpensive and fun. What a great combination. Any tennis ball works in these throwers so garb a ball and head out with your best friends.
I've been using this litter and I love it. What I do about cleaning is to get cheap plastic bags available at pet stores for lining litter boxes (instead of the expensive litter box throw-a-ways). After about, say 3 days, I just tie it up and out to the trash. SO EASY. "No muss no fuss." I'm so happy with this stuff. The only thing I don't like is the pellets that get kicked out, but the ease of cleaning for me overrules that BIG TIME.
3720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt mitts are my solution to enjoying my daily walks with Sadie and my germ phobia. Much less smell and strong. Highly recommend spending a little more for these.
3184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These really did seem to help calm my dog, whom for some reason get car sick a lot. Even when we have to leave him at home by himself we gave him these and he calms down nicely. Would buy again
6308	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is very fond of this food.  Amazon had a great price.  This does not specify any particular dog size.  I was a little worried when I tried this, because of this. But, my Yorkie finds the medium sized pieces to be perfect.  She just gets to chew a little, where a big dog would probably just gulp and swallow.
4586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are such a great invention - makes giving my dog a workout much easier!
4540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German Shepherd LOVES the larger Chuckit rubber ball and this makes it so i do not have to pickup a slobbery ball.

7515	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Some of the best kitten food out there on the market. High calorie and good for raising kittens who didn't start in the best conditions. Wonderful ingredients.
803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
5240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This 12 inch launcher is much thinner than the other Chuck-its, but it's great for travel. Very light weight and compact. Doesn't seem to launch as far as the longer ones, and isn't as "ergonomic" so my wrist tires more easily, but for what it's made for, it does the trick.
Nice color. Good length. Very sturdy.  Highly recommended.
6703	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work. Wont even blow one bubble. If company reads this and wants to send me one that actually will blow bubbles I will change my review.
weird
9905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love the dry food from hill's science diet food
5713	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old granddaughter loves it and so does my daughter. No spills which makes this perfect for car travel
I love that this toy is soft, oh-so soft.  And it is significantly light-weight (no stuffing).  It is PERFECT.  I highly recommend this toy for small and larger dogs, too.  Buy one
Please note that this isn't the most durable toy...the rope came apart pretty fast.  If you're looking for a super-durable toy your dog won't destroy (or even just a good toy to play tug), this isn't it.  If you're looking for a disposable toy that's good for some fetch and relatively cheap, this is a pretty good one.
4364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very Pleased w/ Product!!!
399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Yes, it is pricey. But it is worth every penny. It is the most effective flea and tick product out there and lasts at least eight months as advertised.
Overall, I'd highly recommend this product.  I just love it, and I plan to purchase at-a-glance planners in the future for gifts and for myself.  No complaints, and I'm very happy with it!
1483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is finicky and loves these
2417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVED this toy that is until the other dog in my house got his scent on it, at which point lamb chops was brutally ripped apart. Fast shipping!
UPDATE:  Okay.  Couple things.  I couldn't use my dog's favorite rubber balls, because this thing is designed to be used only with standard tennis balls.  It will NOT work with a smaller ball.  Then, a friend familiar with it told me how to use it.  "Always throw overhand, with a simple flick of the wrist."  When I  used this technique, the ball went straight out!!  If you use your entire arm with this gizmo (like throwing a baseball), it will not work.  And since I only use it in my narrow apartment building hallway, I bought the shortest size... and it's perfect.  So now I'm a very happy camper.  But I'm going to leave the One Star review up so that someone like me will hopefully go to it and read this.  Otherwise, I love this  device, and give it a full "Five Stars."
6131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The plastic is thick enough not to flex or twist, and the shape of the end is good as it sits on the tailgate. Very stable.
3998	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These are Crap! They split and/or break in half after our dog fetches them 3 or 4 times... and she's just a small 40 lb. German Shorthair Pointer. Plain old regular tennis balls last a lot, lot longer.
3570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love this doggie bags, the only thing better is if was biodegradable.
9405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great koi food, been using it for 10 years.
6972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cats like
8247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like that I can get flavors that don't come in the variety boxes.  Very convenient for an addition to my cats' diets.
Buyers deserve better than this.  We spend hours, days, weeks, or more researching, very carefully, which products we are ultimately going to purchase.
As noted, the above is based upon my experience with my littermaid as well as neighbor Shirley's experience with hers.  Each of us agree that it sure beats the heck out of scooping the litter out every day.  Also, we have noticed that less litter is required...probably because the unit operates about 10 minutes after use, before the urine soaks up a lot of the litter.
910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog fave
7099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied
4278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love NOT getting my hands all wet with slobber!
7644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Alpo Snaps have been the Most Favorite treat according to our 6 dogs (they have tried a lot of others - just for fun and variety, but they always were happy when we had Alpo Snaps to offer!) This was also true with other fine pups we've had before.
update. the 20 year old cat cannot tolerate the food, is ill and unhappy after eating. I have moved on to wellness and N balance for her.

It's under warranty but the company wants $10 to ship new parts. I'm not paying 10 cents for their mistake (made in China by the way). When it quits completely, I'll go back to the good old plain litter box.
We have 2 indoor cats that had what I would call a minor flea problem. The initial dose seemed to do the job. And unlike some treatments I've used it was well tolerated. No irritation to the skin, etc.
1312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for my dog. She always has itchy ears and this helps every time. She doesn't mind me using it either, she just sits there and lets me put it in.

8740	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It's fine for what it is, but we've switched to Orijen and highly recommend that
6286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this food and she's fairly picky. It was recommended by a local Pet Store. Buying it on Amazon saves me a couple of dollars over the local store.
4091	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	They should state in the advertisement that this thrower works ONLY with a regulation-sized TENNIS BALL.  It will not fit any other sized balls!! Also, can anyone tell me how to use this thing?  I cannot figure out how to launch the ball straight out without having it hit the ground prematurely.
2880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gave as a gift for a small dog who LOVED it.
5872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use half a bone a day on 5lb Chinese crested powder puff with a floating patella and she is so much more mobile and her back hips are not popping out anymore

Wish I could find one that completely refrigerated...my cat eats a raw food diet and this isn't cold enough. :/

960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I took off the front and back covers with a little bit of trim work to fit inside my fluval spec V tank. Twice the flow as what came with the fluval. Love it!
7964	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	CAT DOES NOT LIKE AS MUCH AS THE CHICKEN
We recommend this product for anyone wanting to play fetch with their dog, but we highly suggest that children are supervised because it's more difficult to control where the ball goes with the launcher rather than just throwing it by hand.
Great product, highly recommended.
7094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 13 year old dog does very well on this food from Wellness. I mix a small amount of this canned product with her Wellness senior dry and she eats it right up. Wellness is a top name brand of high quality. Amazon has the best price compared to local pet shops.
Mutt Mitts keep flies away better because the waste is securely sealed and the smell is masked.
4382	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I order the 26L.  The chucker is great and saves the arm a bunch of energy (hence the 2 stars not 1).  However, the ball was done within 5 minutes.  Punctured on the fourth fetch, torn in half by the tenth.  I like the idea, but the ball needs to be stronger to hold up to the strong clamping jaws of my beloved pits.  The dogs never played with the ball by themselves, it was only during play with me that they punctured the ball.  VERY disappointed in ball quality.  If you have a weak jawed dog this might be good for you ;)
3880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I thought that these were going to last longer than they did.  They were a bit more durable than tennis balls, but my serious chewers killed them within days. There are few toys that my dogs can't destroy, so I don't blame the product but I will stick with cheap tennis balls.  Not recommended if you have serious chewers like I do but these would be great for other dogs.
4695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 10 month old pit bull. He weighs 65lbs. Everything we give him he destroys in seconds. This is the only thing he hasn't been able to destroy. There are amazing
201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Found this book to be well-written, easy to understand, and even though I was skeptical before reading, it really does make sense. The training is based on operant conditioning (positive reinforcement) which has been scientifically proven to work. My dogs really do get it which makes behavioral training much easier than with traditional (negative) effects. I like Karen Pryor's approach so much I purchased another of her books, "Don't Shoot the Dog! The New Art of Teaching and Training" which goes in-depth as to how and why this style of training works. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND both titles.
3795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used a blacklight led flashlight in low light to find the stains, pretreated with this, then steam cleaned with the machine formula. Miracle!
7187	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I ended up getting a puppy and finding out she was taken away from her mother to early.  We had her on milk for the first week then I wanted to get her a good high quality wet food.  I did some research and found wellness was a great brand.  Her coat went from a dull gray to just shinning silver after a week and half.  She also picked up weight very quickly.
5284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more dirty, slobbery hands! Plus it throws better than I could ever throw!
5083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's super small so it's easy to carry but still provides plenty of power for throwing the ball quite far. Have only had it a few weeks so can't comment on its longevity but it feels as strong as other full-size Chuckit's I've had that have lasted years.
4453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best way to keep your dog busy!
1908	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very cute toy for my dog! The voice stopped real quick tho.
1160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have now purchased a total of 4 of these.  It seems that after 4-5 years the motors finally give out.  - However, that is 4-5 years of it sweeping the litter clean multiple times every day.
1410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	WELL MY LITTLE GIRL LOVES THESE..
I put dish soap in the plastic cooler items that they give you to freeze. I read that it stays cooler a little longer than the water. Until I find gel packs that fit in the spot, this will have to do. When I came home my cat was still eating the food out of it, but we're still cold in CT. Hopefully I'll find something before the summer heat hits.
9169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This thing disappeared off the face of the earth in less than two hours.  Either my dog ate it that fast or he flung it over into the next door neighbors yard.  I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt but be warned, it's possible this might be easily chewed up by chewy dogs.
We moved away (sad).  So I bought Buster a lamb chop.  Within 10 minutes he tore off lamb chop's face.  The head was gone in another 20 minutes.
3235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So we have a wonderful 84-pound loving big dog.  He's the love of our lives.  His down-side is that he's spooked by many things.  Sometimes it's a thing, sometimes it's a sound, sometimes it's a reflection, and sometimes it's nothing.  We never know just what might flip him out, even though it may be just momentary.
1729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have 3 of these, the dogs love it, tug a war, toss, sleeps with it.  Easily washed and ready to go again. The squeaky inside lasts along time and is a favorite of both of our dogs.  High quality seams and is carried around by our pit bull all day.
to throw it in the trash the next day.
If anyone knows where to find one.....please email me!


Barney absolutely loved this toy and it wasn't out of his sight for the 2.5 hours we had it, so needless to say, I was very disappointed. I don't know if the issue is poor quality or sharp puppy teeth. But either way, I can't recommend Mr. Monkey to owners with actively chewing dogs.
632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very fun game and helps with hand eye coordination.
2228	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves this!

7938	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves Nylabone chew toys, and since this one was so cheap I decided to give it a try. He's a 75lb. pit bull, so I usually give him the larger toys, but this was big enough that he could chew it. It's not as good as the big knobby Nylabones, but still fun for him for a little while. I wish they would let you choose which type of dinosaur you got, because I wanted a T-rex, but got a Stegosaurus. He chewed the head and tail off first, now just the body remains. I might buy one again eventually, but I think he still prefers the larger bones to chew on and he usually goes for those before picking up this one when he's in the mood for chewing.


4087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these tennis balls - they seem to last longer than "regular" green tennis balls.  Dogs eventually rip covering off, but it takes a lot longer than usual.  Easy to find in the backyard since they are orange.
2901	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great size for a 2-3 lb dog, squeakers don't last but it comes with extra.
3623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are pretty fantastic for picking up waste, if such a thing exists. The two-ply plastic for where you pick up is a nice reassurance that you won't get anything on your hand if the inner layer tears for some reason, even though it is a very good quality plastic.


9989	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	my dog says 1 star
8337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Maltese loves these treats and I like that they are healthy.

1465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Yorkie was happy with this.
8419	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves it, well he eats it
2904	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My puppy destroyed this within 1/2 hour of play. I don't like the stuffing they use, to easy for a dog to chew and swallow. Make sure you keep an eye on your dog while playing with this or any plush toy.
I have a 7 1/2 year old Golden Retriever.  She has been on Connectin Chewables for almost 2 years now.  They work wonders!  We do lots of distance running and long (3-6 mile) off leash hiking.  During these hikes she is a high speed wild girl likely covering 10x the ground I do (think sprinting 30 miles).  At 5 years old she was getting sore after our hikes.  It got to the point that she was noticeably stiff for several days after a hike.  I put her on Connectin and within a week she had NO stiffness.  At one point I tried taking her off the Connectin (to see if it really does work).  After about 1 week she was stiff (going up stairs, on and off furniture, etc).  I put her back on them and again only took 1 week for her to be her agile self again.

Highly recommend this product.
2105	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought 3 of these.  Only one actually had a voice box that worked.  Defective merchandise!!!
9180	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food is great for an animal that eats wet food and is not picky. I bought it because it is the most calorie dense food I could find, and I was cat sitting a sick cat that was losing tons of weight. He ate this food, but it is much stinkier than typical wet food, so be prepared. Between this and fancy feast, which my vet swears by, he managed to put on a few pounds, so it did the trick!
they split in half in one day
 Pork Plasma: a by product.
1353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had several bark collars in the past (dog barks at everything and Anything, which gets the other dog barking). In the past they are quick to break, don't work, or use batteries fast. I searched and searched Amazon for something different then what I've used in the past. SO glad she told me about this one! Although I was disappointed it came uncharged, I just plugged it into the charger and was good the next day.
6492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's nice that I can buy my dogs food online, saves me having to go to the store & get it, and it's heavy so much easier having it delivered to the door. Good quality, have never had a problem. My dog loves wellness brand.
4649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This will save your arm! My 8 month golden goes crazy when she sees it. A must for every active dog!
While these are really durable for us I don't think real chewers will take long to dismantle this. My guys are over 80lbs bot don't chew or pull things apart.
1369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous, sturdy desk calendar.
3280	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know what is going on with the fleas this year.  They seem to be impervious to prevention medication.  I tried Revolution, which worked for one month, and then stopped working.  Advantage did nothing and Program is the same.  My cat's ears look polka dotted with some bleeding sores unless I keep him inside.  At least I don't have fleas in the house.
3080	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just received this product in the mail. My husband decided to begin exercising again by walking three or four miles daily, so I bought him this leash as a surprise to take his beloved dog, Roxie, lab/pointer mix. She is four, 68 lbs, and all energy. My husband loves it.
9609	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I normally get my herding dog the extreme version of Kong products but he has made it clear that the red ones are more fun to chew.  This one has stood up well to my powerful chewer.  The opening is large which makes it hard to get treats stuck inside that are not immediately dislodged, reason that this product didn't get five stars.  After experimenting, spreading peanut butter along the length of the inside works the best.
1943	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is very happy!
My dog weighs about 82 pounds right now.  This ramp holds her weight although it (the ramp) is maybe a little flexible.  It is certainly not appropriate for a person to walk on (I tried), but the way a dog's weight is distributed is different from a human's, and this held up my dog perfectly well.  There are rubberized ridges all up and down the face of the ramp, so the dog doesn't slip at all.  The width is perfectly fine for a dog the size of mine.  And this sits securely on my step -- it's been there all day and hasn't moved an inch.
5569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The service from this company was excellent.  The item was what I wanted and my dog is very happy.  I highly recommend this company, definitely.
fatal. I cannot save my girl and she was only 6 years old when she got a reaction.
4102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	IT'S A BALL! OH-BOY, IT'S A BALL, OH-BOY, IT'S A BALL....
8601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty enjoys this food, and it's cheaper than what I can get it for at the store. This makes a good meal for my cat along with dry food. I have ordered this many times and each time it has arrived in perfect condition without a single dented can. My cat goes crazy for this food every time he hears the can open. I am actually going to order another package now!
6320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this product! Thanks!
943	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The flooring is hard on the dogs so when they changed the supplement I was giving them, I tried this and it is easy to use, and they are having no trouble with their feet and legs. The 7lb poodle had luxateing patelals  and had an operation on both back legs and is able to run again.  Thanks for a good product.
4367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it!
2148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves Lambchop....this is her third one!
3695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite mits to pick up poop with because they have a thick bottom. We order 2 boxes every few months, we have an 80 lb dog and pick up his poop in the backyard once a week year round.
1361	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two boston terrier puppies! My bostons are 14 weeks old and have just realized they can run off quickly! This leash is fabulous! I can walk or jog with my dog attached to me and he has room to move around. The elastic give of this leash keeps your dog from jarring you and tugging at your waist. I like that you have several clips to attach the leash to giving you the freedom to walk your dog on the right or left side. We live on a farm so this leash quickly got a bit dusty but it was a breeze to rinse off in the sink with some dawn dish soap.



9882	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	WARNING !!!!!  they don't even make there own food it is licensed out to another company if you look on the back of the bag it doesn't even list who it is made by it only says guaranteed by canidae and when i asked who it was made by i was
- There are small squeakers in each foot and one large squeaker in the belly. No batteries in this Lambchop.

5591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are the best made Ball Throwers.....I wanted the one for the Standard Tennis Ball, but was not paying attention, and ordered these by mistake.  Since I purchased them for my local dog park, where there are dogs of all sizes, I decided to keep these and ordered new ones.  As for the product, they are the best of the ones they make and since they are being used in a dog park where people are using them non stop, they have to be durable and lasting.  Great product and Kudos to the person who created the product.  I have since ordered four more of the Standard Throwers for the Dog Park...By the way, these were a great bargain..
Nicely made.  Just be careful you don't toss it tooo far ;)
2748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are TINY.  Yes, the description says extra small, but they are maybe 2 inches... maybe.  Upside and higher rating, my medium and large sized dogs love them.  They carry them around and don't destroy them like the larger toys.  Each had an extra squeaker included.  I was expecting maybe 2 days out of them and I still have a few lying around almost fully intact.
831	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cheap perfect replacement.
7802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty loves it!!!
1032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly
9718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food and it's much cheaper on Amazon than in the stores.

2329	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All of the multipet plush toys are great, my boxers have several but the favorite ones are Mr. Bill and Mr. Magoo.
4767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this!  The longer one really works well for the heavier chuckit balls.  PERFECT

813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Give it several days and your cuticles WILL get better. I had some cuticles on my thumbs that were rough and uncomfortable. This product after about 5 days made them look and feel much better.

966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm a professional chef so I'm a little choosy and snobbish about my knives.
You could use a plastic carrier as transport, and I'm sure someone out there reading this is wondering that exact thing, but hellcats take even less kindly to carriers with barred doors that invite inquisitive dogs at the vet's office to inspect their mobile prison.  Hellcat wants to travel as inconspicuously as possible, and the multiple flaps act as iron curtains between their burning resentment and the world at large.  Strips of industrial-strength mesh near the top of the carrier let in plenty of oxygen, keeping hellcat's mind sharp and fresh...as sharp as the claws that will soon be shredding your tender flesh, and fresh as the blood that will soon be pouring from your wounds.
6858	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I was a bit disappointed.  My cats were curious but did not go crazy over it as they do with other toys, especially something new.  I have hardwood floors and where the bubbles hit it mad a mess.
4628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super value and compact size!
185	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loved the book and the clickers
9904	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat likes the taste of it. He prefers it over more expensive ones and less expensive ones. I think he likes it just as much as he likes wet food.
7030	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I'm disappointed to say that there are very few bubbles, mostly very tiny and they pop as soon as they touch something.  I gave it a thorough test, blowing air at different speeds and angles, shaking the bottle before using and then using it when it hasn't been shaken in a couple of days, etc.  Total letdown.
As a side note - I overheard my vet telling a client that the flea bombs are worthless and not to use them as they do not actually get into the cracks and crevices where fleas and their eggs hide.
6704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All 3 cats love this toy


1872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs favorite toys!
8588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats seem to love the lamb and turkey. They eat it very fast.  My cats give this a 5 star rating. Yum Yum! I am very happy about the price I paid too. It is worth it.

7342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog still LOVES these chew toys!!
1920	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	once again made stating getting holes at least 2 lg.came apart & 2 small no need no intense chewing just up to a reasonable good dog toy!!
1430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats almost like them too much - they are begging for them constantly!


6458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful buy from Amazon and saves me the drudgery of hauling heavy cat little into shopping carts, cars and across parking lots and more steps.  AND, it's cheaper!  Cats like this litter.  I have two cats and a huge litter box.  One-third of the bag lasts about a week.  Easy to clean up box.  Not perfect (needs a bit of litter spray on it daily), but it works out well.  Recommend!
5804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for a dog's first birthday party!  Fun and festive and would recommend.  Good quality and basic napkins. Nice, large size.
2657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is our dog's favorite toy and it has been played with for over 5 years. With other plush toys, our dog will eventually rip the stuffing out and we would have to throw it out. But this has no stuffing and strong fabric. We love Kong toys.
8477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties love the flavors-they love the pate also a lot
I give her 2 cans to 3 cans a day because she was so under weight.
6959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Maltese puppy loves this , I am glad that it is so good for her too !!!
4948	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had the 26L for 9yrs now. It's an arm saver, especially when trying to tire out a high energy Labrador Retriever pup. I use the orange colored ultra ball during the day, and the glow in the dark one at dusk or night. Eventually, every good human gets great at throwing the ball with differing techniques ... from the high, arching lob with serious hang-time, to the side arm line drive water skipper; and not to be outdone by the over the dogs shoulder one-bouncer mid-air catch (just like an NFL QB to a wide receiver).
6327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the idea this dog food is holistic with limited ingredients. This dog food is human grade. I picked this Wellness food to help my dogs with allergies. Their fur and skin look great with no dry itchy skin. No tummy problems either.
7355	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY CATS LOVE IT.
4897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	easy to use and throws the ball great
5266	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh yeah this is the only way I can get the ball out into the lake where my dog likes it. Unbelievable distance. Highly highly recommend this. Forget the special dog tennis balls, go get some regular tennis balls though.
5080	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There is a reason that this is the one that everyone else tries to copy.  It is easy to use, you can pick up the ball with the catcher so you never hav to grab slobber, it holds the ball well, throwing is a cinch and you can finally outlast your pooch.
5184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Durable and throws a tennis ball a mile. Great tool for a hyper dog.
4230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If your dog loves fetch as much as mine does, this is the best toy ever invented. The launcher is exceptionally good quality and it really works with very little effort! I bought this so my children could launch the ball a greater distance for our dog, and after a little getting used to it, kids and dog are all very happy. Highly recommended!
9540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	smell so good
2255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loved it
4098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome for my dog in the yard.  Can't wait for more warm weather to go out and play some more.

2092	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT!  It's fun and certainly catches pet's attention.  Different from traditional squeek!
Jordie
6734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this in my rats' litter pan. It's nice and compact, dust free, and lightly scented. Does the job and one bag lasts a good long while for this purpose.
4304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs love it
8148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog lovesthese
8010	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product and price. Pups love them.
9839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	kitty likes Friskies classic pate over more expensive brands and I really liked not having to lug it in from a store.
I have yet to purchase a Chuckit brand ball replacement, but have purchased a basic yellow tennis ball.  The Wilson tennis ball must be slightly larger than the Chuckit ball, as it doesn't release from the thrower as easily.  Regardless, I love this product and wish that all the dogs in the world could own one!!
6284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work
2587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very durable.  I remember back in the 60's watching this show.  My poodle loves this toy the most and sleeps with it.  This was my second puchase of this product.  Too cute.
9160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kongs are the best. I've used many products over the years and Kongs just keep on going and going. They are extremely durable. I have Pits, English Bulldogs and Mutts. They love them, especially with a medium Milk Bone stuff in them.
PS.  Tent is not any better.  I also purchased a tent that is made to surround the litter box only to find several pieces for assembly so flimsy they broke.  I contacted manufacturer who asked me to email the part numbers and quantity needed.  I did and they sent me the WRONG parts.
6767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's not perfect but if you're looking for a natural product to replace clay litter, I choose Yesterday's News.  It absorbs urine but doesn't clump.  Stir it daily to contain the smell.  Remove the "lumps" daily; more difficult since the litter is brown.  Replace it weekly (I have 2 cats.)  There is some tracking but the pieces are large and easy to find.  So what makes Yesterday's News better?  I tried Feline Pine (non-clumping).  Urine dissolves the pieces into powder which is tracked all over.  I also tried World's Best but the smell was uncontrolled.

5744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are so different with the bubbly texture--love them!
2589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is an 80lb. mixed breed who just loves to pull the stuffing out of any and every toy. Mr. Bill far outlasted any thing with a squeaker in it because of his speaking box. When the dog started getting a little rough, the "Ohhhhhh Nooooooo!!!" would make him stop. Ahhhh, but it was not to be. Mr. Dog conquered Mr. Bill, but it took him over 2 months to slowly and painfully, bit by tiny bit, get the stuffing out -- first at the nose, then slowly, hour by hour, day by day, then entire head was emptied, and VIOLA...2 months later Mr. Bill no longer had a voice...alll bets were off, he is now nothing but the shell of the toy he used to be. But he's still good to play tug of war with. I already got Mr. Dog another one but I'm saving it for Christmas.
801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty's favorite treats
8531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Puts a different twist on the traditional nylabone. Always a great product. Only wish we could pick which dinasour is delivered.
But beware!  There is an imposter!  The next time we stopped at that same famous pet supplier, they no longer carried this exact product.  Though the NAME was the same, it is spelled differently.  It's spelled Pet EZE by the company named 21st Century.  When I compared it with this product, it was a totally different manufacturer.  Sneaky!  So be sure you're purchasing Pet-Ease and that the packaging looks like this.
9869	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not the best. Some of the coffee included in this package has a very bad chemical aftertaste. I would say about 75% of the coffee is included do not the greatest
If you have a dog that likes to play fetch with tennis balls, or a dog full of energy this is the toy for you!
8979	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My labrador will not play with or chew any nylabone products
8002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product
7108	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!!
1038	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	real power rating! No intermittent "Not Charging" note from iPad
4747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	throws twice as far with the flick of the wrist!
762	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected but it works fine.
3674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We travel with our dogs. These mutt mitts are perfect. They are a nice weight and very easy to use. We have been using these for years and have never had one rip or tear. Highly recommend these.
I found that ordering the seed tray from Amazon's sellers - even with shipping - turned out to be a better deal than my local specialty bird shop. For my second Droll Yankee feeder, tree arm, and seed tray, I did purchase the complete set from the local store as they provide a good deal of guidance for the backyard birder, as well as full repairs.
3692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags rock.  They are thick, double coated and a good size.  Best of all they are bio-degradable.  I've used other bags.  The "feeling" is very different.  With Mutt Mitts you don't "feel" anything.  Making cleaning up your dog's business pretty easy.  Try them once and you'll see the difference.
2845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our little yorkipoo puppy loves her tiny teddy! She picks fights with it and growls while they are tussling. She took it out of her crate and brought it onto our bed so she could hop around with it. So cute!

3330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We were having fleas everywhere. Those lil buggers wouldn't die. Got this, and the next day they were gone. Love it and its definitely worth the money.
8424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
1816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am a pet sitter and my dogs love to play with Lambchop! I like that is was a fair price, too.

It took my cat a while to understand that I did not actually need to be present for the food to magically appear in the feeder. Now, he leaps like a reindeer on Christmas when he hears the motor whirring and is off like a shot. He even lets me sleep in a little later now, although he sits on my bedside table and watches me sleep until I get up. Creeper.
7928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only canned food my cat will eat.  Will only eat one kind of dry food, too.  The other 2 cats who have lived with me liked this the best, too.  It's a very high quality food!
2648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a really low price item & didn't have any high expectations!  But this little toy is awesome! I bought this for my rescue dog that's 19lbs. It's perfect for her size she loves it! It has Velcro on the back of it with a squeaker in it & comes with an extra squeaker! Great buy!!
8790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Switched from Wellness and cat loves this so much more... Taking off 1 star because holy crap they smell!
6057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Just a bit heavy when controlling a blind/deaf dog, but he manages it quite well.  Had no problems opening and closing.  Ramp is made very well.
9746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my pups love it!
8694	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Got these thinking they're re just like the puppy versions the dogs loved... They don't bother with them much at all in comparison.
9666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome and very well priced.  My dog loves all the flavors, we are loyal customers.  The only downside is that they're hard to break...although with our large breed its not an issue..
7430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	DINOSAUR PLUS NYLABONE = winning
3572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Protects hands from poo. The clean way to pick up after your pup. Large, durable bags.
7461	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It looks and smells good, and it has the right consistency.  My dogs love it and it agrees with them.

8216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 6-month old Chiweenie puppy (Chihuahua + Datschund mix) and she absolutely loves this food! Based on her whining and excitement when I feed her, it has a great taste to it (not that I've tried it) and her coat is healthy and shiny too. I wouldn't expect anything less from a Science Diet product and this surely does not disappoint.
2296	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Doberman loves this - cuddles it and won't let the "Destroyers" near it.  That would be the 4 GSP girls.
217	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son's German Shepherd puppy, and now he's two years old and he still wears it because it's adjustable. Very pretty,  really good quality!
We've had no mechanical problems other than occasionally it needs its power plug removed from wall and plugged back in to reset the unit.  You also have to be careful not to overfill with too much litter, or unit can become jammed.
1348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Tkhe fur babies eat them so I guess they are acceptable
6526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Price is great. Perfect litter for Pet Rats. It lasts 2 weeks before needing to change it. Absorbs very well with little urine odor. I also use Baking Soda beneath the litter which also helps with it lasting so long. Very good price and good product.
3059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the buddy system!  It makes morning runs & evening strolls with my pup a breeze. I can move my arms freely & know my pup isn't going anywhere without me. Its a great investment for anyone who likes to exercise with the pups.
If you, or your friends remember Mr. Bill -- buy this and laugh!
8519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great chew toy! This toy works great it's been about a month and he's hardly chewed off the head. My only complaint is that stepping on this toy is like stepping on 1000 legos, on fire covered in fire ants.
8684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Puppies love this food. I mix it with the dry Science Hill for Puppies
6856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm just copy and pasting my review from their chewable tabs.  The powder is same as tabs (only powder form).  I figured I'd give it a try.  Same same.  I am going back to tabs simply because I found them easier to portion and feed.  If your dogs finicky about the tabs, you might want to give the powder a try.
9312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank You!!
9705	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cat plays with this a lot.  seems sturdy.
4081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. My dog loves it!
What happened with our unit would be that the tines would decide that they were ALWAYS ON and would keep going back and forth, back and forth, driving the poor kitties to distraction. There was no way they were going to jump in there and try to do their business while a set of metal tines was growling towards them!

6931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat loves this cat food and refuses to eat anything else. His coat is shiny and healthy. He's a happy kitty cat.
2679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size for a gift for my mom's dog.  And as an add on item perfect price.  Has little stuffing.  Head has the most stuffing with a little in the body and a squeaker.  Very soft.
6953	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work well.
4631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price for this awesome toy!
600	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bird went after it before I even finished tieing it up. He loved it and it actually got him chewing on some of the wood, which usually doesn't do. The only problem is that he chewed on the rope holding it together and he broke fairly easily. So, looped what was still together over his pearch. He went after the string again and now it is in pieces. That made me a little sad. I'll have to use some leather to put it back together again. He does really seem to like it.
7244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Jager (pit bull) loves this.
*Update*
I contacted manufacturer by email only to be offered the feeble suggestion to try several other litter.  I went out and purchased three different premium clumpable litters and none faired better.
7211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am a hooman slave to eight rescued cats of all ages, health conditions, breeds and temperaments.  Every cat overlord, fussy finicky eater and all, loves this food.  There are no leftover morsels, the bits are in a rough doughnut shape that helps to provide a satisfying crunch and help to remove tartar, and the taste must be excellent to tempt everyone.  The price is very reasonable for the quality ingredients.
Delivery man threw the box over the fence so all the cans on one side are cannot be opened. And the case looked like it was taped with packaging after some sort off food explosion because there are food residues on some of the cans.
8196	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product has allowed my little guys to grow and thrive into medium sized koi in a few short months.

5626	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wish I would have bought this a year ago. I used to walk past this in the store and think, "Wow I should try that!" But the 20.00 price tag always turned me away. I already had toys to play fetch with and my dog loved the frisbee so I wasn't sure if he would take to the ball the same way. I saw this on amazon and had to buy it. 10.00 was a steal. Now that I have tried it I would spend the 20.00 that the big stores ask for this. I am very happy with my purchase and it shipped very fast!
9464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful to have a treat that is limited ingredient for dogs with sensitive skin or stomachs.
Well, for whatever reason (kind of surprising, really) this stuff coming from amazon is way "fresher" than the stuff we get from the grocery store. It comes out of the can way easier. The stuff from the grocery store has to be violently shaken, or scooped with a spoon, while the stuff from amazon just plops right out. Our cat tends to eat the amazon stuff more quickly, too.

9602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	bow wow delicious.  arrived as promised
4661	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good! I love it!
8789	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat does not enjoy this food, however it was timely and after all, she is finicky.
9286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Animals like it. Fairly good balance.
9158	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Quick delivery, as described, strong enough so my dog cannot demolish it, it has been several months and it still has not been torn apart
921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good ingredients. Great seller.
4814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mom can't throw very well so she never played with my dog while I'm at work. Now she does it every day. Thanks so much
8448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great dog food. PRO PAC does not the mislabel its ingredients like Blue Buffalo. PRO PAC has natural ingredients.  Dog Food Advisor gave it a great rating.  It keeps my dogs' poop firm.  I love getting a healthy dog food for a great price.  Now, I feed my dogs the PRO PAC Nut'R'Nipz Dog Treats, so my dogs can enjoy a healthy treat in between feedings.  My dogs love the PRO PAC dog food and treats.  I highly recommend both.
9674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It actually came as a brontosaurus, not a t-rex. But extinct is extinct, I suppose.
8774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	one of Lily's favorite chews
2232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Soft soft soft!  And, bigger than expected, especially at this great price.  I must have skimmed over then 10" size in the description because I was thinking I would receive something about 5-6".  The pups will love it.
9022	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Same price as off the shelf but I can get it delivered to my door.
7935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice amount and shipped in sturdy box- good size for med dogs.
4727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	can now get some distance will hold a kong extreme large
9966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Kitty's like it or they prefer what they do but will eat up on something Friskies sell's as the company goes, my Cat liked Salmon, wouldn't eat Turkey & Giblet at all, he's ok with the Mixed grill most times, Friskies, get large can, quality old time brand name, pay less. Delivery on time no probs.
This is the second case we got like this.  This will be the last.
2399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had bought the smaller Lamb Chop for my dog at Christmas and the bigger one for a friend's dog.  Well, seems my little dog thinks she's a big girl and prefers to play with my friend's dog's bigger Lamb Chop so I bought her a bigger one.  She just loves it.  She squeaks it a lot and runs around the house with it in her mouth, tossing it around and having fun.
4044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These little guys bounce into next week...........and beyond!!! My dogs LOVE THEM!  And since I dog sit, it's great to use them with a "Chuck It" wand since it can toss these balls for much longer and further than I normally would or could! And they are not as easy to tear apart as some other balls we've used. Which is good if you have chewing pups around!
1421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	They arrived fresh and price was right
1443	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these the other day for our dog. We have a pittie/ boxer mix, about 45 pounds. He loves his treats. I love that fact that the ingredients in these treats offer a pretty small list of items, and are better items than most treats out there. Pitties hav e alot of skin problems from allergies apparently, so when we get generic or cheap treats with bad items in them, he breaks out in rashes. I'm happy to say that these pass the test and he's just as happy today as yesterday and had no reaction.
8995	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Sadly my cats wouldn't eat it.  I tried to get them to like it.  Even my dog wouldn't touch it.  I ended up giving away the rest of the case on Craig's List to a rescue group.
Easy to fit your hand in and effective to scoop and grab the poop
362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy these every year here and they have always preformed really well with our yard being a flea haven and all.
9949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat LOVES this stuff. She thinks it's treats so she goes nuts for it. It's a huge bag, so I use the food sealer to create smaller bags to keep it fresh.
I don't suggest this product for any cat as this ingesting cardboard cannot be healthy for cats.
They should market these to exterminators.
6487	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I HATED THIS STUFF! This stuff smells like s*** on its own or it just makes litter smell even worse than necessary! It stunk up the whole house and would be hard to scoop
It's almost like giving him a treat!
4) Each port emits 2.4 amps
7788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good healthy food
7861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Smaller than I was expecting but dogs still chewed on it and it has lasted for around a year and still has life in it. Really wouldn't recommend for a dog bigger than 50lbs. Mine are 80lbs but do not try swallowing it, was very werry and watchful for a long time with it.


This would also make a great gift. Match it with the balls that whistle too.
433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Seresto collar has worked great.  I use on my dogs and no longer have fleas spreading to my indoor cats or anywhere else in my home.  I think this ends up being cheaper and more effective than other topical liquid products.  I put them on dogs a little looser and then remove for baths.  The collars have lasted the full eight months for me with issue.  I have recommended to others who also were impressed with product.
An MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) exists between the AAFCO and the Food and Drug Administration. I guess a warm and fuzzy exchange of cards at Christmas just isn't enough.
go nuts with this toy, that I think the only problem will be when the toy needs to be washed and line-dried.  I think my dog will be depressed until he gets his little
5703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice. High Powered compared to other models I have seen. Beware as per the posting these do not have protective layer so don't touch ! Some lighter current models for smaller bugs do have a protective layer.
5223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a dog that likes to chase tennis balls you must get this! No more slobbery hands, you can pick them up with this and you'll be able to throw the balls way farther than even with the slingshots they sell. I highly recommend this!
590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Simple and fun for my bird

7281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs absolutely LOVE these! They last forever as well! We have chewy time each morning!
The items that come with the two kits are as different as night and day.  With the beach body 21 day kit you get videos and a recipe book.  These may be useful, but I am not sure it is worth the extra money.  This kit (healthy packers) says you can visit their website for a personal meal plan and recipes.  I think this is all you need to make this meal plan work.

6793	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I keep it for back up if the dog food my kids like runs out, but they don't like it.
1393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a bit large for my purposes - but otherwise it's great.
1459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice 12 month planner from At-A-Glance which gives you monthly appointment reminders.  I have always liked to be able to see the entire month instead of just a week at a time.
I don't think the sound is too obnoxious -- much quieter than a washing machine or vaccumm -- about equal to a dishwasher. I have the box in the laundry room next to the kitchen. If I hear it working, I say, "Thank God."
"Although AAFCO has no regulatory authority, the Association provides a forum for the membership and industry representation to achieve three main goals:
4153	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are really nice for a large dog, like a full grown lab. Nice to have extras for the Chuckit toy.
 I would absolutely recommend this to anyone with a high energy dog that loves to chase balls.  Make sure your dog likes to chase balls though, because long ago, when our last dog was a puppy, we bought one of these not realizing that she was not a fan of balls but instead we found out she was a stick dog.  So we ended up giving that one to my brother,  and that ended up being his dogs favorite toy.  Such a simple toy that produces endless fun for both dog and owner!
8049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have multiple dinosaurs at home. They don't last as long as the Nylabone knot bones but they do last longer than most toys. I don't recommend them for young dogs. It gave my 1 year old bichon bloody gums because the edges can become sharp. It's perfect for my 2.5 year old lab/collie mix though.


6892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats are always happy when this is delivered.
3099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This frees up my hands so that I don't have a leash in each hand.  It has made long walks with my two dogs more enjoyable for me, and they don't mind it at all.  I notice that people stare at me, but I don't care!
2230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog usually destroys stuffed squeakers within several hours to maybe a few days within giving it to him. This Lamb Chop toy has survived a whole month with all 5 of the squeakers still squeaking! I'm really impressed. It's very nicely priced in comparison to things I can get at the store too. I highly suggest!
9235	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We bought one of these from a local store for our 4-year-old 70lb black lab. We're not buying the hard plastic nylabone chews anymore; we should have stopped after we had problems with the first, but we figured it could have just been that particular product. He chewed chunks off these toys and choked on them. He didn't get hurt, but we did have to throw out a toy that lasted 20 minutes. What a bummer.
2803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My tiny toy poodle loves this toy ! erfect for the teeny ones !
9916	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Shipped quickly!  received next day in perfect condition.  This is the second one I've ordered, My Dog loves this. Great for strong large dogs over 95 lbs.  Lasts for a while.
447	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Worthless! I was so disappointed and worse I let my dogs suffer for over a month on the off chance it would start to work. I am one guilty furbaby mom :( ... don't waste your money
5524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived as expected... Great toy  for those dogs that love to fetch... and it saves your shoulder and arm  :)  My Border Collie loves this item, and yes I can wear him out now before he wears me out.  :)


UPDATE 2/6/15: My cat is now scoffing at the xbrands, half-heartedly eating them, and getting loads of potent gas when he does eat them. He's still cleaning his bowl spotless when he gets Max Cat Duck. So guess which brands/foods he's not getting anymore?
My cats have stopped screaming at me when it comes close to dinner time; instead, they just wait patiently for the dish to open.  They took to it instantly!
3522	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I cannot give this product enough Kudos. With two dogs over 130lbs, removing waste is a constant challenge particularly when the waste is not solid (a problem I have solved and will outline in a different review). These Mutt MItts do not tear or split and are as sanitary as anything I previously encountered. Because of their size, I take the dogs for long walks at 4:00am. Picking up waste used to be a nightmare but this was solved by these bags. My only negative is I wish I had designed and marketed these myself!
3311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As expected...outside cat, so I really can't tell if she actually has fleas or not!

7345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My labs love this toy for chewing. They are 7 and 3 years old. The toy holds up very well to their strong jaws.
4544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buy it! Great deal, great product.


5605	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We bought this to use in our backyard as it said it was a smaller version to throw the balls a shorter distance.  They weren't kidding.  We have a full-size chuckit and this junior version and this really doesn't throw nearly as far.  I'd say the average adult could throw just as far as this, so we've kind of rotated this out of usage and just use the full-size if going to a park and simply throw the ball by hand if we're in the backyard.  This was a waste of money as you can just use the full-size for shorter distances too and simply not throw the ball as far.
6816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bubble are awesome!! Some of the bubbles actually land without popping, which my cat go cuckoo for. They would just watch at first then they totally got into popping them. Then where the bubbles land smell like catnip so, they roll around wherever they land.
5730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my mom. She uses it on her night stand and keeps her controllers in there and her bills,checkbook, some of her meds, pens and alot more. She loves it
9948	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my cats favorite chow, although I do feed them another Purina Pro Plan also.  With 5 cats, I serve two varieties for them.
9874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat loves Friskies.  The variety pack gives me choices each day.  The price value is good.  He is an older cat, 15 years old.  I put a little olive oil into the food at times to keep down hair balls.
If you have more than one cat, I would get the "Mega" model, since it is bigger.  The new Advanced model isn't getting good reviews here at Amazon, so I would keep away from that unit.
3763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If Academy Awards were given out to poop collection bags - Mutt Mitts would take home the Oscar. Yes, poop patrol, every dog owners favorite past time. But you can now put this dreaded experience behind you and enter a new day in scooping the poop - with these superior, well designed pooh eliminators.

9965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Right now, this variety pack costs less than $11, which is pretty good, considering the size of the cans and the fact it's a 24-pack. My cat really seems to like it, and she eats each can of food pretty quickly.
3427	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this on my cats for 6 years and have yet to find a flea on my two indoor outdoor cats.

6524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Only litter we use..Works great with no dust!
with a little care and common sense, it does everything they say it does.
6200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Get this if you have any areas that have ticks. Works on humans and dogs/cats just as easily and scoops out the tick with it's head and feeding tube. You need this.
8383	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the favorite dog toy of all three dogs in the house.  They love to chew these things for hours in the evening.  They last much longer than rawhide bones do and provide excellent ROI.

I ordered this leash to give my niece for her birthday.  It's high quality and she'll love the cute blue accents.  It also comes with a doggie bag holder that already has a roll of doggie bags in it.
3319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best flee product for cats, I have tried other product but not compares to this. Its easy to apply and most important it odorless.
4454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it need more balls
Somehow the rake got stuck and preassure woud build and thwack! Poop and urine would fly.
8468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Second time buying these.
8834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	10 Koi ate it about 6 weeks until the average pond water temperature got below 55 degrees, then I switched them to wheat germ food.
3580	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these, no more poopy hands
Although it's our goal to ensure all the information on this website is correct, we cannot guarantee its completeness or its accuracy; nor can we commit to ensuring all the material is kept up-to-date on a daily basis.
5465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a torn Rotator Cuff AND a Golden Retriever who loves to play ball.  Before the ChuckIt! I could barely throw that ball 20 feet.  Now just a flick of my wrist send the ball sailing.  Be sure to get "The Whistler Balls" with it.  They bounce better than any ball I've ever used and my Golden LOVES chewing on them.  They must feel great in his mouth and they seem to be pretty indestructible!!!
9271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great, healthy dog food for any dog.
5604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of my Pit Bulls adore this toy.  It's a little shorter than the regular one, but still goes a good distance.  It holds regular tennis balls and anything that size.  When I first started bringing my new dog to the dog park, the Chuck-It was my way to get his attention, and for him to follow me to the exit to leave so I didn't have to chase him down.  It's like it hypnotizes my dogs.  Gives them fabulous exercise too!
7423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this brand several times for our chihuahua and he just loves it! He loves all the favors except for the white fish. So I no longer purchase the variety case, instead I purchase several cases of his favorites! He loves the duck and venison the most. We have purchased these several times over the past year and this brand is the only brand we will feed our little boy. Our vet says it is a perfect choice to maintain his healthy diet.
9673	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs loved it!
2636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great dog toy and tough but our dog got into stuffing on bears head. Replaceable squeaker is great and extends toy life
1026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I would first like to mention that I received this product for review by the company.
3416	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product on my cat every since I bought her and it is great. She was from the SPCA and was flea infested but as soon as I used Advantage she has not had any fleas since. My cat lives outside and she still does not pick up fleas.
7654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great toy!! The cats love it!!
9521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Another powerful chewer toy that survives the jaws. This is another one that is unpleasant to step on and is a good idea to replace regularly (we replace ours annually), but a great choice for the powerful chewer in your life
5992	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat started standing on the top of this while it rotates, and then the dish won't go to the next section of the feeder. My cat then wouldn't get fed and would be acting crazy and I couldn't figure out why until I realize it was no longer advancing. Then the other day I watched the dish advance and then just randomly go back to the empty section. The motor is blown. I guess it was ok for the price but I wouldn't buy it again.
Highly recommended!
5278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A win win for the big dogs who love to play ball
.
1627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My standard poodle loves these and when I could no longer purchase them at my local Petsmart or in any other store in our area I turned to Amazon.  I really don't know what I will do when I can no longer find them- these are great because my dog can enjoy them without getting stomach problems. She loves them and we give her one whenever we go out to keep her busy and happy
3789	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It Has Plastic Clips That Hold The Bars On Before I Went To Use It One Already Broke. Dogs can Break It And Get Out So Easy. Why In The Heck didn't it Have Metal Clips. TO CHEAPLY MADE. I Have German Shepherds Not CHIHUAHUA's  DO NOT LIKE..
4403	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy!!! Throws the ball way farther than I'm able to on my on, tiring my pup out all the faster.  Highly recommend!
2541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My goodness; my brother bought me one of these for Christmas in 2012 as a gift for my dog. My dog is a toy lover, but when he realized Mr. Bill also talked when he was bitten, he fell in love. Mr. Bill has been his favorite toy ever since, in spite of the fact that he stopped saying "oh nooo" after about 2 days. It felt like the sound box came apart but there's no way to fix it without cutting the doll open. Regardless of the lack of sound, Roscoe carried Bill everywhere and put him through many doggy ER operations. Alas, doggy-medicine failed to save Bill's internal organs. He lasted about 6 months but was definitely worth every penny. Even without any stuffing, I kept the doll because Roscoe kept crying at the trash can when I tried to throw him away. Your dog will love one.

7787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I believe this food is the most healthy canned food my cat will eat regularly.  He prefers some types that have the regular grains, etc. and not as good ingredients such as the veggies here, I like him to have a better quality and this seems to be the one!
7554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is all I will ever feed them now! I used to feed them HILLS, but hard food isn't enough to sustain ANY animal. Also, hard food is all carbs. Also, ever feel that Grease in dry food? Thats aninal fat sprayed into it to make it more inticing. Too much dry food and not enough water can give your little friend balder issues! I did a search and found this was one of the rated brandsas there are NO byproducts. When you hear, byproducts you're giving your little friend everything BUT the chicken itself.
7514	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I just started giving my puppy the food from this batch of Wellness Just for Puppies- she usually loves this food. The consistency of the food was liquid and she refused to eat it. Opened 2 other cans from this same batch and same consistency! I called Wellpet (Wellness) and after giving serial number on bottom of can , customer rep said this batch was produced in West Coast facility where the product is a loser consistency than product produced in East Coast facility. I wish I knew this before ordering a brand new case of 12 from Amazon this week, Too bad Amazon gets this product from both facilities and doesn't' let consumer know..my puppy knows which consistency she likes-East Coast batch which is firmer and slightly different taste..
7860	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very long lasting but can get sharp when dog chews enough of it

I take my puppy poo three times a day, and wash it with hot water and soap in-between. (Currently, I'm using plastic shopping bags.) IF it starts to smell or once a week, which ever comes first, I soak it overnight in pure, white vinegar to disinfect it, and take away any stench of dog poo.
1644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one of these I have bought.  I take them to work with me.  I work 12 hour shifts as a nurse and it will keep my drink cold for much of those 12 hours.


5860	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them and he's finicky
2913	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cute toy but lasted about 5 minutes with my Golden.
7945	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Buy foods that have the word chicken, Beef, Salmon or any meat as first ingredient followed by meat meal and then legumes such as any bean. This food is a 1 star food. Go to petfoodadvisor.com and see for yourself. There are better and less expensive foods out there and on Amazon. I feed 4-Health grain free kibble available at tractor supply and blue wilderness canned available on here. Both cheaper than this stuff and are 4 and 5 star foods. Veterinarians do recommend this food more than any other food and that's because for many years you could only buy it from them. That is still the case at many veterinarians. Your dog will live and look fine but he will not thrive on this food. Eventually you will have problems of some sort. I'm the proud owner of a 17 year old healthy Shih Tzu and a one-year-old yorky. Are shitzu has only been in the veterinarian one time is 17 years and that's for eating poisonous mushrooms. Dogs are more carnivorous and eat more like wolves than anything else. You don't see wolves eating corn on the cob and very little in the way of vegetable matter. Think about that when you go to buy your food. Remember on the ingredient list the first ingredient has more of that ingredient than the second does or the third does. So with this food the second and third and fourth ingredient overrides the first so you're getting more grains than you're getting meat in this product. Pet foodadvisor.com will really help you out. I believe that's the name of the website you can Google it and it's absolutely free. There are so many foods out there that are better than this. This is on par with Ole Roy and Purina Dog Chow which are one star. When you know better you do better and my family did and my dogs have flourished and thrived.
It is sturdy but If I need another box in future, this is the one.
8825	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	not sure what the hype is. my dog loves toysl he'll chew most to exhaustion, but this didn't even phase him
5989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I needed something to titrate food out to my furry kid while I am away for a few days. Since she is unsocial to say the least, so having a person come over and do this while I am out is pointless. She just wants the food from them & hides until they leave. I tried it out on an overnight trip to make sure it worked & it's great! Does exactly what I need it to.
5648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My wife picked this up locally and our dog loves it, as do we.
4878	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the chuckit. I can throw the ball so far with this product also, the medium size is perfect for my boarder collie.
8478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this!
5682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These mitts are just perfect to cover up my tiered hands while I have paraffin on after a long typing on computer day at work. They keep heat for an hour or so and feet perfectly and secure. Velcro works incredible as well to secure them by not moving around. Fabric is on softer side and lining would keep these mitts last me forever. You  got to get these , plus price from this company is very reasonable compare to other sellers. Would buy from them again.
2836	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My BAD!  Didn't realize how bitsy  and diminutive  they were..... :-(
225	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	After using the gate for a short time the slates came out. I have tried to glue them back in but very hard to do. I am so disappointed. It is not working for me. I spent too much money for this gate.
8208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very small kibble but dog loved it!
He's Soooo... Practical & Makes So Much Sense!!
6945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hi! I am a very spoiled Joshua. My mom used to buy me the indoor cat formula but one of my siblings and I started projectile vomiting. My sister decided to change us to the senior diet (My brother is 7 and I am 17; my sister went with my mom at age 18.) After we started getting this new kibble no more vomiting.
866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved it and that's a huge endorsement since he likes only homemade food.
1621	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these treats, and we do too as they have healthy ingredients.  We purchase them as soon as the supply goes down.
2645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kong Kong Kong I cant say enough great things about the Kong Brand! This one has minimal stuffing and has lasted over 3 months with 4 dogs.
5723	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect on my desk. It has a big enough drawer to hold note paper and stamps etc, but still doesn't take up too much room.
No, I don't know how a child would react because I purchase them for myself. :)
8615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My new cat, Pepita, really likes this food, which was given to her in the Humane Society of Huron Valley.  I could not  find it locally, and am glad I found it on - where else- Amazon.com!  She also enjoys her wet food, but if her dry food bowl is empty, she will cry for me to fill it!  What really pleases  me is that she likes both foods that are extremely good for her!!!
1389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finally, a planner that has enough room to write in, no more tiny writing that I can't decipher after the fact. The best planner by far.
643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this toy, it's perfect size for her mouth to chew and squeak but small enough that she doesn't destroy it. Perfect size for up to medium sized dog.
8501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love friskies & I don't have to worry about running  out by buying cases.
Smell is barely noticeable in the room the box is in. I got a plug in deodorizer and that took care of that problem.
1426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely loved these treats. The second he caught a whiff of the smokey scent, he came running over and licked his lips. When he tried one, he immediately wanted more. The treats are soft and easy to break into smaller pieces. They have a rather strong smell, but this was a pro as my dog was excited about it. My dog can be a picky eater, but these are still his favorite treats.
3643	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT BUY THESE. At first they are great and are well thought out. However over time the sides split and then they start to flake. Those little flakes get on and stick to nearly everything they come in contact with. We put them in a backpack for a hike before we caught that they were flaking and we are still picking off little white flakes from items stored in that backpack weeks later. Virtually all the bags seemed to disintegrate at around the same time.
The only reason I gave this 2 stars is because it did save on the amount of litter consumed, however that was offset by the need to get a premium brand. I can't recommend this machine, although in all fairness, we do have 2 cats and that may be one too many for this machine to handle properly.
It is true The YN is very absorbent!
66	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the cookbook can't wait to start cooking for my dogs!!!!
5382	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have been using a size smaller and my dog is wearing me out.  Moved to this larger size so that I can throw the ball farther.  Very nice.
many of our pets are no longer sick as often.
4439	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Invaluable for tiring out my canine boarders, and save my throwing arm/shoulder- the "chuck it" brand ball that came with it, fell apart almost immediately- clearly not a proper, quality ball like you should expect, but a cheap knockoff ball
3) Don't bother with the tent. It's huge, the opening isn't wide enough to fully open the litter cover when you go to empty it and if your cat is as vigorous as mine at covering the litter, it will get in between the box and tent and is hard to clean. I find the height of the littermaid is enough that he doesn't fling litter out the back or sides, just occasionally over the litter recepticle when it's getting too full.
271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect! I got three different colors/words all in the small for my Jack-Russel/Rat Terrier mix and my two Rat Terriers. They fit all three perfectly. It's bright, well made, and enough padding that they comfy in it. Unlike the other 2 I ordered, the green "friendly" one has a ring on the harness at the back and on the front too. The yellow and white only have d-rings on the back. Really worked out great for my needs. Very happy with my purchase. My dogs are all different sizes from 10 lbs to 20 and different heights, neck and girth, but the small fit all 3 beautifully. I'm delighted with the purchase and glad I decided to splurge on these and the matching collars. Even my nervous dog who refuses to move if you try to put anything on her is comfy in her new halter and really doesn't seem to mind wearing it at all!
6910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It not only meets my expectations, it also meets my cat's which is the most important
Hands down, as the owner of an allergy prone cat, it's the best in my opinion.
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
9938	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves them. Great price.
24	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	power mune by vet vitals is good for immune system, really works, good for fixing immune system, this one is chicken flavor, power mune will make a tiger out of your dog or cat. actually powerful.
4874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Saw a guy at the dog park using one of these at the dog park and had to have one. It's works great and keeps from getting slobber all over my hands. Also I can throw the ball for hours and not get a sore shoulder.

5716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful and elegant.  Easy assembly.
[...]
2929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Lab loved this little teddy bear.  He chewed it to a piece of scrap and still loved playing with it.  We accept that because that's what Labs do, they chew.

254	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cats don't like this and wouldn't eat it but then, they are kinda fussy.
pets much more efficient.
991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great little pump!  This is my third one but for other uses...  only had one quit and that was after 12 years!
3845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have smaller dogs that love to play ball, these are smaller tennis balls that fit more comfortably in their mouths!  Not so small as to present a choking hazard, but small enough to allow them to breath as they're playing fetch.
8965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good healthy treats, my dog loves them.
604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lots of chewing surfaces so it lasts longer than some toys that are easy to dismantle. My Goffin likes it quite well.
What did surprise me was the fact that it stayed down! Her upset tum seems to be mellowing out on this food, and she eagerly looks forward to meal times - she loves the taste of this food! At her advanced age I try to make every day a good day, as I know it might just be her last. This Pro Plan 'Savor' seems to be something she really enjoys, which makes me happy too.
7476	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good cat food, speedy delivery
8165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only brand of food i feed my dogs and I'm very happy with it.  My last dog lived to be 14 and my current dog is over 15 so I feel Hill's must be meeting their dietary needs.  It also keeps their stools firm and causes no stomach upset.  Further, compared to many super market brands, Hills is much less greasy in the storage jar, which is a big plus for me when serving it.  Amazon did a great job delivering this quickly and safely, but the shipping box was not well reinforced with packing tape and the seams were nearly open upon arrival.
3027	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This product is well made and does what it is supposed to do. In addition, it is exactly as the vendor described it. I left one star off due to one part of the belt that I didn't care for. As you can see from the picture, the small piece and the longer lease part are attached to the belt. The issue is that easily fall off the belt while you are taking it off and on. Otherwise, it has worked extremely well for our Lab puppy.
I must give credit where credit is due - I have used Frontline before for my cats, and have been very satisfied with the results from that one. However, I decided to try Advantage this time, as I'd heard good things about it, and it was on sale at a discount when I needed it. I couldn't be more pleased. Unlike most other topical applications where the flea substance is put on the shoulder blades of the cats and stinks (STINKS!), this has no easily discernable smell.
8578	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I did not personally eat it but my puppies always seem to enjoy it!!

About once a month, I DustBuster the mechanical parts and use a bathroom wipe as needed. I have always used disposable blue plastic-lined bed pads under litter boxes so any accidents are easy to take care of. You can get them in the Depends aisle at the drug store -- or search for "underpads" here at Amazon. Accidents are few with the LitterMaid as the sides are very high. I had one dear sweet princess that would, at times, stand in the box with her back-end over the storage container. Until she passed away we just didn't use a lid. The Littermaid even kept her from peeing on the floor.

7829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this! So happy to have found a great brand.
- gets stuck a lot. When it does, it doesn't intelligently back up or stop, it keeps trying to move forward making a loud clicking sound
5988	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This unit has no clock, only a timer. Feeding dish does not rotate at proper timer intervals and sometimes rotates two spaces at a time. In addition, you have to use a Phillips screwdriver to change the batteries, which is ridiculous. I bought two, and returned them both. We currently use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ergo-8-Day-Auto-Pet-Feeder/dp/B0008173UQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ergo 8-Day Auto Pet Feeder</a>, which works much better.
our town. These are are one of the only treats I can feed my two yorkies that don't
After looking extensively in stores and online, we chose this one.  First of all, we needed a fold-up ramp to store either in the car for short trips or on the rooftop carrier for long trips.  We also needed a ramp that would not flex too much and scare the dogs with its instability.  In addition, I can't handle a very heavy ramp myself, so it had to work for me, as well.
9544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great chew toy

5254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good for small areas.  also good enough for the park.  If your dog loves to chase balls like mine, this will be good for you.
6981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	She enjoys it.
1764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for gifts and glad I got one for my own dog! High quality.
1554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My youngest wnated to ge ther sister a stuffed peacock...I have no idea why. It's cute, colorful and soft.
6253	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High quality - love that it is delivered on a schedule.
6453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat loves this toy! Our dog enjoys watching the ball go round and round too.
We took the two we had taken to our Vet who immediately put them on Hill's Science Diet for kittens and soft food.  They adapted very well and now with them turning a year, we are going to the next step of the Hill's Science Diet.
9631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I rated this product as I did because it may have a little dust but not near as much as others I have used... The price is right on this product being it is delivered in 2 days to my door... I choose the 14 lb box as my litter box is upstairs and it's a pain to haul the bigger boxes up the steps... One other thing I find the smaller box good for is storing the used litter until I fill the box.... I can then carry the used litter downstairs to dispose.... I wash the litter box a couple times a month and 14 lbs fill it nicely... My cats are not picky about scented or unscented and I have used both with good results...
8639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are some of the best hard treats I have found for my big dog.  I like they have limited ingredients because so many treats today are just junk and full of all sorts of yuck that our dogs don't need.
I did alot of research before buying this ramp.  I noticed that there is another version of this ramp that is 4 pounds heavier.  My ramp is 18.5 pounds but some of these ramps are advertised at 22 pounds.  I can manage the 18 pounds very well but also appreciate it not being heavier.
I have three things to say for prospective buyers: First, is your dog long-haired? If so, and you want this harness for the words (caution, nervous, etc), skip it. Their fur will cover up the message (my dog has short-to-medium fur and some of the fur on her neck folds over the edges of the harness). Try a leash instead maybe.
32	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loved it.
4667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuck Its are great at getting my puppy to run faster to chase a far-thrown ball. Perfect for helping her e pens that puppy energy!
9150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Cat is obsessed with the little ball running in the sideway. He sometimes scratches the middle but he likes spending time with the ball more. Good product with a reasonable price.
2394	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The thin, sock mesh on the nose gave out after one day.  Total POS.
4042	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great!!!!
8473	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup is not picky when it comes to food, but he does love it when I put this in his Kong and freeze it. I like that it has the chunks of meat that can fall out and the broth means it freezes really well. It keeps him engaged for a good long while so I can go to the store and he doesn't feel left out. I like that he eats better than me. Lol
I was using Frontline on my indoor cats and it worked well for awhile then it stopped working all together. The cats were treated, we bombed the house we bathed them to no avail! So I took them to the Vet because I couldn't take it anymore! She said sometimes you have to change so we tried the Advantage, bombed the house and it worked! My kitties are flea free and I'm so happy to see them not itching and miserable!
912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent backpack. Never had one that was made this well.
4034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Durable.  The covers get wet and slimy pretty quickly so I wish there was a bit less fuzz on the covering.  I don't normally pick them up anyway, but use the tosser.
8496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great option for our puppy! He loves his stuff. Plus, the pricing can't be beat by brick and mortar stores.
I can attest that after a long Thanksgiving holiday of using the Aukey, it's not only economical but a lifesaver. For example, we got lost on the way to my Uncle's house at night and our GPS was basically drained. Needless to say, it was reassuring to know that we could plug in the GPS, my Samsung Galaxy and my BF's iPhone all at once. We didn't even have to bother my mom who was busy talking on her cellphone to even notice we were lost.
8754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 23 Koi have been on this diet for 16 years and they are awesome.  Great color on my Koi and they love the damn food.  Now I wish the raccoons would go away.
Other than those two things, this leash is great!
205	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	good BASIC training for your dog. a step one book, not much after that, as the title says,"Getting Started"
2883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The dogs love these kind of toys.  I would like them better if there were no stuffing in it at all (the head has some), and if there were less seams for the dogs to rip open.  I do like that the removable squeaker is inside a removable sherpa pouch that has a velcro closure.
8862	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dogs have no interest in these. I think they need some kind of flavor.
8011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have ordered SPORTMIX peanut bisuits and these, too, were a hit in our house.  I break the biscuits in half as they are big enough to do that.
As mentioned by other reviewers, I also use Fresh Step litter.  Yes, it's expensive, but you will need very little of it in the Litter Maid.  Also, due to the volume issues mentioned above and the size of my cat, I learned to add a LITTLE BIT of the Fresh Step blue crystals to the Litter Maid about twice per week, even though the instructions advise against crystals in the machine.  After a cleaning cycle, I simply sprinkle about ONE CUP of crystals along the resting position of the rake.  This works perfectly to keep the clumping litter from sticking to the rake.
7747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat's say they love it!
5183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good price, quality product, quick shipping.
4171	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My French Bulldog LOVES all balls and he loves the Chuckit balls, as well. The only thing is, he can destroy them in one day. He doesn't even really chew on them that much. After a full day of fetch, he gives them a good work-out and within two days, he had split two out of three in half. Compared to the Kong balls of the same size that he's had for months, they can't compare in quality. I think he prefers the bright orange color, but the name peels off as soon as it gets wet and they don't hold up to jaw pressure. I love the Chuckit! stick, but the tennis balls need to be made of higher quality. They're too expensive to have to throw away after one day's use.
9487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	All 5 of my cats like this food and flavor.  As well as two strays who get a bit of it mixed with grain-free dry.  I order 2 cases of Wellness per month.  This cat food is about as natural as we can get at a good price in the tall can, compared to needing several short cans for my 5 cats.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because Wellness uses carageenan.  I am concerned about giving this ingredient to my cats daily.  Carageenan has shown in lab studies to cause intestinal upset.  While my cats don't have that, I am concerned that daily use could lead to intestinal upset over the long run.  Nearly every company uses carageenan in their wet food.  If there is a company that doesn't, usually they use some other ingredient that is more serious to avoid or it is just too high priced for my budget.  I had a kitty who at 12 years of age developed irritable bowel problems and vomiting that grew worse and worse as she went from 8 to 4 lbs., went on prednisone (nothing natural helped her) and subsequently passed at 13 from malnutrition.  I don't know if this was caused by the carageenan or contributed, but probably not because I tried taking her off this food with no improvement.  I also tried cooking her meat and changed meat sources.  I think the biggest problem for our cats and dogs is the GMO corn that is fed to the animals (chickens, etc) used in pet food.
Overall great product.

1571	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys are 13 and 12 yrs old so this stuff is like a miracle worker.  They run and play like young pups without the pain they would normally have with out the expensive vet meds.
391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these collars for just about a year and a half.  My one dog really really hated the drop type flea and tick.  i would put it on him and he would avoid me for days.  Whatever it was he really hated it.  So to that end i would not always give him the drops or i would forget.  He spends a lot of time out side and has had flea and tick issues in the past.  BUT not in the last 2 years that i have been using these collars.  He doesnt mind at all and has had no adverse reactions.
If you have a small cat that is in perfect health and has nice neat tiddy excrement than maybe this product would work for you. As for me, I'm looking for a nice LARGE size old fashion litter box
2958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lulu's a small rat terrier mix.  She needs a tiny toy and this is perfect!  We keep a stack of them!
4903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	awesome little toy dogs love it.
** I won't buy this in bulk from Amazon until I know this transition is over with- I can't risk getting the old formula-
I LOVE this product and HIGHLY recommend it!!!
2201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Big Lab LOVES MR. BILL!
8828	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this food. Shipping was fast and the price was good. No problems.
1821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my dogs love Lambchop but they have found it's weakness.  The seam along the back breaks easily and they love to pull the stuffing out.  I have repaired several and I keep buying them because the dogs will play tug of war and fetch with Lambchop.
4566	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased the 14S launcher, the one used with the small balls.  It is worthless.  It holds onto the ball so tightly that the ball cannot be thrown.  Even the ball that came with the launcher cannot be launched.
I would buy this again, if it were not for the darned lid.
4160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great doggie gift!
8963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Doggy likes

We aren't so naive as to believe that one or more of the unholy trio won't ultimately max out on MAX CAT. Why, it could happen as soon as this evening. But, in the meantime and until we're forced back to square one, gratitude is due Nutro and MAX CAT foods.
1338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a little 6 lb dog, this ball is too big. I gave it to a friend who has a 20 lb dog who destroys everything, the dog also destroyed this ball. the dog loved the ball till she destroyed it.
4954	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I'm not sure what compelled the manufacturer to change the Chuckit stick the way they did but it is now complete garbage. It's totally flimsy, hard to throw, and hard to grab the ball from the ground. The old design it a million times better. If you are a returning customer thinking that you're getting the old Chuckit stick that's sturdy and has that nice rubber grip, DO NOT BUY THIS. This feels like a cheap knock-off but the sad thing is that it IS a Chuckit product. Just save yourself the aggravation and walk away.
4407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We were looking for the longer chuckit and didn't notice this one is a sort one with a small ball for a smaller dog. It isn't worth sending it back so we are giving it to a neighbor that has a small dog.
I posted several photos of our cats' first encounter with the CCAS. I'll try to get some more with a clearer shot, but I wanted to catch the first reactions. It was popular right out of the box! Nascar was the first to try it out (because Katy was sleeping). He loved it! Now, you'll note in the background of my pics that you'll see an Emery Cat scratcher back there too (the arched one). My daughter bought that for Nascar for his birthday. We thought he'd love it. Nope! He didn't want anything to do with it. The texture of that one is VERY rough, like an emery board, and we think it was uncomfortable on his paws. He loved the feather thing that came with it, and that was all. It has sat taking up floor space for 4 months.
but one of my cats went after it like a toy and had to replace.

190	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Excellent.....and it works!!
9194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super liked these.  My can loves them, my son (who feeds my cat) loves them.  I enjoy having this on amazon prime delivery system too.
2157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these Lambchop squeaky toys. They carry them around, bring them to me to throw or play tug with.  One just loves to sit and squeak it. We have 3 now.
1867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Soft and sweet for my sweet Moe
9146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it.
833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent, no-nonsense planner for those who need to keep track of important occasions and dates (some of them on the same day), with room to spare.  It also includes important dates and holidays, eight pages for notes, and several for planning and other events.  What I like best about this planner is that there is enough room to write several important occasions and/or appointments in each box due to one month taking up two pages, and each page is a generous 8.5" X 11".  The tabs and bungee cord make it easy to pick up where you left off, or go where you want to be.  ACCO hits a home run with this informative, no-frills "At-A-Glance" 2016 monthly planner, for those who need lots of room to write.  Last, but not least, is that the simple black "leatherette" look (and feel), is always in style.

405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this collar for my dogs and 1 cat. They had no  negative reactions. All I say is when you put it on them just take notice of any behavioural changes, like over scratching at the neck or lethargy. My other cat couldn't wear one because she constantly tried to chew the collar off, so it was the liquid form for her.
7263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I believe my 6-year-old has a sensitive stomach or something because she has not been able to eat a single wet food Ive given her without throwing up. Ive tried countless amounts of brands and types, and she either didn't like the taste and wouldnt bother eating, or shed throw up if she did. This food, however, has been amazing. She hasn't thrown up once from it and seems to like the taste just fine. My kitten likes it as well and the shelter I work at hands this out to our kitten fosters. Id highly recommend.
I LOVE this product and HIGHLY recommend it!!!
4397	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup is obsessed with this thing!!!!  Chuckit's are her crack. This totally helps in not having to grab her ball when its all slimy/ slippery (i use the ultra ball with squeaker). I can finally throw the ball far for my baby and not having it slip out of my hand in mid throw! lol
2437	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love it but died the same day.
9999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for small dogs. Keeps their mind active while they try to dig for the ball. Funny thing is: I bought it for the scratchy surface
7232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats like it.
-has a very slight scent to it that covers up the litterbox smell and didn't seem to irritate my rats
4972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great tool for throwing balls. I can throw them a lot farther so our Aussie and Border Collie get more exercise!!!  It really does work!!!
9153	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are huge! I use them for my bunnies as a litter box/ hay feeder and they're litter trained to a T. Very spacious medium depth not extra tall but it's big and tall enough for a large - XL cat or even multiple cats! Thick plastic that doesn't bend which prevents unnecessary spills or cracks from lifting. Love the lower front entrance, great for kittens or small animals to get access to easily. Not your average flimsy litter box, this one's a very spacious keeper unless you have a high peeing animal then I would recommend getting a domed cat box to protect your walls. Hope this helped!  :) Let me know if it did
I would recommend this and will probably buy another once I get drunk and step on this one.

7898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is pretty much the only food that my cat won't eat messily
5123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the small size chuck it.  It fits in my backpack and in my back pocket.  So much easier to carry around.
2187	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Out of all the toys my dogs (Springer Spaniel and Spinone Italiano) got for Christmas this is their favorite. Not sure why but the size seems perfect and they must like the feel in their mouth. It does get dirty so I will be giving it a bath soon. We named it Lambie Pie and if we say go get Lambie Pie they both go running.
4368	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	first website description not clear about the ball size, very clear about the length
8249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats favorite!
2039	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Multipet-Plush-Dog-Toy-Lambchop/dp/B003XVYKVI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Multipet Plush Dog Toy, Lambchop</a>&nbsp;Adorable and the pup loves it so much , made his day . he carried all day long wouldn't share with any of his brothers or sisters . Give it A+ !!!
pros:  they like it,  not the most expensive cat food, but yet is high quality, does not result in smelly waste after digestion

5330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog destroyed the included ball within a span of a few months. It was split open and then jest sort of flattened. The plastic launcher though is excellent! It is very nice not having to pick up the slobbery ball with my hands. This also really gets the ball launched too. I really like it. I know Chuckit sells more solid balls, but it doesn't come with this toy.
While it's over a dollar fifty a pound; a tad expensive, I think this product is a good choice for adult dogs with sensitive stomachs. One worth considering, especially if your dog is at all finicky.
8553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality ingredients (fits vet recommended "first three ingredients must be meat, and not by-product or broth").  Cats love it.  A little more expensive but it is so rich in real food that they will need to eat far less (compare to cans with a lot of liquid).
3889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not as durable as regular tennis balls, but fun until they are broken through.

6258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab mix really likes this food. We're on the third bag and he hasn't gotten tired of it like other foods. He also has a sensitive stomach but this food doesn't seem to bother him at all. Try a small bag first if you're iffy.
6026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My little dog loves these, although I don't think they help her bad breathe very much

5590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these Throwers, which I get for the use at my local Dog Park.  They are durable and well made and after the original ball is ruined by slobbering dogs, chewing and crunching on the balls, the nice thing is that they can be used with regular tennis balls.
I can't say anything about the long-term reliability of this one, but it's quieter than the others and the motor sounds stronger.
5126	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thx
They would probably be too big for the smallest dogs though (2" diam). My dog is 12 pounds and they are on the big size for her.
8036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I started my new puppy off on Hill's Science Diet Puppy Healthy Development.  She loves it.
8253	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs enjoyed them!
334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We had been using the "blind dog" leash. Decided to add the vest because many people didn't notice the leash.

3206	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	These wafers did not help my dog's motion sickness in the car.  Based on other reviews, I was really hopeful, but after only an hour my little girl got sick all over the place.  I also tried to give her a wafer a few times at home, she always ate them, but did not help with her being hyper all the time (she's a Pomeranian).  Really wished they worked...
9637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	$61 shipped for this is an excellent value.  My Koi's love them.
1041	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you want the best, select Droll Yankee.  My feeders and seed catches are beautiful.  The seed catch is nice and big and does the best job.
6114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Chose this ramp due to it's numerous positive reviews. Liked the fact that it folded instead of telescoping. The weight rating was also a good selling feature. The downside was it was too short for my needs. No matter how I tried to convince my dog to use it, the steepness of the ramp was too much for him. In his defense, he is a large (100 lb), senior (10 yr) golden with hip dysplasia. The ramp was well made and had great traction and would still recommend it even though it wasn't for me.

5203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this little launcher! If your dogs are anything like mine they will play fetch for hours on end and their ball gets disgusting! This thing is great because you will never have to touch that slobbery ball again and it can launch really far.
7027	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cats love this food, but I will never buy it from Amazon again.
3154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's working fine, my dog told me so
7729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food has been invaluable in keeping weight on my elderly dog.  It is high in calories and easily digested so it is good for an older dog with a sensitive stomach who is not a big eater.  The wellness core puppy has also worked well.  Before this, I had tried more than a dozen foods unsuccessfully.  This food is more economical than it seems too because the high caloric content means you can feed less.
5791	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like it but it's an odd configuration.  Right now i'm questioning the durability of the attachment that holds the two green poles together.  Time will tell. Only used once so the jury is still out.  If it fails I'll update.
7331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The only canned cat food my cats will eat!
2336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a nice toy!!  I have 2 small dogs and they really enjoy this toy.
(& p.s. I have a Siberian Husky with super long hair, and a Great Dane with short hair - so it works great on everyone).
7708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog (2 yrs old) loves this mixed in the evening with Wellness Super5 Mix (a 6oz can plus a cup of dried -- she's 37 lbs). Never any fussiness, and it's kept her health and coat healthy since I rescued her a year ago.  I highly recommend this brand.  See what works for your pup.

This knife does a nice job when you are breaking down a big piece of meat. Its also good for chasing your mis-behaving employees around the kitchen with. (Just kidding, I use my serrated knife for that).

664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They're jacks. I'm not sure how much the quality of jacks varies by brand but these seem identical to the ones I had as a kid in the early 1980s. I used these as a stocking stuffer for my niece and nephew. Not sure if they cared but I thought they were fun. =)
3185	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	dog would not eat them too dry and hard
1117	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They are thin but work great. They fit just like the manufacturer ones that came with the littermaid automatic litter box.
9230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The three Nutro MaxCat Kitten Food cans are on our Vet's recommended nutritiion list for kittens thru one year.  Our 4-month old kitten has gained weight nicely even while being extremely active.  She seems to like all three varieties, but "prefers" to have changes from one to another on a regular basis.
4444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great fetch toy.  Balls are durable and throwing mechanism is ideal for throwing ball far distances and not throwing out your arm.
I gave this 5 stars because it has now become an essential tool to deal with my dogs energy.  Keeping her exercised makes life a lot easier in the house.
3256	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This product seems like it would be a lot of fun, but as it turns out, the bubbles are watered down and the applicator is too short.  With the solution being watered down, it only blows a few bubbles at a time and even then, it's not continous.  You can dip & blow as many times as you want, but it just runs out of the applicator into your hands, or onto your clothes.  It doens't damage your clothing, but who wants to walk around with wet bubble solution on their clean clothes?  So the applicator is to short and it falls into the bottle NEVER to be returned unless you do like I did, and find a twig in the grass to help dig it out.  It was no fun for me because I had to do extra, extra work to get three bubbles, and it was no fun for my dog [Mabel] because she spent more time waiting for me to blow a bubble than actually chasing them.  Boooo!
I left it unplugged for a week, it never worked again. The customer service rep told me "your best option is to just go buy a new one!"  I can see how the company makes their money now.
4070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great, durable little balls for the pup to chase down.  He loves them and they really hold up to the chewing.

The other dog had some alarming sounds coming from her stomach last night.  She seems fine today, but I think if the first dog had not become sick and if I had kept giving Canidae, I think this dog would have eventually become sick as well.
3836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've long used the Bissell Spot-Bot for the occasional stain from my cat.  The machine works great, but I've found the cost of the formula to be way too high.  Happily, I got to try out this pre-treatment, and am really glad I did.  Although it's intended to be used in conjunction with the regular formula, I decided to try it alone on a couple of mild stains (fresh ones).  Then I loaded the machine with plain water and walked away.  When I came back, the stains were completely gone - and at a fraction of the cost of using the in-machine formula.  I also like that using plain water to clean up the pre-treatment means I don't have to worry about any cleaning residue on the carpet.

8205	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good food and the dogs are happy
So that's why I rated this a four, it's a good toy for fetch but more importantly I couldn't rate it much lower since my dog really DOES love this toy.  Yes, it ends up being destroyed but she has a great time doing it and it keeps her busy for awhile.
You have to be really carefully about how much litter you put in the box and if your cat is like my boy and has a good size bladder you're in trouble.
846	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog loves these but price was way WRONG!!
766	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Love the look of the calendar, but the dates are incorrect by 1 day from March 2017-on.
7417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I hate to leave the house
8120	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't love these but my dogs do, they go nuts when it's treat time, even if they are going in their crate to get them. I now make sure I have several bags on hand so that I don't run out.
172	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Like the above reviewer, I too believe this is the best ever, conceived, designed, and produced, large/covered bowl on the market!!! I am currently trying in vain to find another one. It is hard to find a lot of Bodum in the US. There is an Adobe pdf online,of all their products, & if you are a kitchen princess like me, you would drool perusing it. Although they  do have this bowl listed, it doesn't say how to purchase one. I had mine for about 8 yrs. It was perfect for when you have to make tons of say potato salad, or maybe 2 pounds of macaroni salad & want to take it to a gathering & have it look absolutely beautiful. The cover fit well. It was a beautiful object.......until I made the mistake of sending it with my husband to a hunting weekend. Broken on the trip home!
5903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have two bichon dogs ages 7 and 5.  My five year old has clicking joints and I thought I'd try these.  So far they're still clicking but both dogs LOVE these treats. I think I'll have to get joint food as well as the treats.  Treats worked before alone.  For the price and how the dogs like these I plan on reordering them.  I break them in half most of the time since they are nice size even with the "small" size.
1044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seed tray fit perfectly on the tube bird feeder.
7953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a very picky eater that weighs 25 lbs. and these bones are the only one he will eat we have tried a number of others but he sticks his nose up on them.

It is very bulky to try to handle and clean. After I would clean it best I could (I use bleach cleaner and alcohol) it would still stink to high heaven!

Useless item and waste of my money.
What a difference a scooper makes! It never clogs, there's never any after-pooping clean-up, and I can use small trash bags instead of the more expensive catchers they recommend. With a large cat, the Robot will fill up after about 1 or 2 weeks. It has a big area to store the poop, it's out of the way, and it doesn't smell! How this thing works exactly is ingenious, and worth the price tag (yes, it's up there). But for sheer simplicity and not having to deal with clogged and dirty boxes, I would gladly pay more. Well, maybe not that much more!
9635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Koi fish loved it and  I feed them regularly with this product.
6812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are really good.  My cats love them.  I like the large size.
8183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good consistent quality. Both My Girls lvoe the food, and my "pudgy" kitty is dropping her excess weight and geting healthier. Most pleased!
8422	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried cheaper brands and my cats (Bengals with sensitive stomachs) often end up getting sick. They do well on this cat food - they vomit less, their coats are shiny and they are generally in better health. I did try downgrading their food for a while to save money but it was not worth the vet bills that ensued. I have decided that it's better to feed them quality food and pay the little bit extra. The only complaint I have is that for some silly reason,  it is cheaper to buy twelve of these 12.5 oz cans than it is to buy a case of twenty-four of the 5.5 oz cans of the same exact stuff. I normally would feed two 5.5 oz cans a day....so I am paying less money to feed them 12.5 oz a day in the large cans vs. 11 oz of the same exact stuff packaged in two of the smaller cans. In essence, I am paying less and getting more food by purchasing the larger can. That said, I don't like having a can standing open all day (even refrigerated) and  would rather feed them two fresh 5.5 oz cans a day - so would be happy to see the cost of the 5.5 oz cans come down to match the cost of the larger cans.
2269	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	too funny and the dog loves it.
7194	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it.

My only complaint is the ball that comes standard with it is like a tennis ball, and my dog ate the fuzz off it... Luckily enough I had purchased a non-fuzzy Chuckit! glow ball to go with this toy.
1897	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great combination of plush and old-school toy.
3101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had  been looking for a way to walk my dogs without all that pulling on my shoulders.  I have to walk with walking poles so it was really miserable to have two leashes and the poles.  Teaching them to heal with poles was hopeless. Now I can walk them comfortably.  I am very happy.

9520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great toy for chewing puppies
At first I thought there were no more fleas in the neighborhood, but the neighbors pets were still covered in fleas. Apparently when you have a pet, the fleas prefer the animal and will go to it (treated or not) for a feast. When the flea medicine works, all the fleas in the home are wiped out too. Vet said I didn't need to waste my money on flea bombs for the house since we have cats. Living in a humid environment (Oregon where we don't tan, we rust) Advantage actually seems to work better and fleas are less likely to develop a tollerance.

480	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work
The material is sturdy, but that makes it bulky. I sometimes wish I would have purchased some more standard bag instead of the ultimate, but who knows.
2888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As dog toys go, this one is pretty nice. Well made and our little Bichon loves to play with them.

6307	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bunny loves it and i don't smell anything from his box! But i use puppy pads in addition to it :33 no smell.
7174	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too many dented cans.
4909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves this!  She's a dalmation/lab mix who is all about chasing frisbees and balls.  Shortly after I bought this I sprained my wrist on my dominant hand, but I can still "chuck" the ball for her using my non-dominant hand with this so she can still get her exercise (it's difficult to walk my dogs on a leash with only one hand- and I can't pooper scoop!)  I will say though, that I was hestitant about using the orange tennis ball that comes with it since it is made in China. Ultimately the orange ball is easier to see and find than a standard green tennis ball, but it fell apart after just a few weeks.
5951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 cats and while I board them for anything over a 1-1/2 day trip I may take away from home, I have used this unit now 3 different times over the last year. It has worked as stated and I put it down on the floor the day before I go so my cats can get used to it being near their feeding area.
5032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We carry this smaller one in the RV and the Lab just loves it. Now if she would only let go of the ball.
7186	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have been getting this for a couple years now but with the last several cases, I have noticed quality issues. The consistency and smell of the food is different- slimier and stinkier. My dog doesn't doesn't seem to like it as much any more and his poop has been runnier. I don't know if they changed the formula or what, but I am concerned that there is something wrong with the food now. The problem is, he has a sensitive stomach and switching to something that agrees with him AND that he likes is a ridiculously long process. Oh, and I have gotten several shipments with dented cans- if they were pop-tops the seal would be broken and therefore unusable.
5234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Chuck-It launcher comes in handy when my Lab wants to play her never-ending game of fetch and it prevents me from having to touch the drooly/dirty ball with my bare hands. 5 stars from me!
3712	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I hated these bags!  Yeah I know, I stand alone in this.  But I do hate them!  Wen I clean up dog poop, I also clean up any remnants of poop on the grass, sometimes pulling bits of grass out on purpose so as to leave nothing behind (as best as I can).  These bags make that impossible.  There is no give in these bags for detailed work such as described.  These bags are like doing surgery with hockey goalie gloves on.  So I am back to standard bags which work great (I prefer Bags on Board - come off roll clean, never fail/tear/etc., can pick up more than one pile (we've smaller dogs), etc....
7875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little dogs love these things.  Will be a repeat customer for these bones.
8443	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When my papillon puppy was very small, this was the only dry food that was small enough for him to eat. He loved it then and still loves it!
5246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	You'll need plenty of space and a strong shoulder to handle this. It'll launch a heavy ball nearly 100yds and its hard to not throw at least 30-40 yards. We have great park space nearby, so its great for us.
2321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Terrific value, with multiple squeakers.
9859	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats like it, price was good.
2007	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This toy was great and the dogs loved it,  it was one of their favorite toys. What we did not know was that it contained plastic, small pieces and small batteries in which the dogs can easily tear apart and break. They broke the plastic into small tiny sharp pieces and luckily we got to them before they were able to continue to play with the doll. Dog toys should never contain anything that can be this harmful to a dog or be easily swallowed! We are just so lucky they didn't eat any of the batteries, let alone small sharp pieces.
3807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product!
Waking my dog is easy, it gives her room to explore but not too much room. It can stretch but my puppy isn't strong enough yet to do that. I didn't have any issues as I walked and used my phone.
574	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My grey is kind of a scaredy-bird and doesn't like new toys.  She took to this one right away!  She destroyed all the cardboard in a few days and is working on all the little wood sticks now.  Fun toy that is giving my Grey plenty of fun chew time.
1863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This tiny Lambchop toy is great to go home with new puppies in the toy group. It gives the new puppies a sense of stability in their new surroundings while they are in the adjustment stages. It also helps the new puppies to fall asleep without crying, so everyone gets their sleep. I highly recommend this toy to go in the puppy bag to its new home with a toy size puppy. It works great as the puppy grows and adjusts.
9166	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	the only wet food I buy my cats; sometimes a few cans arrive dented, but it's still a great deal.
3810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GOOD STUFF

1616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog lives these treats and is very happy with these since she is allergic to chicken. We love the treats
After she went the first time, she got to stay out almost all night, and we played with her immediately afterwards instead of keeping her locked in her "room" (large closet).
Although some companies insist blood meal is a high quality source of animal protein, this pet food ingredient is actually a by-product of slaughterhouse waste. Because blood products can carry BSE (mad cow disease), the FDA has banned their use in making feed for cud-chewing livestock. However, so long as these products come from pork (or horses), blood can still be used to make cattle feed.
6853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent; quality, value, communications and fast shipping. My dogs love it.
454	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I put this collar on my dog yesterday and today I found 2 ticks on her! I am surprised at all of the positive responses. And I am shocked that I paid over $50 for this collar. What a waste! If I spray my dog with tick repellant it works, but this collar is a joke. I am not happy about what I paid, I had high hopes.
2445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Still alive, missing his nose, mouth and a button
- mixing with 1/3 of flushable litter will make the substrate lighter and easier for the machine to handle.
1857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog likes it. But bigger than I thought esp. 4 a toy fox terrier. It was an easter gift haha
2742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	6 month old puppy Chihuahua loves it!
2384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy. This is his third one. He usually gets it open. But I remove stuffing and fill with an old socks and sew it up. Lasts longer for playtime fun and I don't have to worry about my guy chocking on stuffing or squeak things inside it.  Get the 6" if you have a small dog <15lbs
9795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this--a great teething dinosaur!

7153	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old dachshund loves this food.
3320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for cat flea maintenance - don't use anything else!
744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know about anyone else but when you have a car and not an SUV it's very difficult to attach the bottom to anything on the underneath of your seat unless you have an older car. The newer Vehicles have nothing to hook the basic car covers on.
9879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	switched from solid gold to merrick wilderness when solid gold was sold.  dogs had terrible gas on merrick (most likely from the unnecessary fruits).  switched to canidae and all is well.  ordered from amazon.  free shipping.  was about $25 cheaper than getting it from my local store.
9596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buying my cat food from this seller from

1819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have several  lamb chops because my old dog will only play them.  My younger dog has plenty of other toys but for games I have to grab a lamb chop or Piper won't play keep away.
1316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good product.  I did not observe any sensitivity on my Havanese's part, other than the general dislike of fluid running everywhere.  Concur with other reviewers the bottle is terrible and much was wasted.  This was a stop gap until we could get to the groomers and have the ears plucked.  If we were using it regularly would recommend putting the fund in another container.
8272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My labrador doesn't chew on things so I don't know why I keep buying this kind of stuff.
My dogs kinda lazy but atleast this gets him moving!
it's always tricky putting the right amount of litter in.  If i put too much, it just keeps recycling and raking until i take some out.  Following the instructions, i found that there would be too much litter and the machine would malfunction, but if i put it lower than the limit line, it would be fine.
9134	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cats just will not eat this.  I bought it because I have been told that wet food is better than dry food.  I have been feeding them Max Cat dry food and have attempted to switch them to wet with different foods.  Figured I'd try this because it's the same brand.  No go.  They won't touch it.



One BIG drawback that I've heard from multiple people.  Don't step on them when its dark!!  Ouch!!
1531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty's love these
5398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the bigger version of the Chuckit but the smaller version is easier to carry around.  Keeps your hands away from slobber.  I also use the end of the handler to wiggle the ball away from my dogs mouth.

He loves it so much in a day it's ear has already been chewed off
9037	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	okay I have 3 dogs all over 50 lbs. I love nylabones. I don't like this product. It is soft and flexible and has tons of little nubbies. The dogs will chew this apart it is a given but it should last a little while if they aren't an aggressive chewer. Mine are aggressive chewers and shredded this bone. Then the younger one proceeded to eat the pieces. This is not a hard nylabone so I don't recommend to many people.
1838	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog liked it, but it lasted around 12 hours before total destruction.
8365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat loves the salmon best!
5501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it. I would suggest getting the whistling balls because they are the best balls offered by chuck it.
Cons:
3615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	On our third box. They are a bit of a luxury as you can get cheaper ones or even use grocery bags. But they are worth the extra if you can afford it. Heavy plastic, makes it easy to pick up waste and never any dirty hands.
2722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little 19 yr old Chihuahua loves this toy. He's been carrying it around since arrival.
6827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had my dog on ceasar for years and recently read how its causing pancreatitis and kidney failure in dogs. My other dog who was 14 was recently put down from kidney failure. not saying ceasar was the cause but I'm not taking risks. I researched wellness and liked it's all natural made in the usa. So I now have my 10 year old dog on this food. I'm also giving her nothing but the wellness dog treats since so many dog treats have glycol in them and that's found on antifreeze. Wellness is more expensive but my dogs worth it. She loves it.
If your cats want to eat a good quality food that contains rainbows and glitter, go for it. You get my point.
6183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog will sleep on the couch while i do this and it won't wake him up .. great product
2766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 12lb min-pin who likes to destroy toys, ripping out fur and stuffing everywhere.
Another thing that didn't occur to me when I bought it is that technically it will only automatically feed five servings, because one of the dishes isn't covered by the lid.
2716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this teddy bear, he can not get enough of it. It is definitely a lot smaller then I expected, but for my 8 pound Pomeranian it is the perfect small toy.
3445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I guess it works but I have not seen any fleas before using it either.
797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Healthy snacks and my dog loves them

2651	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute.  My Shih Tzu loves it.
569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	FIRST REVIEW (update below): The perch I was sent had a VERY VERY VERY sharp obvious spot where another part of it had been broken off.  Will not put it in with my birds.... may see if someone can clip and file it down, although it is quite a hard wood (might splinter).  Not worth returning, but I feel this item was either VERY poor quality control..... or someone "got rid of" a perch no one else would buy.
9829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog is happy, they must taste pretty good. I'm glad they are no grain, formulated to keep the dog healthy and satisfied. Good value for money, this 14 oz bag lasts quite a long time.
At first, he was scared but it wasn't 5 minutes later he was batting it all over the house.
This thing didn't even budge with both of my dogs on it. They DO have a tendency to want to jump or walk right off the side, but that's your job to protect them by properly leading them until they get the right feel for it.
We purchase it regularly!
- use only fine ground premium clumping litter for best results.
7242	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My pup did NOT like this flavor. Donated to local animal rescue pound. Perhaps other pups can benefit.

7867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these treats. They are the perfect size to have on hand when we go on hikes.
1700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dont know why but this is our dogs absolute favorite toy. We are on our third one just because he plays with it so much. Love this brand as well - holds up when others dont
5338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these so does my Dog ! Lost my first one then bought a cheap knockoff lasted less then a week so went back to this very good product.
4222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works well
2 given a huge run around only thing i ever got was a state it was made in they wouldn't even tell me the company
539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I loved it! My macaw would not touch it.... we will keep trying though! Thank you!
4032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it
1841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy and play with it constantly.
Pros:
Notes:
7529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an ancient Japanese Chin who is blind and has no teeth. It has always been a challenge to get her to eat anything healthy. This has great ingredients and is reasonably prices. And she loves it!
7091	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog loved it

4046	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog tears the cheaper balls apart and these actually last awhile and aren't expensive!
6431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats love it!
8078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats LOVE Wellness wet food. This pack seems very fresh and great to have it delivered right to our door!!
This ramp has made it so my Saint can enjoy riding in the back of my truck again wherever I go without killing my back lifting him!  I am also using it for him to get into my camper!!
7742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I only feed my cats Max Cat wet food. They love it and are waiting by their food bowl every morning and evening for it!
1528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I would like Boise papers better if their colors were not quite so bold; it is a bit difficult to read print on some of them. The colors tend to be darker than what is shown on Amazon. But the paper is good enough quality and the price is right.

It fits perfectly like the original and now I sometime forget that this one is a replacement.
8902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super excellent customer service! Kitties love canned food:)
2317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy
1981	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not good for strong chewers.  My 8 month old puppy destroyed the lamb within a day.
684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These foam balls are excellent. They are about the size of a softball. They are sculpted foam so the facial features of each turtle is done in a 3D relief. They are made to look like the turtles on the new CGI show that airs on NICK. The outside of the balls are very shiny and thick which I think really helps to keep them from getting torn up like regular foam balls. They are great for younger kids since they don"t hurt if you get whacked with one. Overall these are a great deal considering that you get four of them and they are such a nice size.
4328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now I can throw the ball far enough to allow my Lab to go the distance.
1445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Christmas items, already gone
2821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This toy is adorable. It's the perfect size for my 8 1/2 lbs., petite chihuahua. We had her in our family for nearly a week before she had any toys. When this arrived she was so excited. I like that the squeaker can come out so the toy can be easily washed. I like that there's an extra squeaker. The tags need to be ripped off right away or it'll be a choking hazard, since they can be easily torn off by sharp dog teeth.

4283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good quality product. I got the orange color one. It saves my right arm. 
just add more as needed. you'll be dumping the whole tray a lot less often.
We have three of the wretched creatures: Amanda, Sissy, and Rags. They're finicky eaters, and, moreover, their individual preferences are out of sync. A fair amount of left over wet, i.e. canned, food goes down the garbage disposal. (Dry food is generally less problematic from the standpoint of acceptance, but that's another story for another time. If Amanda fills an empty stomach on dry, she often throws it up. Last week, it was on the window sill and into the groove into which the open, vertically sliding window would come to rest when closed.)
6129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a very old 20 pound rescue dog who has a terrible time with stairs. Very arthritic and has old orthopedic issues. We were lifting him constantly.  Debated and researched ramps FOREVER.....finally settled on this one.  We could not be more pleased!!!
Edit: Still purchasing this food for my 3 puppies and they're still loving it. They can easily go through a bag a week. The grown dogs enjoy the food as well.
3887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nothing like them. Some of the best products for doggies on the market are in the Chuck-It family! My dogs loves them. The color is fantastic and unmistakable. We have several of the throwers - just make sure you get the right size of ball for the launcher that you have! Makes going to the park that much more fun and helps to save your arm!

---------------------------------------
2163	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My doggies LOVED this Lamb Chop.  The multiple squeakers inside really entertained my 3 year old and one year old dog.  But my dogs are competitive with one another, and they do still enjoy chewing, so Lamb Chop did not enjoy a long life.  Poor Lamb Chop could not survive the bitter tug of war between the two.  I'd love to buy another one once the puppy settles down a bit.  This toy is more suited to dogs that will refrain from chewing the poor toy's face off.
9226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to tell if they like it or not.  They eat it, but aren't eager to chow it down.  Not surprising, since they seem that way about everything.
148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As described and got if quickly.  Well made and looks great at my front entrance.  A like pricy but could not find anything like this in my area.
4036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These original ball replacements are better than the rubber ones. The texture allows them to be easily thrown, whereas the rubber ones are textured like a basketball and very difficult to throw.
I went back and forth on the sizing and finally ordered a large for my 45 pound lab/border collie mix. Smaller would have been way too small.

8220	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The products's freshness is hit or miss.  Some case show up looking good, but the last one and one other time, look old. When I opened it, it's discolored. I won't feed old food to my cat.
8275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this dog food for a while now and it has served my adult dogs and puppies needs. I appreciate the prompt delivery through PRIME; when going through the breeding stages with my Great Pyrenees twice a year, it has been a huge timesaver having it delivered to my door. At the height of the feedings for the puppies, I was going through 2 bags a month or more of this kibble. I do wish they could sell this food in larger quantities for those of us who need more than the normal bag. I use this as the base for the puppy gruel (soaking the kibble in hot water), add in Oatmeal and closterium and a few other nutrients and it works great!  We fed 10 puppies and 2 adults during the post whelping periods.  I recommend this kibble to our clients.
5616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have had this for over 4 years, and this is my Dogs favorite activity each day!  So much that know what it means when I spell F E T C H.... They can't get enough!  Know I don't have touch the yucky ball, it is alot more fun for me too, and your arm never gets tired.
4834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two dogs. One couldn't care less about fetch, but the other seriously cant get enough. I bought this because my girlfriend cant stand touching dog slobber, but this thing has definitely saved my shoulder from falling off in the long run. Takes some getting used to, but it actually made fetch fun again and gives my dog 3x the workout with only 1/3rd the effort on my part.
1834	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is hard on toys, so poor Mr. Bill was a quadruple amputee within minutes, but we both love this toy so I got another. Hilarious voice box, takes me back to staying up late to watch SNL in my youth. A less destructive dog than mine should love this for a long time.
9931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My vet recommended this and my dog loves it. My dog was malnourished and weak. This food got her back up to speed. Highly recommend.
I'm giving it 5 stars because it does what I bought it for.
1809	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this toy because my last dog did. It screams the classic "Oh nooooooo". I buy it as a gift now.
The soundbox is located in the upper chest, and the trigger is a little finicky ... You have to squeeze it in just the right way to make it go off. Which would normally be a problem, but considering the loudness of the "OH NOOOO!", I'm not complaining that it can't go off every 10 seconds ;).
3835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great to pre-treat your carpet before cleaning ,as well as an all purpose stain remover. So far I haven't encountered a stain that it hasn't been able to remove.

558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my Green Cheek Conure's favorite perch ever since she was a baby. It is the perfect size and texture for her to sleep on.
Update: The novelty has worn off and all of them no longer show any interest in this. We didn't even make it through one case of it. I'm dropping a star off because this is the only food they've done that to.
3820	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This pretreat works fantastic!! Got out stains on my beige rug I thought would never come out!! Let sit 15 minutes.. Use your carpet cleaner and boom! Gone!! :)
7991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our corgis love this chew toy; they are usually very aggressive chewers and they have yet to annihilate this toy after months of chewing-- they get through the regular nylabones in just a few weeks.
5686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice, what you expect for the price.
627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Once the glue dried and the bleeding stopped they are a nice fit.....yeah I'm not crazy, but these teeth are crazy awesome. I'm teeth rich, great selection. Good variety, nice quality.
Carrying handle?
There is a thought that the lower priced brands are just cat fast food. However I have found Frisies to be the best and healthiest bang for the buck so far. Just read and compare the labels and you can quickly tell.  There is some debate about Meat-By-Products. However cats tend to eat most everything from things they would kill in the wild. As long as the source is of good quality, it's simply a safer form of what they would eat in the wild.
6292	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No customer
1703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves her lamby.
7109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always good quality.  I bought this to have it shipped to my favorite animal shelter.  They asked for this product because their cats love it.
1466	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great slim planner for 2016.  Unlike many other planners, this one is thin but still has the perfect layout to include everything you need.  The monthly "at-a-glace" pages give you a great way to view your schedule over the short term to really avoid conflicts.  And also included are standard time zone maps and holiday pages.
3506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these.  They are nice and thick and biodegradable.
and her microchip came out, vaccinations have aluminum and metal, it caused cancer which is
8800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	good
4732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	First chunkit! for my blue heeler. So far the rubber balls are holding up. Had to hide the tennis ball that came with it or it would have been destroyed. So far we have had a lot of fun playing with it.

8801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Purrfect size for a multiple cat household.  I bought three of them.
8265	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Package was impossible to open without tearing it up. Food looked like and supposedly was the same formula as the color sticks but my fish got sick and threw up the food after 2 days of eating it. One fish did not recover. Spend the extra money and buy the color sticks.
9981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has me trained to give him one of these treats every time we come back in after a walk.
6566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 senior dogs who have eaten Wellness brand canned (wet) food since they were puppies and they are all very healthy and happy. Very fast delivery from supplier, too.
111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love correlle! With kids doing the dishes I got tired of stoneware chipping but with correlle plates there is no worry! This design is perfect for our woodland house. I'll definitely be collecting more pieces.
6975	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A staple cat food at a good price.  Friskies is a kitty favorite around here.  We rescue pets, and go through a lot of food.  Amazon makes it easy to purchase.  Thank you!
4173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	tennis ball did not last we have a lab and a shepherd they devour these tennis balls

840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is finicky and loves these
481	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	not working for large dog - still find fleas!
UPdate 9/2012
I love the concept of an automatic litter cleaner like this, unfortunately it just doesn't perform.
340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I feel much more comfortable forewarning people my dog has issues. The harness is of great quality as well.
2146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!  Our Siberian Shepherd and our Beagle Pointer mix both love this!  I've bought this toy several times. Well made, soft plush toy.
3659	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I really like that I don't have to "feel" the substance I am picking up; however, the double-ply bottoms of the bag are so thick that it makes it kind of difficult to get a good grip to pick it all up.  The bags that are much, much thinner allow me to get my fingers underneath and scoop it all up.  Still, I think I prefer these over the thin ones.  I recommend them.
5506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVESS THE CHUCK IT!, great product and it really flings the ball for her, theo nly thing is after a while the bal doesn't stick it in as well as it used to, only downfal.
996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have been on this food for 14+ years they love it and I don't have to buy too expensive or too cheap. This is just right and keeps them healthy.
Great product!
8349	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
6882	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	While my cats love Catnip Bubbles, this brand is TERRIBLE.  It makes a sticky mess (more so than other brands.)  Most importantly, the bubbles only work for a single day and they don't work at all.  I bought this twice because I thought the first one might've been a fluke but they were both terrible.  If you live in the midwest near a Meijer store, their store brand of cat bubbles is much better.  I've had my current bubbles for a week and they are still going strong.  They are also good for giant bubbles.
607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's not his favorite toy but only because it is durable and he doesn't like that as much. Likes to feel like a killer lol. It holds up well, worth buying if your bird likes wood blocks.
9092	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a super finicky old cat, that just will not eat hardly any kind of food. When I tried this, he LOVES it! Now he refuses to eat any other kind of cat food! He is highly prone to crystals in his bladder and as long as he eats only this, we have no problems with the crystals. He refused to eat every single brand of the prescription diet stuff for urinary issues, but this stuff he loves and it seems to work. If I had to say anything at all that is negative, it would be that this stuff does stink, but as long as my finicky old boy wants this, I"ll just hold my nose and feed him what he will eat!
3838	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This quality spray did exactly as advertised. I have a cat, who likes to go outside his litter box, and an active toddler who loves to drop food and color on our light-colored carpet.  I used this Bissell Pet Stain and Odor spray as directed, generously spraying a stained area, blotting and covering with a wet rag, and leaving it alone for several hours.  I am pleased to say that even some long-time stains that I grown to live with are starting to fade considerably or disappear entirely.
I don't know why it's so hard to find canned cat food that isn't pate style. This "chucks in gravy" style is much more palatable to my cats.
1306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit the thought of dropping [$$] on a LITTER BOX was a scary prospect!  But, as I am sharing my one-bedroom apartment with two kitties, I was desperate for a solution to the inevitable odor problem.  As I work full-time outside the home, it seems the box is never as fresh as I'd like, and there is no place to "hide" it - like a lot of homeowners who keep the litter box in the basement, or some such out-of-the-way location.
So what we do is keep both items on hand in a fanny pack. For the biggest or messiest "jobs", we use Mutt Mitts. For typical "duty", the above linked product is very good. That way everyone wins!
7598	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only cat food my Bebo will eat.
683	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys LOVE Plants vs. Zombies!  These toys are the real deal and not the cheap knock-offs.

5075	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a durable and inexpensive toy that both of my dogs enjoy playing with their dog friends at the dog park. It allows you to throw balls great distances with little effort. I just have to work better at my aim. I have been known to accidentally hit a person (or dog) or two. To my defense, so have others.
The vest I got for my pup is small and is adjusted to its smallest fitting leaving enough space for him to grow into. He is about 15 inches in height and weights 13.5 lbs.

2581	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy!  Sturdy construction.  Bought it just because we loved the character back in the old days on Saturday Night Live.  Brings back lots of fun memories!

2044	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a dog that loves stuffed animals (sometimes loves to eat them too), then this little plush toy is a great deal.  My dog sleeps with her little lamb and, yes, it looks just like Lamb Chop (for those of you old enough to remember).  It is a little too cute sometimes for Zoey, who has eaten the face off of the last three we purchased.  That said, a little needle and thread and all is well again.
8572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves dinasaurs and loves this bone
6817	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	They didn't like the bubbles at all.
9817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this .. I wish it was a little bigger but it serves the purpose and the ball keeps her very happy.  She is also sleeping on top of it often LOL

So all in all, I'd say they were a great addition to our dog toy collection. Can't wait to see what they come up with next.
3914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit! simply makes the best toys for dogs. They are colorful, creative and incredibly well made. Best of all, my dog loves them all, never tiring of any of them - and he has many.
2545	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Don't bother. My chocolate lab tore this thing open within an hour and had the stuffing everywhere.. What a waste of money.
6765	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves it, but my older cat wasn't very interested other than to sniff the cat nip. For playful cats, it's great!


2981	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just got a puppy Elkhound, only 8 weeks old and she loves it, my 3 year old Elkhound loves it too.  Of course the older one doesn't like the squeakier in it and takes it out.  They both fight over it so I had to get another one!  Holds up to a 3 year old that destroys all other toys I get!  The small size is way too small, but is still OK.
4965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We use ours to death...it's a must have for our trips to the dog park and beach
765	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not too big, not too small, the Goldilocks of organizers!
6664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So of all the toys you could buy your cat this has to be one of the cheapest and best we have bought....
3808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works fine. I think it didn't remove all of the stain because our carpet is a very light color. Fast shipping :)
If you are thinking of the Smartscoop see my review on that piece..
Also if you have more than one cat get more than one of these.  I have 3 cats and three of these.  The stinkers sometimes jam it up but it is still better than the every day cleaning.
Whole Dog Journal gives Wellness a high rating because Wellness discloses their lab tests
3661	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these bags are THE bags to have if you need to pick up poop.  The size outstanding for just about any hand.  The reinforced "cup" area that you grab with gives you a good amount of separation between your hand and the poop.  Even the softest runniest poop doesn't feel disgusting when you are picking it up.  You barely feel the warm gushiness which means that if your pup poops at the beginning of your walk you won't feel like your hand needs to be treated as an alien for the remainder of the walk.
3524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best bags ever! Love that it is a glove and you never get dirty . The material is thick so other animals won't rip it if you toss in the trash
985	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog begs for these at night after she has her dinner...they are hard to buy in the store so found them online
2783	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy for smaller dogs. Very cute. My dog just like to walk around with it in her mouth.
3443	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For similar products, I have to pay double locally.  I've got 2 cats so this means hundreds of dollars a year I will save using this.  Advantage is the highest recommended flea treatment in my area.  I'm on evening one and I expect the fleas to drop within a day.  If I'm not happy I'll edit the post, but it should last for about 4 weeks per treatment.
4152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Item as described. Dogs love it.

5095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful!  Best dog toy ever.
4061	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this ball at my local pet store.  I've had great luck with Chuckit products, so I figured this would be a good ball that would last my dog a long time.  I gave it to my dog when we got in the car at the pet store, then drove 5 miles home.  When I got home, my dog had already chewed this ball splitting it in two pieces.
This is different from some peoples' experience.  I want say that i have always used Litter Pearls crystals in the litter Maid, not clay or clumping litter, and that may be why i haven't had the same problems some have had.  I would recommend using crystal litter with it, but in my experience, it had to be the rounded kind, not the trackless/lite tracking kind which are irregularly shaped.  The trackless kind were too abrasive and jagged for the litter maid, they jammed it up, causing the rake to come to a painful creaking halt in mid cycle. But the rounded ones work well, they just aren't easy to find because people tend to prefer lite tracking litter.  But other than that, the crystals have always worked great in the Litter Maid.

The label further states that the food is "formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles ..."

3632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband has a guide dog, and these are the best product we've found to clean up after him. (The dog, not my husband.)
6089	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have bought several ramps and returned them.
7191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Puppy seems to enjoy his can food. Need to mix well before serving---otherwise too oily.
I know this ramp is expensive, but if you've got a large-breed dog who is getting up in years (or one that simply has an injury), and a vehicle that is high off the ground, this ramp is a must-have for your best friend.
6459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This litter is awesome! It's cheap, it smells good, and blah blah blah. Let's face it... My cat poops and pees on it. It's good enough for my cat's excrement... It's good enough for yours... I mean your cat's excrement. It might not be good enough for your own excrement.
My other complaint is that what bubbles DO form and fall to the floor leave behind a wet mark.  A wet mark that is GREEN.  We happened to do the bubbles on a rug and the cream colored rug now has green splotches on it.  So beware, if you are going to give these a whirl do it on tile or dark carpeting or lay down a towel.  There is no mention that the bubbles stain or to take precautions around light colors!!!!
The bags are large, roomy and thick, so work very well to pick up a large dog's waste.  The extra layer in the mitt section is very welcoming, as it creates an extra barrier between your hand and the dog waste.  They don't tear or rip. I'm ordering more!
I really like Program. It controls fleas for a month, and I never have a problem with my cat getting sick. I put the medication into a little bowl with tuna juice from a can, mix it up, and he drinks it right away.
8279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great food for the price but TSC sells it for $28.99 less than half of what it cost @ amazon come on guys get it together.
4221	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it.
I highly recommend these for all dog lovers!
Also a great tool for retrieving lost laundry from behind your washing machine. I think they should advertise that.
Newport News, VA
This weighs under 20 pounds so I don't find it too heavy (a box of cat litter weighs more, by comparison).  Of course, since I am using it at my house, it is staying in place and I am not having to transport it.  It folds and unfolds easily.
5348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this Chuckit!, and appreciate that I'm able to throw the ball a LONG distance. More importantly, my ADHD puppy loves this gadget!
7896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was able to finish the Iditarod being pulled by 14 Chihuahuas eating this food.  They really seem to like it.
Full buddy system review:
3982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love the smaller size.  We have three standard poodles and the all love tennis balls of any size.
4883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it

1271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dogs love them
7869	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great size package for the price.  Some of the treats were a little crumbly, but overall good value.
3000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for running with your pup and having free hands getting the mail.
6874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff
It took copious rinsing with saline solution to stop the burn, which indeed felt just like I'd stuck one of those kid-treat cinnamon oil toothpicks in my ear.  I felt terrible for having inflicted it on my dog, and especially on the ears of my recently-deceased 21 year old cat, who didn't seem to enjoy the experience either.
9727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	MY CATS, BEING VERY FINICKY, WILL ONLY EAT THE CLASSIC PATE

7566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an 11 year old chihuahua who is a puppy mill rescue; she was not rescued until just before her eighth birthday. My pal is on medication for a sensitive stomach; she also has very few teeth with which to chew because they fell out from overbreeding. My dog loves Wellness dog food and she has no problem digesting it.  Since this Wellness dog food is a pate my dog missing most of her teeth is not a problem in her eating it.
5910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With 7 large Greyhounds of my own plus fostering new Greys from the track all the time, this house has a minimum of 10 Greys in it at all times. I own and foster only special needs Greyhounds (never a shortage of them),  mostly due to broken legs and hocks at the track. I make glucosamine a daily staple in their morning meals (with my Vet's approval of course), regardless of their ages. I've tried countless products, some they liked and some they turned their snouts up in rebellion. Even my 3 older ones who have about 7 teeth total among them like these. (For my toothless wonders, I crush them before adding to their  bowl-break into pieces in my hands then use a small 'smack and chop' chopper on the cutting board and scoop the small pieces into individual bowls). My other 4 who still have most of their teeth wait for me at the top of the cellar stairs while I'm filling their bowls and placing one of these peanut butter biscuits on the top of each. While 1-2 try to distract me as I'm hauling all these bowls up the stairs, the others bob and weave in attempts to steal the treats out of the bowls as I near the top of the steps. Have to admit defeat on occasion when I'm not paying attention :(
9651	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cat refuses to even try this food!
2165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a perfect dog toy.
6826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs like this food
3389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Product works well but like human drugs, it's very pricey.  When is a generic coming out??
9344	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	keeps  the idiots entertained but add a twinkle ball and there all derp!
6903	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I recently purchased this item & when I first opened & used it , it worked great, lot's of bubbles,  my kitties had a blast chasing them. So 2 days later I opened them & noticed only a few watery bubbles,  then nothing! !!! The solution wouldn't even stick to the wand! I'm really disappointed,  a clear waste of money. I would rate it no star's.
8529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is good quality food for dogs.  My dog loves it.
6632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They are a bit thin but I mix them with a tube of Incredibubbles for Cats, which is thicker.  Makes a perfect bubble consistency.  The bubbles are strong but do not leave residue.  My cat loves these. As soon as I bring the bottle out, he starts meowing from the catnip scent and the fun he knows is about to happen.
5736	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Water Bottle keeps ice for a long time. Liked it so much I bought one for my sister.
2087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Goldie loves Lambie Pie~~
3112	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have Basset Hounds and they love toys that make noise and are soft, not rubber or vinyl.  The replaceable squeeker has saved this toy more than once, so they can continue to play with it.
7084	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats love this!
Excellent cat food.
8988	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy loves this flavor she cant wait to eat.
310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this, it is my foster puppies first harness. IT works well, the lettering "Adopt me" seems to be a little too close together.  People miss read it all the time.
6522	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep because our entire apartment stinks like an ocean of urine. I don't know what I was thinking when I decided to try this cat litter. I could have just used a pile of newspaper with the same success. I spent over twenty dollars on it at local Pet Smart and now I need to just dump it all out. I have a huge jumbo litter pan for my three cats, so I used almost full bag to fill it. And you need to know, I am not just crazy cat lady, but also crazy on cleaning type of lady. I clean litter box after each time any of my cat will go. If I am away or asleep, cleaning litter box is the first thing I do once I'm back. I completely replace entire litter and bleach scrub the litter box several times a month. I put this litter in yesterday and it's been just awful!!! The litter does not stick to their poop. Litter pieces are too large to sift with regular litter scoop. This litter is very dark in color, almost same color as poop, making it all look same. So I need to fish and fork for cat poops, because there's no other way to clean it out. Cleaning their pee - just forget about it! It is impossible to clean pee with this litter! I can not see where did they pee. And you just have to leave it there. Mixing and flipping the litter doesn't help. The pee is there, so of course it would stink. I purchased fresh scent softer texture and I can't smell any scent rather than paper moistened with urine. Texture-wise it is like uncooked macaroni. Promise of 99.7% dust free is also bogus! Have you ever cleaned after using paper shredder, because that kind of dust this litter produces and also larger pieces of saw dust. I am also perplexed with very dark color of this litter. Is it so dark because the recycled paper they use was never bleached, and all this dark color from prints. Is there any guarantee that the ink in those prints isn't petroleum-based, which contains lead, and other toxins. So overall I am really frustrated and want to kick myself for not thinking straight and researching more before trying this litter. I am also frustrated that good go green idea was just tarnished by this litter for me.
2530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So this is now the 4th Mr. Bill in the last 6 years. I think my dog has torn up 1 after about 1 year of having it and the other 2 have been killed via circumstances beyond my dog's control (one was mistakenly left outside and peed on...repeatedly, and the other was left at a coffee shop (but I think someone stole it). When I pulled Mr. Bill out of the box, my dog's face lit up like it was the best day ever and he carried it around crying and wiggling and making Mr. Bill say "OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOO". Its entertaining for the dog and definitely for us (we like to ask him questions and then hear Mr. Bill say "OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"). He takes Mr. Bill to bed with him every night along with his teddy bear and spiderman ball and Mr. Bill has to go everywhere with us...along with his teddy bear and spiderman ball (the dog isn't spoiled at all). As long as Mr. Bill can be purchased, there will be one in the house.
All the other design defects are still here - primarily that the litter doesn't all land in the waste tub, and if there's a big clump it can land so that the door stands wide open. But a little more power in the motor makes this a much better product.

Pay attention to the sizes listed: extra-small is really small, best for only the tiniest toy breeds or for small puppies. Medium will work for most dogs, but if your dog is a shredder, loves to destroy plush toys, only get the large sizes. If you have certain breeds, like Staffordshire terriers and bull dogs, then perhaps another toy would be a wiser choice. You know your dog.
This has spurred me on to make my own dog food. If you're going to do that, make sure that you do plenty of research and get a good vitamin/mineral supplement to add to your meat (I am using ground turkey and no salt canned salmon for that), along with the right calcium/phosphorus supplement and ratios. You can search on "homemade dog food." Good luck.
5514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not sure how far but enough to get my highly active pitbull plenty of running exercise. Easy to carry, pack due to smaller size. No need or desire for larger, more expensive models. Works perfect with chuck it balls...durable orange and blue two packs. Came with regular tennis ball....colored orange...not a durable chuck it ball. Be aware.
7812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cat's fave
8035	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I never have had a problem with Science diet, great food and keeps my dogs digestive system on track. Quick shipping and good quality. I will definitely order again.
5760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It straighten hair well.  Works as advertised
6807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All my cats eat and Amazon has a great price. My local store only sells them as single cans and this adds up fast in price. Great deal considering where I live.
4148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This chuck it thing is the best invention for playing fetch with my slobbery Rottweiler's!! of course I will pick up their ball and throw it back.. but not, I HAVE THIS!!! my hand isn't drenched in dirt and slobber- this amazing invention takes care of that! I absolutely love this

3335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Self described

9305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have a very picky cat and she loves this.
327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cairn terrier lost his eyes to glaucoma.  I purchased this product shortly thereafter, and it has been very helpful to him and me as we make the transition to living with blindness.  My dog feels secure in this harness, and I love that it so boldly advertises his condition to other dog walkers.  I got a medium for my slightly plump aged cairn, and it fits perfectly.  It has been very durable.  I just ordered another so that I can switch them out to wash.  That shows how highly I regard this product.
1099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price.
6482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As advertised and expected

9030	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it!
broken one better.
If this is something you use to jot down dates in a briefcase or similar, I wouldn't expect the binding to last and remain pristine, it is black, but I could see by the end of the year, it could get dog-eared and scuffed.
7849	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs and I love this food. They never leave a trace and I am happy that it is healthy for them. I mix it up with the Wellness Super 5 mix.
3746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Don't dig those grocery bags out. Pull one of these out of the box. When your dog does his business, holding one of these is so much more secure and effective. Don't forget your dog needs to focus, just like you.
3541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good bags, not thin and are useful for picking up more liquid dog waste or other items
The label further states that the food is "formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles ..."
6004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This product worked great for leaving our pet cat for a week. We tested it prior to leaving. Our pet caught on quick and the timing mechanism has worked flawlessly. It makes leaving your pet and imposing on a friend or neighbor to check on them less an inconvenience. For the price, ease of use, care of your pet, and convenience of temporary caretakers--you can't go wrong with this purchase.

4705	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
8659	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is such an excellent source of nutrition for our cat. She has eaten this all her adult life and loves it dearly, especially the smooth "pate" version. This is the best cat food product on the entire market, hands down. There are NO by-products, no bones, no feces, no garbage in this. It's 100% pure meat, and we couldn't be happier with it. We will never feed our cat anything but Wellness.
4358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you really like dog slobber all over your hands then this isn't the tool for you.  However for the rest of us, this thing works GREAT. No more touching that slimy dog ball then trying to find something to wipe your hands on.  The dog stays happy and so do you.  It also gives you great leverage and saves ones shoulder/arm from overuse.  You can really throw the ball a long way if you want to.  The only downer is that this comes with a fuzzy tennis ball which aren't particularly good for dogs.  Get the ChuckIt whistler balls instead. they are smooth rubber and make noise as they fly through the air, making your dog go even more nuts.  Well worth it!
3028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The buddy system leash is comfortable for both me and my dog.  I use this for a Jack Russell/Chihuahua mix because she likes to scoot around me as we walk.  She adapted to the different leash configuration very quickly and seems to really like it. The buddy system enables her to move freely as we walk and gives her enough room to roam without being so long that she can get in the street or into other trouble.  The quality is great - the clips are secure so I feel comfortable that she will stay attached to me.  I also like the second clip, which allows me to attach another leash or hook her leash up and out of the way when she is off-leash.  The only thing that I think could make it better would be to add a pouch for my phone, treats or poop bags that I could attach to the second leash clip because the waist band width is a bit wide for the clips of my poop bag holder and my phone holder.
2881	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Lasted 5 min with my dog. She ripped the head open and took out the stuffing.
4918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't have the strength to throw a tennis ball far but with the Chuckit I'm able to give my little dog a good run. And you pick it up with the pocket of it. So glad I bought in.
2805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Comes with an extra squeaker , tiny and great for the tiny dogs in your life. Plus its very cute.
8731	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	"I Love it"  Well not me personally, our cats do, or so they tell me. Just the other day Felix was telling between stuffed his mouth for breakfast that this is his favorite food. Better than the dumpster junk he had to fight the other cats for and he thanked me again for serving his meals on time.
These are a kind of a small kibble.  My dogs all weigh about 80 pounds, so it was slightly small for them but they didn't mind.  Only one of the bowls was eaten right away, by our german shepherd.  The other two were left for morning.  Both of our border collies did not eat at their usual time.  I didn't take this as a food protest though; they probably just weren't hungry.
3016	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works well for me.  We have a 100+ pound Akita.  He is not a huge puller, but it does keep him closer to my side.  Takes a little getting used to, but I use it all the time now.
6138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this product fine, but my dogs don't like using it - they like steps better and fortunately they are still able to use steps.
7959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog, a lab, destroys  all her toys.  These so far have been great for her chewing needs and still intact
2565	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kira loves her Mr. Bill plush toy. She had one once before and played with him all of the time. We had a large dog visitor that crushed him, so he could no longer talk. Kira would bring him to me like "Mom, he doesn't talk anymore...fix him!"
Pros:
4931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My black lab loves to play catch. This really increased the distance I could throw the ball. Unfortunately he liked it so much he chewed. May order another but will definitely also be trying a tennis racket for the same job.
9543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog and I both love this product.  It withstands his chewing very well and keeps him involved in safe play options.  The only reason I gave it a four and not a five is because it is either too hard to get items to stay inside or too hard to get them out--it is hard to find that goldilocks zone.  Because there are two large holes on each end, stuff falls out quite easily.  So, to make things stick you have to moisten things or add "sticky" stuff (i.e. peanut butter) to make things stick.  But then it is too hard for the dog to get them out.
6173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've owned this product for several years and love it. Purchased this one for a friend who has a small child that recently had a tick attached. Easy to use.
7323	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Normally I love all nylabone products but this one was a bit disappointing.  The white pieces broke off very easily and made a mess.  Also probably not good for my dog to be swallowing those pieces.
2806	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	junk
7511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am trying to find a better food for my pet and this seems to be the right one. great price
5532	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a mixed lab, 75 lbs. I wanted to get something for the winter time when the ball gets too muddy to keep throwing by hand. This is also fun for kids to use. Mine arrived in orange. I also wanted something compatible with tennis balls since we have so many, I was worried when I read the other reviews but took a chance. Ours does work with tennis balls, kind of a snug fit but works fine.
idea to do your yard also.
1687	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I bought two one for my small dog Shiba Inu, and one for my big dog Labrador; unfortunately, both of toys didn't last for more than 30 minutes...
554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My yellow-nape LOVES these perches! Very happy with them and will buy again! Excellent
9434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the pretty much the only biscuits we give our dogs, as one of them is allergic to grains. They love these treats, though Labradors will eat just about anything! A couple of our friends' dogs won't eat them, though, so if your dog is fussy, it may not work for you.
While I'm not an erudite when it comes to dog food nutrition, I do like the fact that it comes with vitamin A and high-quality protein combined with linoleic acid, an omega-6 fatty acid for their skin and coat and calcium, phosphorus, and other minerals
8541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed. Huge size.
6690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The jury is out as far as I am concerned, but it does work WELL.
I accidentally stepped on it and broke the noise box so I will be ordering again.
Thank you, good day
948	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these biscuits. Can't get enough of them. Keeps their breath nice n teeth cleaner than even my brushing them. Great buy.
It takes my little pittie at least 10 minutes to get out to wherever the ball has landed and by the time she gets back I could have had a drink or eaten some chips. Nice to take to the lake and launch her off the docks with! I prefer the longer one with the larger ball for my German though, because frankly... it's not that the balls are cheap. It's just that some dogs have bigger teeth and stronger jaws, and a greater desire to eat things!
4809	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I avoided getting a ball launcher for my dog because I figured I needed the arm exercise. But, my dog wasn't getting enough exercise from my throws...she'd pass up the ball before it landed. The Chuckit allows me to give her more of a challenge since I can throw the ball 3 times as far with it! So, my dog gets more exercise, which is the end goal! :)
So I did!
9137	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Somewhat pleased.  Some loose stools.  Will continue to monitor
2216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is so super cute.  perfect for the lambchop fan.  its super soft and a great value for the price.
9480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So good, even my dog loves it!
5271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy dog toy
4851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME
Spray bottom of box with No-Stick Litter Box spray (or cooking spray)and it keeps the pee from gooing up on the bottom.

 This is a great way to exercise your dog without picking up a disgusting, gooey, slobbery ball. The chuckit picks it up for you!
8426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my good friends is a top Persian cat breeder. We get all of our cats from her. As with a lot of older folks, our fur babies are treated as honored members of the family. They treat us as staff, as the old line goes. Nothing is too good to keep them in tip top shape. I do a basic "recipe" that they have eaten their entire lives. It has raw hamburger, egg yolks (cats can't digest the white), Wellness chicken cat food, vitamins/minerals and V-8 juice. While my friend mixes it up "fresh" for her cats (she has a lot more), I usually do a two can recipe and freeze it it smaller packages to defrost as need be for our two cats. They like it a lot. It subsidizes their dry food. One of our cats turned 16 years old in May and the other was 11. They always get great checkups, so it must be working.
7006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
6473	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a miracle! I went from a wonderful vet suggesting I "become financially prepared for spine surgery" to a toy poodle who is back to running, playing and flying up & down stairs again. He was unable to walk and in pain- within about 2 weeks, there was noticeable improvement. It's been 4 months now and the back injury is just a bad memory.
My cats are also happy.  While I still have an appreciation for Frontline, I am happy to have Advantage as a viable alternative.
5533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I really like this launcher.  It works really well, but I'm thinking of someday buying the longer one.  I opted on this one as the long one indicated it threw farther.  I didn't want to launch it so far I'd lose the ball or end up chasing my dog to get him to come back, so for the length of the throw is perfect and it's very easy to snatch the ball up for continued throwing.  My significant other is 6'1" so he has to do some bending to pick up the balls which is okay for him, but the intention had been to make it easier for him.  One thing I've noticed is that this does not put the stress on my shoulder that thowing by hand thowing does.  This makes our dog, Diego, very happy because he can play and play and play.
9415	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best!

2918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mickey loves it but chews it too much so we got him the ones with wire inside--so far so good with the other Kongs  Kay
209	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is truly the dumbest way to train a dog!!! I'm sorry. I was lost and confused and my own experience and someone who trains dogs "professionally" confirmed my suspicion.
8286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is quality cat food that is much cheaper than Petco.
5941	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I works great. We got the Lentek 6-Day Automatic Pet Dish for weekend get aways to medicate our one cat twice, a day at home. We crush the tablet into a powder and sprinkle it on just enough dry food; that, it sticks to the food. If, any powder falls off, we roll the dry food in the Rx powder. With just 3-4 pieces of kitty kibble to eat, we know that he won't leave any food behind and he gets the full dose. We have used it about 6 times in the past 6 months.
479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These is a great flea collar. It works. It keeps my dogs free of fleas
In fact, I've order over 15 of these nthe past year!!! We leave the at my relatives houses for my dog so he has something to play with when we visit. Not to mention I give these as gifts to all my friends with pooches.

50	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was impressed how he handled the dogs. What do you do with dogs digging in the garden when you don't see them doing it ?
4712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hi, my name is Ginger. I'm a six year old Golden/Border Collie mix, and I am so happy my owner bought this for our times at the park. I get great exercise chasing the ball.
3705	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best pooper scooper bags out there.  I always have a few in my pockets.  They are large and strong, and have doubled plastic at the useful end.
I should have been suspicious, because of the low price, of the size and quality of this toy however because it was made by Kong I expected a little more.
2059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ziva loves her Lambchop - she takes her wherever she goes! this is her second Lambchop - she destroyed the first when we had to leave her for a week. she's much gentler with her Lambcho now that we're home. keep up the good work! colleen
5241	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	YES! BUY THIS!
759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size and weight.
6757	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat loves these.  I have purchased 3 bottles on separate occasions.  All 3 bottles crack at the lid.  I'm not sure why but it appears to build up pressure inside the lid causing it to crack open.
8014	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this...well loved it.

6013	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	These always worked really well with our dogs; however, the ones I received today look like someone chopped them up with a hammer.  Very few of them are not broken. You have to do better than this to get a better review.
My cats normally eat dry food.  As a treat, I supplement the dry food with wet food advertently on some days.  Yes, my cats are spoiled divas!  I say that jokingly and as a fact.  I bought my first case of NUTRO MAX wet food on  Amazon's  "deal of the day". I am a little embarrassed that my cats will not eat 9Lives cat food and many other common store self-brands.  They have developed a pallet for certain food, I guess,  Higher-end uptown Girls ... sophisticated kitties.  However, I assure at the end of the day their (ahem) "litterbox" does stink.
6888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works very well
2432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy! So funny!
7354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats enjoyed it.
9628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my cat's favorite flavor of this brand. I did a lot of research and have found that although this costs more than the cans you buy at the grocery store, in the long run, the cost is comparable, because the cats don't have to eat as much in order to satisfy their need for protein. I also noticed that the local pet store charges for one small can, what one of these large cans can be had for online. I have two cats of my own and three foster cats (one will have babies soon), so I have to have a good quality food to keep them all healthy.
6171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product works great and removes the head of the tick -- I wouldn't use anything else!
8759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat loves the food, and it's good for her. She was a rescue and the food they were feeding her wasn't the best. After a few weeks on Wellness her coat was softer and shinier. I highly recommend Wellness brand pet foods, though remember - not all pets like every brand of food you give them.
1836	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It is cute looking but the knit face is very fragile.  My 4 pound dog managed to tear open the toy within 30 minutes.  I did mend it but it will not last more than today.
3411	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Received the product very quickly and at a good price. Would do business with this seller again.
2257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy
Edited June 2016.  I have continued to buy these bags and the quality is as good as ever.  The box of bags is large enough to last several months, even with my big dogs.  They are biodegradable which means that if you have some tucked away in a jacket pocket or a tote bag for a couple of years, they may start to disintegrate and open at the seams.  Otherwise they are study and protect my hands from the contents really well.
4039	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect with the launcher and easy to find if your dog doesn't
3340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using both Program and it's partner, Capstar, for over 10 years with fabulous results.  I found this flea medication after having 3 dogs infested with fleas from our neighborhood squirrels and raccoons.  I tried EVERYTHING short of flea bombing my house.  As a last ditch effort I used Capstar (immediate formula to kill existing fleas) and then the Program (monthly maintenance)and could not believe how fast it worked!  Seriously, not sure what happened to the one star reviewer except maybe they purchased some out of date product, because this stuff works - hands down.  When my vet asked me if I wanted to purchase Frontline for flea control and I told them I used Program and Capstar they could NOT argue with my choice!  Don't waste time and money on the other stuff that doesn't work, get control of the fleas on your animals right away the right way!!  No, I do not work for any of these companies, just very pleased and excited about the results of this product!
5352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe every dog owner isn't handed one of these with their 1st leash!!!  Goodbye slobber, goodbye getting up to grab the ball that rolls just out of reach, and the Sport 25M uses regular tennis balls (because the ball that is included didn't last more than a day with my dog).  I can just sit on a lawn chair, not having to bend over or get up at all, just wait for the ball to be dropped on the ground, roll where it may, I whack it on the end of the Chuckit, it fits snugly in there, I toss it, & drink my coffee...no grass & dirt & slobber on me at all!!!  Every dog owner needs this!
1337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great interactive toy for your pet. My English Bulldog loves to chase and play with this ball that is visually and auditorily stimulating.
Throwing device is made in U.S.A. 
3667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product - easy to use (none of the issues of opening the cheap bags).  Buy a box of 200 and they last a good while.
****update*****
If your dog has allergies, you may want to consider trying other Pro Plan products:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Purina-Pro-Plan-Select-Adult-Grain-Free-Dry-Dog-Formula-24-Pound/dp/B00BEW8DZM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Purina Pro Plan Select Adult Grain Free Dry Dog Formula, 24-Pound</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Purina-Pro-Plan-Dry-Adult-Dog-Food-Sensitive-Skin-and-Stomach-Formula-33-Pound-Bag/dp/B003R0LLIU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Purina Pro Plan Dry Adult Dog Food, Sensitive Skin and Stomach Formula, 33-Pound Bag</a>&nbsp;- both of which have great reviews by Amazon shoppers.
1168	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We have from two to four cats at a time in our home, and managing the litter box is something we want to be as easy as possible. This LitterMaid LM500 Automated Litter Box was the first automated solution we tried. I'm afraid it wasn't our last, as it had numerous problems.
1155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A+
No, I don't know how a child would react because I purchase them for myself. :)
1778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppies love their lambchop!
it makes the operation much smoother.
8987	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was recommended to feed this brand by the breeder I purchased my puppy from. And my puppy is now 6 months old and thriving.
1526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 cats.  This is the only food that they will ALL eat without getting upset stomachs.
Wellness!  Not one recall yet!
2397	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful toy.  Although it's quite large, my Cavalier loves it.  Mr. Bill really does say "Oh Nooooooooooo."
7020	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately when ordering this brand online all the cans came dented and the food also looked bad. My puppy refused to eat it and everything has to be returned. What was her favorite food she will no longer eat now :(
4260	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this and my dog does too!  I like the size.  It is not too long to carry and I can still throw it far.  It takes a standard tennis ball size. So glad I have it!  I may have to get another one if this ever wears out.  I would definitely recommend this to others for great game with your dog!
To date, our best luck - and that's an overstatement - has been with the canned brand that provides the cats with an opportunity for fancy feasting. But, even then, that's only with some of the varieties. For instance, they generally don't like "flaked" or "minced", or "sliced." What may work on a good day is the "classic", "grilled", or "chunky." It's a crapshoot.
1110	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I previously had a Mega which worked  a couple years. This one was a Total Disaster. Never could get rake to work, Littermaid customer service (once you finally get to is) was of little help and Orange Onion (don't buy anything from them) sucked. They couldn't care less, at least Littermaid apologized (on one of my three calls). Keep in mind, if you buy it and return it, do it through Littermaid. You only need to send back the battery cover and that blasted pull wire. To get that out ( NO help from Littermaid!), unscrew every single screw and once you get your hands on that wire, don't let it go! Or you have to take out the rest of the screws by the battery compartment. I wasted hours and hours on this. If only they had a good competitor. They're sending me the only thing available, the latest model that most people here seem to hate. sigh..if it doesn't work, I'm giving up totally on Littermaid. I have two cats, so it had its uses.
3575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best pick up bags available

3422	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I had previously tried Front Line on my 2 cats and been rewarded with healthier fleas.  After applying Advantage, my cats are now flea free.  Product works!
8742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it!!!! Drag it with her where ever she goes!!
134	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say?  This was a replacement for a bowl cover that had chipped badly.  It fit my work bowl and I'm happy it was available.
Roxie desperately needed to gain weight.  I have been using Wellness dry foods now for a few years with great success for the other dogs, but they were sadly not working for Roxie.  Years ago I had fed her nothing but a dried food Lamb & Rice (another brand), tried multiple canned brands & recipes of canned Lamb on the advice of  the Vet (no the prescription diets did not work either, at all, what a disaster they were) and the specialty pet food shop that we have here.  After multiple disasters, I bought a few cans of Wellness Canned Dog Food for Adult Dogs, Lamb and Sweet Potato Recipe.  Fatty, but that can be carved off with a spoon, since it congeals on the food between the food and the can.  Roxie is now thriving on this food 6 months later, has gone from 9.6 pounds to 16+ pounds (ideally she should be around 17 pounds), it stays down, and Roxie is eager to chow down when it is placed in front of her.

My puppy is a Brittany Spaniel every time we buy one she gets very excited!  We will continue to get these for her!
4351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This chick it is longer than the orange one. Tough on wrist but lobs farther
2429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my friend's Chavalier Spaniel. She loves it! She has a very gentle nature and natural mothering instincts and she takes this to bed and grooms it. So sweet!

5940	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible quality, threw it away and it never really worked right. I would not trust it to feed my animal while I was away.
7189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have not tasted them myself , but my Yorkie seems to really like them . He does wiggle his tail while eating them , so I assume that eating this item brings pleasure to him !
4264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs really love this toy.
826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this monthly planner. It's pretty simple. Each two page spread is a single month. There is a good size margin in the inside of the calendar so none of the days are too close to the spine. There is a strip to the right of the calendar for notes. Major holidays are listed. Depending on how the days fall, there may be one or two split boxes for days that don't fit. The calendar is tabbed to help you quickly turn to the right month.

cat would pee over the side. Just covering the bottom of the pan
3781	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is the flimsiest, most unstable "barrier"! Was so hard to put together & my dogs could knock it down by just bumping into it.
228	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm a dog groomer and I see a lot of collars and I will say this one is very well made and the lock is very easy to attach even for elderly folks who has a hard time locking collars. I received this at a discount for my 100% honest review.
668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gave these as a gift, Mom loved the packaging and jacks.
2947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	i like this toy for my dog. it's made nice and heavy dutty. he has trouble trying to rip it apart.
1324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the Wiggly Giggly, even though it lost it's giggle pretty quickly due to high playing usage, my dogs loved it and still take it out of the toy box!
We used the premium litter but the "cat material" clumped up and the rake couldn't move it. It created a real mess.

6706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats like this toy.  They get quite wild playing with it.
8021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it!
They are very hard and knobby and my chocolate lab seems to absolutely love it.

7572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best cat food.
6352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price and I don't have to pick it up at store.
7890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs, Storm (Blue Weimaraner 20 months) and Riley (Dalmatian 12 yrs)love this food.  I mix in a little with their dry food.  My only complaint is, it's a bit smelly, but then again it's the fish flavor.  I prefer the Duck and Sweet Potato. I have not been able to find it on Amazon for the same price. They have never had stomach upset from this food. You save about 30 cents a can plus no tax and free shipping to your door when you order a case from Amazon.
1814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my Corgi's favorite stuffed pet! She has chewed a few holes in them, but they are easy to sew and easily machine washable (air dry). I have one for each floor and an extra for when one of those has just been worn within an inch of its life.

It smells the same as the redish carpet cleaning product.  It is quick and has not had a blockage when spraying.  I sprayed it down and let it set for about 10 minutes and then went over it with the carpet cleaner.  It worked just fine.  I know that I am supposed to blot it after I spray it down, but I rarely remember that step.  There was no discoloration or problem from skipping this step.  My only complaint is that I like the smell of the Silver formula and the smell of this pre-treament and the silver formula do not go well together.  It is like they are fighting for whichever one is stronger.  It dissipates after about an hour, or I just get used to it, but I don't think that I will use these two products together again.  I may have to stick to one or the other, or use both reddish bottles for a little while.
5706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far it's perfect.  I bought a 1 cup bottle of whipping cream.  I cleaned the canister and dried it thoroughly.  Then I put the canister in the fridge over night.  The next day, I put the cream in a measuring cup, added 2 tablespoons of granulated sugar and a splash of vanilla.  I stirred slowly for a minute, let it sit for a few minutes and then stirred slowly a little more to ensure the sugar was all dissolved.  I then poured the mixture into the canister, put the cap on, put the cartridge in it's metal holder and screwed it on.  You can hear the hissing as the gas in the cartridge is released into the canister.  I then let it sit for a minute or two.  Then I shook it, until it felt like there was no more sloshing.  I counted 10 shakes, but I counted, 1 up, 1 down, not 1 up then down.  I then put the dispensing nozzle on, turned it upside down and pushed the lever over a small paper plate.  Voila!  Whipped cream just like my mother used to make with a stand mixer, a metal bowl kept in the freezer overnight, and admonition a to various daughters to not screw it up and make butter.  I can't wait to try various flavors of whipped cream.
6094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought used - opted for this version of a ramp for my pack of aging herding dogs - 50 # Aussie/BCs and a 75# Bouvier des Flandres - who were beginning to tear my aging back. Made in USA from  heavy duty plastic by the same folks who made the floor mats I got for the truck (Weather Tek). Folds easily. The weight is necessary for the sturdiness I need (plan to throw in the truck bed when not being used). No metal to rust. Textured ramp built in (no peeling). Altogether the ramp is an ideal product I was very pleased to buy at 60% retail cost.
My mother's dog, a 14 year old Shi Tzu won't eat them, but she is really finicky, so we weren't surprised.  The price is a great value for the quantity of tablets verses the weight per dose ratio.  One tablet per 40 lbs.
I'm very happy that I can use this just like her other harnesses and keep the kiddos away until we can work on her fear aggression;;; It was a good investment :')
3598	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really like the thickness and opaque nature of these bags - makes dog business easy to clean up.
854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High-protein and grain-free dog food that doesn't contain artificial, chemical, or otherwise controversial ingredients. It's a super high quality dog food. My dog went for it with gusto, though I know there are dog owners out there whose pets are a bit picky about food they're unfamiliar with. My dog has literally never been hesitant to dive right into any food presented to her, and this was no exception. But I felt confident that she was getting a healthy meal here - we almost always serve grain-free as a rule (and absolutely always corn-, soy-, and wheat-free foods).
I have purchased both the Wellness Chicken and Turkey and my cats have refused to eat it, but in my case, it's probably because I'm transitioning them from another brand they've been eating for a while. I contacted a company representative and was told there have been no issues with the cans I've purchased, which are stamped "7WCCS1", "7WTKS1" and "7WTSS1".  Incidentally, this representative told me the small cans of Wellness cat food are BPA-free, but not the 12.5 oz cans.
1604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for my dad. He made us all donuts. They seem to be good and sturdy. The donuts came out great.

- Administer during or after the animal has eaten to reduce potential incidence of gastrointestinal upset.
5633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our golden loves to run, and chase, these are good and easy to find in the snow.  Also with my Arthritus I don't have to bend over to pick up....
3468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Buy in bulk to save 50%.
5487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There's something about the Chuckit that drives my dog nuts.  She'll bark at anyone holding it who doesn't throw the ball immediately.  Plus, if you get the end of an empty Chuckit near her mouth, it's a chew toy.  So, it's a Chuckit and a Chewit.  This thing can keep her entertained for hours.
6130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Toby, our 90-lb "pup", got too old to get in and out of the SUV on his own.  The Petstep saved the day.  Easy to deploy, easy to fold and stow.  You WILL crush your fingers ONCE while folding it up, but only once.  Sorta like a child and a hot stove. Live and learn.  I don't really see any way to redesign the edge to avoid this without making the Petstep more difficult to use.  By the 3rd day I was able to deploy it from the back of the SUV in about 5 seconds, and stow it in about 10 seconds.

4567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my arm loves it and so do my dogs!
You can use them to put your cat's litter box deposits in as well.
9451	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We tried a few types of canned food.  Friskies was less expensive than Fancy Feast.  The cat refused to eat the 9Lives brand.  Advice is to try a can from the local store before you order a case.  Cats and dogs can be picky eaters.
5327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Boy does thing thing fling a ball. I don't have much of a pitching arm and my Rottweiler pup needs more exercise then she can got from my short distance throws.  This Chuck It launcher really helps tire her out.  I really love that I can pick up the ball without having to touch it too, nothing grosser then a slobbery tennis ball, eww.
1614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE:  I am updating my review to alert people that it seems that this product has been discontinued, and that the closest formula to it that I've been able to find is Iams Premium Protection Adult Cat formula.  I hope this helps someone.  Iams owned the Eukanuba brand before both the Iams and Eukanuba brands were sold to P&G, and then P&G sold both the Iams and Eukanuba brands to Mars in 2014.  It seems that Mars has decided to just go with the Iams brand name for their cat foods, although the Eukanuba dog foods appear to still be available.  The cat foods are no longer listed on the Eukanuba website.  Since the same manufacturer owns both brands, hopefully the Iams brand will be just as good.
5371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy and it's so much easier for me to throw her tennis balls now!  Also, it's a much bigger toy (handle) then I expected!  Great buy!

4111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs like'em!


He enjoys every one of the wellness varieties canned food. I find the time invested of getting a few cases at the usual local pet stores is both time consuming and costly so our family really loves the often free shipping and easy order program here on amazon. We like to stock up for a few months so we don't have to bother.

2642	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Very small, not what I expect from KONG
2580	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not the "Ohhhhhh noooooooo!" again! This toy gets to be very annoying because that's all it says but it's fun to see the look on the dog's face when Mr. Bill says it. This toy is not for destructive breeds or if the dog doesn't use the soft mouth. The box inside breaks if dog chews on it alone. It has stuffing in it but if you want and know how to, you just sew it back up. It's a fun toy but easy to break. This was the 3rd toy I've bought for the dog. She likes the "Ohhhh noooo!!!"
2342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog cuddles with this toy every night so soft and cute

6785	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Friskies is Friskies. I usually buy mine at Costco in a much larger package but in a pinch this works.
all in all it's a very fine product, that makes caring for your
1586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The flooring is hard on the dogs so when they changed the supplement I was giving them, I tried this and it is easy to use, and they are having no trouble with their feet and legs. The 7lb poodle had luxateing patelals  and had an operation on both back legs and is able to run again.  Thanks for a good product.
I would not recommend this to anyone. A big cardboard box would look better and be much more functional then this thing.
First day using it we got some freezing rain,  The cover absorbed all my wet and soggy pooch could give it and more.
See my full review of the Scoop Free by going to the product or my clicking on "See all of my review" link here.
971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE:  I am updating my review to alert people that it seems that this product has been discontinued, and that the closest formula to it that I've been able to find is Iams Premium Protection Adult Cat formula.  I hope this helps someone.  Iams owned the Eukanuba brand before both the Iams and Eukanuba brands were sold to P&G, and then P&G sold both the Iams and Eukanuba brands to Mars in 2014.  It seems that Mars has decided to just go with the Iams brand name for their cat foods, although the Eukanuba dog foods appear to still be available.  The cat foods are no longer listed on the Eukanuba website.  Since the same manufacturer owns both brands, hopefully the Iams brand will be just as good.
3194	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Dog hates it and won't touch the treats.
682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these are great i'm using them for my craft's, they are awesome  :)
If I had the option to purchase again, I would rather buy the regular Kongs over this design.

101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good price, fast delivery.
5249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throw far with ease

5776	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for experimenting with different cocktails.  Easy to care for.
- Overall feelings: I like it, my dogs like it, no regrets.

974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	used this for my dog to travel on airplane.  my dog loves it and sometimes just sleeps in it (my biggest fear is that he would be scared of it and never go in it).  fit perfectly under plane seat in United airplane.

2998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I needed a replacement for the leash portion of the Buddy System I already own, so I purchased one leash in black and the whole new system in red.  Now I can be more or less color coordinated as I go about my my daily routine!
8375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Would buy again
9758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Always use.
720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have three very large golden retrievers. Their favorite word is "walk." It is really difficult to walk all three at the same time. I cannot walk with two leashes in one hand, so I thought that I would try this hands-free dog leash. This is a really nice leash and it came with an added bonus of 15 bags and bag dispenser. I like the black and blue colors of this leash and it is really well made. When it is fully extended, it is 63." My dogs are very large dogs and when they pull, it's almost too much to handle. This leash is padded and helps with pulling. It is fully adjustable and very easy to adjust. It has a nice bungee for shock absorption and it claims to absorb shock for dogs up to 150 pounds. My biggest one is 100 pounds and it works very nicely with her! She's usually the one that I have to drag along because she's so far behind, but my middle dog is a puller and it works for him too. This also includes reflective stitching which is perfect for late night walking. This leash is great for my three large golden retrievers. It makes walking/running with them a lot easier.
Keeping YN in covered pail keeps it from absorbing moisture from the
7632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my kitties only like turkey and salmon.. They don't do too well on the mixed grill (get stomach issues after eating it and don't like it too much to begin with)..but this package forces me to get all.. I wish they had individual packages of 12 or 24 per flavor. I have a hard time finding the turkey one in the stores..they usually run out very quickly..seems popular!
5556	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This Chuckit! launcher toy feels very well made. It has a large comfortable grip section and the plastic feels very durable. I personally didn't achieve "far" throwing results but my lab didn't complain. He was happy I was playing fetch and I am very happy not to have to get my hands all slobbery in the process since I use the Chuckit to pick up the toy as well as throw it.
5373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my very enthusiastic lab who was OBSESSED with chasing balls. She LIVED to chase a ball. This one was more economical, I didn't have to pay shipping due to Amazon Prime and it was quick delivery. Unfortunately, Maggie passed away at the age of 3 in her prime. She passed due to complications delivering puppies. The breeder offered me another dog. We will be going to get her on Saturday. She will be enjoying it in Maggie's memory. Our new dog won't replace Maggie but she'll fill a hole. God Bless you Maggie !
6718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love product.
4924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works great!
6710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat's love it!
It's clean and you don't have to clean the waste yourselve.  My cat also having fun watching it!
Very well made.  A LOT bigger than I thought it would be; as I bought it for my Snorkie who is 10 pounds; and it is way too big for her.  But, I also have an Australian Shepherd and she loved it; and she does not like very many toys.
978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these treats, and we do too as they have healthy ingredients.  We purchase them as soon as the supply goes down.
8989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This diet results in easy refuse clean-up in addition to a healthy diet for a happy puppy. Healthy puppy + easy clean-up = happy life

7640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank god- my picky cat loves this food!
4966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I honestly love this because I don't have to bend down to get the ball. Plus it can launch the ball so far. It actually makes my pup tired after playing fetch. Win win!
and I sell these stuff at http://www.etsy.com/shop/Aim4Goodies.  Great to print on a normal printer too!
I am SO happy we bought this one. They have been playing with it all night. Nascar has tried to chase Katy away from it, claiming ownership, even tho it is a share toy. (Note - we bought this for their Christmas gift (don't laugh - lots of pet lovers give their pets gifts!), but I was too weak. I gave it to them right away.) We are probably going to get one for downstairs too, just because they are enjoying it so very much.
Also does not look like item pictured too.


6506	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I thought I would try this for my breeze litter system; what a bad idea! It made the biggest mess and fell through the grates and I had a real job when I finally decided to clean it out. I wouldn't recommend for a regular litter box either.  I made my apt wreak of urine. Ugh, it was so gross.
1372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This and all items listed below were good.
9527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Four cases arrived on time, No dents, Have been feeding this for about 6 months and 3 cats eat 2 cans a day and leave not a morsel. After as much research as I could do - feel that I'm doing the best I can for them. Thinking that the cost balances out in very few vet, visits. Always reading and researching though and am very pleased with this cat food. Thanks.


5381	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I got this!  I'm not a very good throwing artiste for my puppy and she likes to runand runand run.  Honestly, she could do it all day.  The thing that made me get this was after one weekend, I got a pretty sore shoulder and felt like I just wasn't getting far enough runs in for my dog.  After this - and it is even the short one - she's got a really great run in but not too far to lose us.  Very highly recommended.
893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying the Avalanche "Note Nook" pocket calendar for myself and each member of my family for 4-5 Christmases now.  We all love the pockets in the front of each month, for storing play tickets, birthday cards for months down the road, or as I use it, for keeping shipping records for my Ebay purchases and sales.  There are so many different design themes that will appeal to anyone.  I just wish Avalanche would bring back the zen Asian motif though.
8396	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	As other reviewers have commented, the quality is inconsistent. My cat LOVED 22 of the 24 cans and I had to throw the other two away. The texture/color was different and I assume the flavor was as well. She took two bites and opted for dry food.
3268	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When I realized my dog had tapeworm I did not know what to do. I got on the net looked up what I needed without a prescription (because I just could not afford a trip to the vet) and found this product. I then called the pet stores but they charged way too much for it. I finally found the best price on Amazon and was able to get the meds to make my pup all well. It is a great product. It worked quickly and my pup felt better in a couple of days! Yea!
9306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat can finish it in two minutes! Love it so much
563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits my green cheek conure perfect! She loves chewing and sitting on them all day.
461	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Last summer was flea city and we tried everything to get rid of them. Bug bombs, foggers, every other flea collar known to man, flew baths, exterminator, any home pest treatment you could imagine, and the only thing that worked was putting this on my pup.  Only then would they stop coming in on her. It was night and day. Unfortunately, that would be my pup's final summer with me and I'm glad she got to spend the majority of it rolling around in the back yard without having to spend hours itching afterward.
244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it and take what they need
4531	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What an arm and shoulder saver! Much easier to play with pups this way. I had read where the provided ball had some issues so we've just been using regular tennis balls.
4289	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	DON'T buy them, the furry part of the ball comes off and my dog, a GSD, took the ball apart, broke it into two pieces after maybe a day or two. PLUS HE SWALLOWED THE FURRY PART OF THE BALL AND CHOCKED! Apparently he likes to pull the skin off of the ball once he got the ball open. Luckily he threw it back out. I bought probably around 20 of these balls (accidental order) and after 3 months I have none left. Stick with the gummy balls, they are great, no chocking hazard and they can be thrown pretty far.
2870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My toy poodle puppy LOVES this toy!!!! It is definitely one of her favorites!!!
2824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our puppy loves it and i like how it comes with a replacing squeaker just in case;)
6336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this supplement for dogs.  Nothing is a miracle cure for old age, but at least their are nutritional supplements of benefit.  This is one of them.  Compare it to Cosequin (sp) or some of the other high end products.  Compare the ingredients in your products and you might just decide that this is just what your doggie needs.
I would definitely recommend these! They are so handy to have around. Plus they were really low cost and fast shipping! A+ all around
1135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	we bought our first LitterMaid 4 years ago, a LM700. we didn't take special care of it really. I cleaned it well enough to keep it going and it avoided having any of the issues most people complain about... keep good litter in it, clear any jams, use bags in the trays.
6599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Havanese 6 mos puppy loves this and looks forward to feeding time.
2063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my 5 year old Irish Water Spaniel to replace her older lamb that finally gave up its stuffing. she is a notorious chewer of balls, but for some reason won't chew these. Packs this around like it is her best friend.
It only lasts for five sessions. If you are leaving the house for longer too bad.
8780	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Alice says, "Give it to the dog"!
Too bad can not buy launcher only-ball is a waste of money
27	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	1

Enough said.
9043	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Food.....My little girl always cleans her dish.
7912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	DogsLOVE THEM, and great price!!
All dogs seems to responded to Cesar all the time and his touches are so effective, almost like miracles.  Let's not forget he is gifted with some ability such as feeling the dog's energy.  He always touch before the dog escalate.  Until we practice this, we'll never have as effective touch as he is, but the shows are definitely fun to watch, just don't expect the same result.
I may even use this leash even when I can go back to using normal leashes... at least for those long drags to the dog park!
4541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Saves my arm from wear & tear. This product gets used several times a day. We have two active dogs.
8431	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I always take negative reviews at Amazon with a grain of salt, all products are going to have their issues and typically people that have bad experiences tend to be louder than people who enjoy a product.  This is an item that I wished I didn't take those negative reviews with a grain of salt.
4581	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Zoey loves it, & I also like it as in my later age the dog can run a lot faster than I can.
1898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 10 week old puppy LOVED it.
Now she's so satisfied with those and says they are the best. Easy to work with, comfortable and friendly.
9456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it and it stands up to strong chewers!
2052	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is a single DVD - not 2.  Description is incorrect.
9448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have an aggressive 50lb pit mix and she needs a toy that can stand up to her chewing as well as be a little softer on her poor teeth/gums. We do fill it with treats from time to time but also let her just gnaw on it. So far it has stayed fairly in tact
I just went from 5 star review to 1 star review and here is why:
5888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both my 10-year old American Eskimo and 12-year old diabetic Miniature Pinscher really loves these treats. Their limps have decreased since I've been giving them these chews.
5374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my dogs favorite toys.  She loves to chase balls.  I would advise buying extra balls.  I have difficulty bending over and I make her drop the ball she just chased before I throw another.  I would have no problem buying this again.  It is great for people with mobility problems who still want to play with their dog.
small Pureness Giant High Sides Cat Litter Pan, no liner.
778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	They arrived fresh and price was right
486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	recevied
238	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I agree with other reviewer about this product -- it's very cat-specific in terms of which ones like it or not. It works. A cat either likes it from the start or doesn't, and that preference persist.  The ones that like it, LOVE it -- and I can't accidentally leave it on the counter since it will end up with puncture marks from them trying to bite into it.  The ones that aren't interested weren't interested from the start.  FWIW, adding some mineral oil to a cat's wet food is welcome by all of mine, so to the extent one of the cats don't take the petromalt, the mineral oil helps to keep the hairball situation under control.  Mineral oil is odorless and tasteless, so I don't get the fascination with it, but cats will be cats. . . .
7653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is a huge hit with both of our cats. They love to bat the ball around and around, and it keeps them entertained for a long time. I recommend adding the grooming arch, sold separately.
2555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I originally purchased just one of these, but after my other dog saw it (she almost never plays with toys, while the other loves toys) I knew that i was going to have to order another!  They have lasted a pretty good time considering my dog usually tears through "heavy dog toys" in about a week!
9048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat liked the ball part for a few minutes then moved on to something else. She doesnt use the scratch pad part but i like this toy anyway and think its just her ADD ways that keep her from playing with this. Good product even though its not for my cat.
sometimes you have to really work to get this thing to release the ball. half the time when i swing it the ball stays in the cup.

3173	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased these after advice from a dog trainer. I have been using them for over two months, and have yet to see a difference. My dog's also don't really like the taste, so it takes some coaxing to get them to take it. The look at it more like medicine rather than a dog treat.
3737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They may not be environmental friendly but I can't stand the green bags that are; they don't open easily & are too thin.  If others like them, more power to them, but I can't stand the thought of the bags leaking and being unsanitary.  These bags are my preference and do the job whether at home or traveling.

2715	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves his new toy.  He always has fun shopping on amazon.  The squeaker is replaceable and that is nice.  This is perfect size for a Pomeranian.
3757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It really is a good product.  Better than the average poop bag, because it's so tough and durable.  It's my favorite poop bag when I can afford it.

1553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog fave
1796	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog eats multi pets in hours. Loves them too much. But Mr bill is awesome. Over a month of being carried around and chewed
767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	WELL MY LITTLE GIRL LOVES THESE..
6719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog enjoys the food and NO DENTED CANS
4562	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect, size is for normal tennis ball.
7011	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff used to be great, but not anymore.  I have 9 kitties and only half take interest in the bubbles, which is fine.  Then only half have fun.  They changed the formula and the wand with the new label.  I do not recommend this product.  Hardly get any bubbles to blow out of it.  My cats sit there waiting for bubbles while I continue blowing duds, not any suds.  Hope this review helps!!
2834	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The fake fur on this bear falls apart just by touching it. It's poor quality and I didn't want my puppy to eat the cheap fur falling off.
2607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Little did I know when I bought&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mr-Bill/dp/B002P9KOWI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mr. Bill</a>, that when chewed, he cries out "Oh nooooooo!" just like his SNL tv namesake!  Lady, my black lab absolutely loves this toy. When we gave her Mr. Bill two months ago, she forgot about her other toys for almost a month.  She has started playing with her other toys again, but this is still her favorite.

7637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats LOVE this stuff!!  Give your's a thrill and buy some for them today!
1541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Touchable softness, loveable features, and quality construction make the 13 inch Jellycat Dylan Dragon a charmer.  This raspberry-red darling  the color shown in the description is quite accurate  gives Grandma one more reason to continue purchasing Jellycat stuffed animals for her little darlings to cuddle as their lovies.


9068	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Durable, does the job.
8231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product, fast delivery!
4483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arm saver... As I've gotten older my shoulders will not allow me to throw very far... this is a great product.
I opened the can of the "new" stuff- and my cat sniffed it and walked away. She wouldn't eat it. She's always been finicky and only eats canned ( chicken and the chicken / herring formula) . My other cats all eat Wellness Dry only. However, my other cats wait to "lick" what's left on the plate after The Finicky one finishes.
3915	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love having these replacement balls. My dogs looses the balls on occasion: it's so nice to know I have these replacements available. Their bright coloring make them super easy to locate in the grass, soaked rained ground too.
277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Fit perfectly
8696	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog ate this entire thing in the course of an hour.  Not for t he tougher chewers!
416	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this works ...  although there is a concern for an allergic reaction ... as always you need to watch . i like this better than front line and advantix . this is our second year using this product

7818	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just be sure to supervise when dog uses it. and no dogs over 60lbs.
8558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Only the best for my pups. Vet and owner recommended
7258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my dog's favorite!  I have ordered them three different times and they love all three shapes.

4452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great way to have your pet go fetch!  Must have for seniors!

9744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been feeding my cats Hill's Science Diet dry food for over 10 years. They always eat everything in the bowl. If they like it, then I like it.
5924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really liked this.  Had one before the racoons tried to get into to and it got turned over and didn't work while we were gone - were devastated, worried our cats didn't get any food.  This one sits on the ground and the racoons didn't seem to be concerned with this one for some reason, and we liked the way it turns to the next meal after the time you set it at.
4441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We use this a lot it is very durable.
1209	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Our 16 year old cat has had a wonderful LitterMaid Self-Cleaning Litter box for 10 years. Then one day it died. So not wanting to upset the opld girl I bought her a new one. All it did was rake rake rake. It would not stop. I called the company & we tried the reset procedure. No luck. I returned it & got a new one - - same problem. I reset & it just kept raking. I returned the second one as well. They were both defective unfortunately.
2740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppies love these tiny squeaky toys!
73	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Replacement blades are so expensive that my husband decided it'd make more sense to just buy a new razor; however, he discovered that wasn't the case. He liked his existing Norelco so much better that he returned the new razor and bought the replacement heads for his old. He said he's glad he did, and the blades are doing a great job!
9174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Per breeders diet using Life's Abundance All Stages. At veterinary request need to add puppy kibble ie Hill Science. Blending both. Puppy loves! Also using Hills Science Puppy Small Bites for his treats during training. .It's healthier than higher calorie treats when giving so often during training.

250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties can't live without this!  No more hair balls in my house.
7663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A little pricey, but the cats like it and it's better for them than the cheaper brands.
4782	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have the large launcher and the junior size. Our lab loves to chase the balls non-stop and having the choice of launcher size is a must! We lost so many balls over the fence before we bought the junior size. The large launcher is great for the dog park, the lake, and huge fields. The junior is great for the back yard or smaller parks.
3138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I needed a hip and joint supplement for my 8 year old Malamute/Shepard mix.  At first I thought she was going to be finicky about it, she didn't readily accept them.  After about 3 days of offering them to her she finally took them, now she digs them out of her kibble first.
However, the reviews from buyers stating poor quality control of this product invalidate many, if not all, of the benefits of the use of superior ingredients.
2471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	completely satisfiecod with this purchase!
7429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lasts a long time with heavy big chewers
2892	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	A little to small but I liked you can replace sqeek
 Jellycat Dylan Dragon has the ultra-soft fur that is a hallmark of Jellycat stuffed toys.  It feels wonderful to the touch and makes these animals very cuddly.  Jellycat Dylan Dragon features velvety, felt-like wings, spines and a tail-tip; although these features are not actually velvet, they are not felt.  His little black eyes peek out from underneath his fur.

Also - my pup has had a lot of Chuck-it products and has really liked every single one. The rubber tennis ball (that fits in this arm or can be used alone) is her favorite.
3625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The Mutt Mitt bags are definitely thicker and a bit easier to use than the less expensive & thinner bulk poop bags.  If you are squeamish about picking up poop, then I recommend these bags.  If a lower price per bag is more important to you, stick with other bags where you get more bags for less cost.
2352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Oh No! Great fun.
8382	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Everyone wants the T-Rex, but the dog is happy with her stegosaurus that she received. The thing is SUPER HARD SOLID PLASTIC and is actually quite HEAVY. I have no idea why she likes the thing, but she always chews on it. She loves the thing and will buy another once she wears this thing out... it may be years....
375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	seems to be working
3323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As described. Fast ship. Would use again.
2244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	4 DOGS THEY ALL LOVE THEM
1118	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately again.... Another disappointment.
Mr. Bubbles is great if you have 2 dogs that play tug of war with toys, they each pull on his long arms.
The toy is really cute, but just beware that for teething dogs (or dogs who like to take things apart with their teeth) it presents a very serious swallowing hazard.
Her coat is gorgeous. Her eyes bright. She's smart and alert!
4213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The 26M Launcher fits the medium sized balls (found this out because I bought the wrong size) and it works perfectly fine. They advertise being able to throw 3 times farther but as an athletic 22 year old I found that with the launcher I can throw about 25% farther with ease and with a little luck and exertion about 50%. I think this may be due to the arm of the launcher seemingly more flexible than I thought it would be. Works great for minimizing exertion/throwing out your arm and not having to deal with picking up a slobbery ball.
9687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an amazing deal for healthy dog food. I subscribe to get it every other month and I am at ease that my dog is eating healthy and I am saving money. He loves this food!!
2134	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lamb Chop is a favorite character of ours and has also become a favorite of one of the family's four legged members.  Skruffy plays a game with her every night before bedtime with her human.  Lamb chop is a perfect size, soft, has a squeeker and perfect.

2653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	True to their word the product had held up for a long time. Even though it has moved to the bottom of the toy pile, every now and then the pup will drag it out for a game of fetch.
9219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is an excellent toy for cats of all ages; got to get one if you don't already have one.

5293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works well. Bought the Classic 26M and works well but I have to hold it with two hands when throwing because the ball wouldn't release with me holding by just one hand. The grip was too strong, so by having two hands, it stops the motion abruptly, which cause the ball to fling out of the holder. But I can't complain. It does what it should do.. :) Maybe I'm just lazy by wanting to only use one hand to do the work. My dog loves playing fetch!
9088	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Food excellent as always but the packing was horrible
6995	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This stains my carpet green and it's a hit or miss on the bubbles.  Plus, you have to pour it out to get the plastic bubble blower out.
5152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really love this.. We have greyhounds.. A regular throw just doesn't cut it.. With this, I can launch any tennis ball sized ball at least a football fields length.
8470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh my, My chewer is happy these days!  She is tiny and this is a perfect challenge.
11	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	seriously, buy a tape recorder and just play it continuously to your bird. at least then, it will be your own voice he's hearing and not just some random person saying 'hello' over and and over again. i'm sure repitition is good for them to learn, but i paid $11.99 for this? the entire cd is made up of random words or phrases all about 3-5 seconds long. the idea is to choose the one you want your bird to learn and then put the that track of the cd on repeat. it makes sense, but really, couldn't you do it yourself for free? also, alot of the words are things i wouln't want him to learn anyway, just random stuff you wouldn't normally even say yourself.
8620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lasts a long time, even with my strong chewer. Other dog totally uninterested in it, however.

The stitching is done extrememly well - with the only part getting chewed open being the nose.  But one of the best things is that there's only a tiny bit of stuffing in there - so even when they got the nose off, there was just one little blob of filling to pick up - and they can still play with it!
9384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat love it
1) It is simple and compact
8899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought it thinking we would need a second one but have never actually used it.  Looks like it would be just fine though.
5493	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's all-time favorite pastime is her small ChuckIt! ball.  She always knows exactly where it is and makes plenty of opportunities for me to toss it for her.  After a while though, it gets slippery, so when I saw this Launcher I wasn't sure it would work for me but decided to give it a try.  Well, it does work!  It takes a small effort to get it to snap onto the ball, and then toss the ball with a flick of your wrist and the ball will fly much further than tossing it with your hand.  Terrific little gadget for making playtime fun for you and your dog.  Be sure to get the appropriate size for your dog's mouth.  This comes in several sizes.  Make sure the ball is not small enough for the dog to accidentally get it lodged in the throat, or so large that the dog strains the jaws trying to hold on to it.
By the way we use this with the 2" Kong squeaky balls we purchase on Amazon and it works just fine. You can really throw the ball much further with this thing.  Allows us to help our dog get a lot of exercise in the backyard.
3011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works great, my dog does not pull and my hands are free when I use this leash.
2517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is an adorable dog toy, but it's not very thick material. If you have a dog that likes to chew or tear, this wouldn't be a good choice. If you're looking for a plush toy for your dog to squeak or carry around, it would be great.
8406	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this product due to positive reviews but my dog won't even touch it.  He does like the chicken flavored Nylabone chew which he got to try out while on a doggie playdate.  So I guess "the original flavor" on the Dino chew is either too bland or has no flavor at all.
9790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I ordered one of these and got the T-Rex. My pup is a very heavy chewer, so I'm always looking for things that will hold up. This one definitely does. He has had it for months and it's still going strong. I can see some bite marks on it, but nothing has come off. He has lost interest in it over time, but I'm glad I found something that won't put him at risk when he does want to chew on it. I would highly recommend this for dogs that chew a ton.
5627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!  The dogs and I both love it.  I'm glad that I received the lime green color because I can spot it quicker if it gets left in the yard.  It helps the dogs get their exercise and doesn't hurt my arm or shoulder.  We all get to exercise and that's we need to be doing.
3660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only pick up bag we use.
If you can't have your dog pull on your arm this is a good solution.
9374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love these.  I have found them indestructible, even for our big dogs that really like to chew.
6196	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had three generations of gerbils who've eaten this food. It was originally recommended to us by the small animal rescue where we adopted our first family of gerbils. It is a well-balanced product designed specifically for the needs of gerbils. Our vet told us that contrary to the way pet food is packaged, gerbils and hamsters do have different nutritional needs, and most gerbli/hamster foods are formulated primarily for hamsters, not gerbils. Unfortunately this food is not carried by many vendors in the US anymore, and I'm afraid I won't be able to find it anymore.
2438	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pups love this toy. It has held up well, and I'm happy it hasn't been disemboweled yet.
This is my golden retriever's favorite toy. It's for dogs with soft mouths. Washable. Squeaker seems to be indestructible (good news/bad news).
5603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great product, had the smaller one that takes tennis ball size (balls) but our German shepherd needs the bigger size ball. This combined with the ultra ball - large, is great no more slobery dirty hands from picking the ball up to throw for him and no more sore shoulder from throwing. In fact i have to be carefull not to fling it too hard or the ball lands miles away. I ordered 2 so that when my husband comes out with us we don't have to keep swapping launcher. Made of plastic so we rinse it the same time as we wash the mega ball. Would recommend this to anyone whose dog loves to chase the ball.
3215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These seemed to help our dog get through the 4th of July.  One treat was fine for her 37 lbs.
8236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great for the dogs to chew on and they are not real expensive.  We have two mini-schnauzers and a goldendoodle who all like them.  They have little bumps on them so they aren't smooth like some Nylabones.  We ordered three of them and because you don't get to choose what style you get, we got two of the same.  It really didn't matter what they looked like because the dogs like them.
4254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these balls, its small enough for my shihpoo puppy to play with and carry around in her mouth and strong enough to withstand her chewing. Definately will buy these again.
883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 cats.  This is the only food that they will ALL eat without getting upset stomachs.
8894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my dogs favorite toys
7293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A high quality dog food my dog loves. Winner
The label further states that the food is "formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Cat Food Nutrient Profiles ..."
3034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves to run her dog with this!

First, I am a small woman, and this is EASY to lift; and I have no idea about where folks are getting this "pinching you fingers" stuff....I mean, yes, if something folds and you put your fingers in the way, you will get pinched, but you have to be stupid to do that!  We carry over next door sometimes without even folding it.....very easy to manage BUT very well designed and sturdy.  Love the rubber grips at the top and the ribbed ramp is just perfect.  He learned to do it in 2 days and seems sort of proud that he can go up and down by himself now.  We hear the "WOOF" at the door and there he is at the top of the ramp.  BUY IT!!! It has changed out lives. And, Amazon is always excellent to deal with!!!!
1832	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I gave in and got another Lambie. This one for "Little Bit" I  am using this to go under my neck to support with head on pillow. Of all the weird shaped things I got this works best. Only one problem my dog keeps stealing it to play with!. Very soft!

3038	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I initially bought this so I could have my hands free to carry my paddleboard from the car to the lake when I took my dog with me but now I also use it on regular hikes in the woods; it seems to keep my dog from yanking me all over the place and it's a greet convenience not having to keepi switching a leash from hand to hand
All in all, they like this product and I am thrilled already with the positive changes I see in my 'kids' who are always with me and the fosters who arrive in rough shape but leave for happy, responsible homes upon adoption. I dislike pumping meds into any pet when something else will help. I'm sticking with this product. It works for me and mine. I wouldn't purchase 7-10 6 lb bags of this product at a time if my pups weren't exhibiting such remarkable improvements. Their quality of life has definitely improved. Packaging says to allow 4-6 weeks for best results but it took less than 3 weeks for me to begin seeing significant changes in all of my guys and gals. Can't wait to see what 6+ weeks of using this product will produce!
1350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my 2yr old Parsons Terrier, she would bark at everything that went on outside when our door is open. The packaging is really nice. The info phamplet is very clear in its instructions on how to use the no bark collar. I love that it has 3 types of correction. I wasn't to sure about the shock type feature. I was thinking it was gonna be like a taser, LOL! It is NOT! It gives a jolt like white static electricity. My husband tried all 7 settings. I was only brave enough to try up to setting 3, LoL! But it was not harmful at all. We didn't even need to turn that on! We used the vibrate with the beep and with in 5 different times barking, she stopped. She has barked once or twice not wearing the collar when the door was open but as soon as I show her the collar she stops! Another thing I really liked was that you can adjust all the settings, you can set how sensitive you want the collar to be to the barking, how strong you want the vibration or the shock. Or shut the shock feature off totally. It charges with in an hour with the usb cable and my dog wore it for a week strait so far and I didn't need to re-charge it. So Im not sure how long it lasts on one charge, but I think a week is a long time! The collar is small enough to fit a toy breed and can expand large enough to fit an xl breed dog. Their customer service is awesome too!!
9621	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it!  It's a little smaller than I imagined it would be, but it is great.
2023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this toy for my friend's little poodle. The dog absolutely loves it and actually pulls this toy out over all her others from her toy basket. Spoiled I know ;P. I'm actually thinking of buying another one in case the first one gets ruined.
7806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the pickiest eater in the world! He loves it.
9323	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Or rather my dog doesn't.  He chews on EVERYTHING Kong branded I buy, but he won't touch this one.
Lastly, this LM900 is a bit quieter than the original, battery life is NOT what they say... two months is not ever going to happen.
6577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it
482	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Massive reaction on our dog's neck required veterinary care despite thick fur. Avoid. Would prefer to assign zero stars.
-you can control how high or low or far you throw it.
Then again my cat is doggon picky and persnickity.
Cons
5586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This was a great little gadget for playing fetch with my dog.  The only reason I gave it four stars is that the tennis ball that came with it was destroyed within two throws...it simply broke in half upon landing.  But I purchased more tennis balls from the local pet supply store that are sturdier and they work just as well with the launcher.  The chuckit it is definitely a back & arm saver!  No bending to get the ball and throws quite a distance with out blowing out the muscles in your arms!
3097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two dogs and I am able to walk both dogs on the buddy system. It also has helped me get the concept of heal across to both of them simultaneously.
4862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this. Really throws the tennis balls FAR. Great fun and exercise!!
2341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it, and the "oh, nooooooooooooooooooooooooo" is hysterical. You'll save $ buying this on Amazon vs in stores. I've bought this toy for my dogs many times - eventually they'll break the speaker - but this is affordable to replace.
625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ok
5904	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 13 yr old Husky that has gotten so picky about her food that she only eats something like Fresh Pet or dried meats (mainly chicken).  She turns her nose up at most treats and won't eat pill pockets.  So I was thrilled to find these because she loves them.  She actually begs for them. And they seem to do the trick since she is a very 13 yr old with no noticeable joint pain.
those plastic stackable bins.) as the volume of litter is reduced
502	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Heard great things about these collars. Very disappointed. Very expensive and still found fleas on my dogs.
2000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's all time favorite toy. She worships this one. Dumped all of her other stuffed friends and takes this one everywhere, constantly loving on it and bathing it! It's adorable. She lost the first one so I ordered another one right away because she was heartbroken. I'll be ordering a third just in case!
7467	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pate is the only food my cat will eat, she also has a sensitive stomach.  She will eat almost the whole can and not have any stomach problems.
5822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great product
2743	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT ORDER THE SMALLEST SIZE! Unless you have a teacup puppy and DO NOT mind that it is a completely different bear than they picture, then I don't see why not.
5069	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So much fun for both of us.
7303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A repeat customer.  The cats seem to like it and eat it, so there it is.
2816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is absolutely obsessed with these toys and will squeak them over and over again. He has this teddy bear and also the duck. They are the perfect size for a toy breed puppy. The squeaker drives me nuts but it keeps him out of trouble! :)

4746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good addition to dog exercise
6652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has been on this for years now.  She is a Mutt and 4 years old.  She has always had the extreme "butt shake" when she's excited, due to the oddness of her hip build.  This keeps her moving.  She avoids pills in her food at all costs, but likes this.  She licks the bowl clean.  It seems like a lot of powder for the size, but as long as she likes it and i'm not forcing it into her it's worth it.
2708	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the tiny one for my chihuahua puppy, and in less than 10 minutes she pulled some of the fur off and was munching on it. She's gentle with toys, she has a small mouth, and she's never destroyed any toys.
6159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as well as two other tick removal tools. This is by far the best of the bunch removing then holding the tick in the cup once removed. It easily gets underneath the tick with the long coat my cockers have. I just purchased another one ( a 3 pack) to have in our Rv and give one to  my brother inlaw.

3108	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy! She insists we play fetch with it every day. It's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover :)
5582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our poodle mix looves this product. She loves a reason to run and the Chuck-It will give her a good reason to sprint down the park.

to Friskies. My three are doing great.
7004	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've shaken the bottle, blown very slow to try to get a bubble, and it is too hard to get bubbles. I've just ordered another brand to see if I can find a good product. The actual device for blowing bubbles has a tiny flat handle (not as shown in the picture) and you have to dig down in the bottle to try it fish it out which is messy. I had other brands that worked much better with a double option device to use to blow bubbles. My cats love to run after the bubbles. This was a disappointing purchase.
8911	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Thought this would be tough enough for my American  Bulldog  but she ripped it in pieces in no time.  Do not buy unless you want your dog swallowing  this.
This pack is Pate, which is the only thing any of my cats have actually liked. They usually lick the gravy off of the other stuff and barely touch it.
573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have had this in my Grey's cage for about 4 days & Ducky hasn't paid much attention to it, but I am sure he will (he has other toys he is chewing up & playing with)  When his other toy's are demolished, he will no doubt demolish this one as well.
Now another reason I took off a half star is because of the price. It's ridiculously expensive.  I can buy a 50 pound bag of junky dog food for 4 pounds of this.  I felt like it was quite overblown in price. But the quality IS nice; so if you are willing to pay for it....  I just think that for this price, chicken meal and alfalfa meal in particular have no place in it.
4023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good weight, bounce and durability.  The darker color doesn't look as nasty as a yellow tennis ball after our dog plays with it in the yard.
Why, the AAFCO even has an annual meeting. I'll bet that's a debauch.
7122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Kittens really enjoyed eating this product. Two bags eaten and gone. Time to re-order some more.
Before I gave Mr. Bill to my pup, I had taken him to work.  Everyone that remembers Mr. Bill from Saturday Night Live laughed and loved him!  I ended up being asked to pick up FIVE more for friends!
8111	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The bag lasted a long time.
2777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy for small dogs. I have a 6 lbs Pomeranian pup that loves this toy. The squeaker inside is small enough for him to squeak on his own. Love that it comes with a replacement squeak as well.
853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I lost my original eyecup because the clip broke and it fell off the camera without me realizing it.
9148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves to play with this toy! I am happy with my purchase.
6247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excelent food
8682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very pleased - thank you
4381	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this shorter version because I can stick it in my bag and it doesn't fall out or stick out too far.  Almost everyone at our dog parks are now equipped with a Chuckit.  The ball goes further with the longer version, but this one gets the job done.
6486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have used this for over a year.  A rescue kitty had the right rear pad paw pad badly ripped and this was the litter the vet recommended during her 6 week recovery.  Only a small layer (just enough to cover the bottom of the pan) is needed.  Dump after 2 days and replenish.  Very easy to use, nothing sticks to the litter box.
I don't think ANY toy is supposed to be given to a pet without some type of supervision - it just isn't safe.
9513	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs lived these.  A bit pricey
5310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what it says it is. Simply a must have for anyone with a retriever.
5270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good toy
Cons:
2069	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3RHO59D0XHFHN" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/910uhAoG8fS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/913MI9t5VqS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;&nbsp;This toy is AMAZING. When I was in the process of adopting my dog, I went dog toy crazy, but kept all toys in the 4-8$ range. This, by far, was the best value. I ordered another squeaky toy that was the same price and it was a third the size and the squeaker was much harder to get to. What I love about this is that it is fluffy and has easy to get to squeakers in all four legs and the stomach. The toy is soft so sometimes my dog just likes cuddling with this toy too.
4089	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs loved it! Worked perfect w/my chuckit and easy to see!
enjoyed it and I knew ahead of time she is a chewer. Especially with stuffed plush toys with squeakers in them!
2734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my little doxie loves these.  she can't seem to get the squeeker out of this (and she is usually able).  love that it comes with a 2nd one.  we have 4 of these now.
6695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great food for my pups I also enjoyed eating it too lol.
508	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to stuff into a bone puzzle.  Problem is the pieces are of all different sizes.  So, unless you are using this as a food extra to your dog's regular meal, I would not bother.  My dog did enjoy them.
7206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My hound gets 1 of these a year, and it takes him a year to gnaw it done!
8435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitteh approved!
4176	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves tennis balls and so these are exactly like that, just different colors.
786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little terrier is very finicky about her kibble. I've had her over two years and it's been two years of her disappointment with my various (expensive) offerings.
4072	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These are great for about 2-3 uses. Our german shepherd goes through these like nothing. I need to find a ball that will stand up to her chewing.
9576	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My doggie loves it! Better price than anywhere else.
8012	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this and I love that it's a dino!
2987	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Do not buy this toy if your dog has destroyed every other stuffed or cloth toy. Its the same! Despite being solid under the Kong name, my 6 month old Yellow Lab ripped it to shreds in minutes. Are there any cloth toys out there for Labs?
5012	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The launcher is great but the ball that came with it (orange) didn't even last 24 hours.  Tore up really easily and was of a very poor quality.
5) It charges your device rapidly and does not over charge like the ones you get during tech conventions for free
4026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this Launcher and also purchased a double pack each of the Rebounce ball and Erratic ball. My dogs enjoy play time a lot. I don't have the space in my backyard to be able to really launch the balls. It's big enough to really wear down the dogs though with quite a few throws.
8213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this! Had it for 9 months now and he still chews on it every now and then.
8552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this!

8962	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are quality cookies, poultry and grain free and my dogs love them.

I was looking for a plush like toy my 20 lb dog could play with...they say there's not that much stuffing in it.  KONG did not have to pick it up from all over the apt.
9085	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic!

323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I tell my blind dog to get ready to tell the world you are blind and he knows we're going for a walk or a stroller ride! He LOVES this on his body. The mesh material breaths well and if fits perfect! He feels much more secure in it and when it's on him, he knows it's park time! The leash it comes with keeps him close to me and it gives him a great deal of confidence! He trusts walks MUCH more since I bought this....And this is my second! It's been quite the asset in re-training him!  My only wish is MAKE IT IN MORE COLORS!!! WHITE GETS DIRTY!! Give a blind dog owner some choices!

5610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Chuck it and I am even more pleased with my second purchase. I originally purchased the Chuck It Junior but sadly left it at the park. So I bought this large one and it is even better. You get so much more momentum that the ball flies easier and farther than any human or dog could ask for. I highly recommend this product to work out your dogs... plus my hands stay drool free!!!
8775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All our dogs love this particular chew toy. We had a mastiff that chewed infrequently and they lasted about 6 months. We now have a pit bull puppy and they last a week. One caution...with strong chewers you must supervise and not let your dog swallow the larger chunks. We have never had a problem with the small pieces they eat, but do watch out if your dog chews these up quickly because they will pull of larger (1/4 to 1/2 inch) size pieces, which requires monitoring if your pup eats the pieces as ours does.
3502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They work great and I don't worry about them breaking through.
4172	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazing device. Don't have to touch slober covered ball and can launch a ball a long, long way. Just be careful because ball will fly like a rocket. The tennis-like ball only lasted 1 minute before Doberman bit it into pieces. Highly recommend going with the rubber balls or whistlers instead.
6623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great. Good ingredients. Dogs love it and it isn't a set of dented cans like I have received from other companies.
2647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is steal intake and I can not complain . The dogs only play with it when they are supervised. No rips and they are gentle with it. Happy dogs and happy owner with less toys to buy .
1368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys love plush toys, These have lasted several wash and dry cycles. Worth the money.
Additional bonus: Not only do I not have to deal with unloading and stacking individual cans (as you do if bought from the grocer's), they are delivered right to me and I don't have to carry them around the store, from the store, to the trunk, up to the house, etc.

7697	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat tends to be the finicky eater. Nutro is able to provide a nutritious recipe that my cat loves. His coat is so silky and soft.


The Nutro line of pet food products seems to have a good reputation, and the product is made here in the United States. The only thing that would concern me about recommending this product to some one else is the price point. There are other products on the market that I feel are equal to this at half the price - even here at Amazon! I would suggest pet owners weigh everything and make a decision that is right for them and their fur buddy.
7493	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our dog loved it, he is a heavy chewer it took himm almost a year to destroy it in total!
8086	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been feeding my dogs Purina for a few months now and they have been acting very hungry all the time and have not been putting on any weight. In addition to that, I have noticed that their coats are not as bright and shiny as usual. Due to these concerns, I have been on the search for a new dog food that would provide my puppies with the correct nutrition and allow them to be full after the recommended serving size. I began to see results with this food less than a week after switching food. They have more energy and their coats are beginning to return to normal. They have even been able to put the weight back on and their serving size has officially been cut back to what it should be. I would recommend this dog food to any dog owner looking for a healthy solution.
7373	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog Munchkin "Munchie" loooves to chew things. I have to buy her a lot of chew toys that are "dura" and she can usually kill these chew toys relatively quickly. The problem with these particular shapes is that she focused her chewing on the feet of the dinosaurs (I bought more than one.) So, all that chewing and she completely ignored the rest of the dinosaur and all its raised bumps -- it was all about the feet for her which she decimated in about ten minutes. Keep in mind she weighs 9lbs. The design of these are bulky and don't really allow for the dog to get a good handle on them to chew.

8923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat had weird digestive problems and $500 later, the vet still couldn't tell us what was wrong. We switched from Blue Buffalo to Wellness and the problems are gone. My cats never throw up and have beautiful coats.
7350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have tried EVERY type of canned cat food.  Even when I would buy this cat food, I would still try every type of canned cat food.  My cat will ONLY eat this flavor!!  They abhor pate so that's out! The only food that has been successful with my cats is the NUTRO Seafood and Tomato Bisque CHUNKS in Sauce!!  I have tried all the nutro as well.  Nothing did it for my cats except this brand and flavor.  They also will only eat the NUTRO dry food.  They would love to have friskies, fancy feast or any one of those other by-producted foods in the grocery store, but I won't feed them that.  So other than the terrible grocery store food, I will only feed them this.
4589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	saves my arm..... I love playing with our Shepard pup, but I not having sore shoulders. this is AWESOME great control.
9661	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No longer use after I saw a story of a rottie who got his tongue stuck and died.

655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My six year old granddaughter loves it and it fits her pretty well.
7449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats (4) love these. Enough variety that they do not get 'tired' of eating them.
8830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I get a 52% better price for the same cat food I would have had to buy in the  grocery store, and it's delivered to the Post Office for picking up.  I gave 5 stars for the price and took one star away for choosing Fedex for the delivery.  Fedex delivered to my door the first time and after that delivered to my Post Office.  If you've ever lugged home 5 pallets of canned cat food home you know why I've taken one star away.  Felt like a ton instead of 45 lbs.  Maybe it's just my age group.
9992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I loved this dinosaur, but neither one of my miniature dachshunds really care for it. They like orther Nylabone products, but this one just stayed in the toy box.
2054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The hound loves it!

I'd also like to add that we purchased separately a whistle ball and glow-in-the-dark ball (by the same company) which are both hits with our lab.
5165	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These things are awesome. Allows you to play with your dog with ease.
2385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves his lamb toy.  The toy squeaks in all the right places and so far he hasn't chewed it to pieces!

2995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Glad to see that so many others have found these to be great toys. These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-)
6922	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats wuv it.
8691	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fish love it

4031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of our dogs love the chuck it balls.  We love the handle used to throw them!
9233	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't expect this
5913	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	First the chime worked really well. My dog learned to use it in 2 days, I was so happy about that success. After three weeks the chime was malfunctioning, it went off all the time without reason. Big disappointment!!!!
2306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Shih Tzu loves lambchop her original one was left at a relatives so I ordered her another she loves it a lot of squeaking going on lol
8647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good product.  My pup unfortunately didn't tolerate it well, but that is due to what we suspect is an allergy.
6490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good for the dog
7724	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This product actually made my cat fatter. He loved it, but it made him fatter. He weighed less and was at a steady lower weight on his other food.

My friends tell me it looks like an MRI machine, and I can't disagree. The Robot's footprint is the same as the litter maid, except it has more height. It looks nice, works great, and my cat took to it immediately. It has built-in sensors that tell it when the cat is done, and if the cat goes near it during it's rotation, it shuts off for 10 minutes until it detects that it's safe to resume. Amazing! I'm sure you can find it cheaper elsewhere (Hint to Amazon to make the price more competitive), but with shipping charges it may be a wash. Of course you can go to the pet store and buy one (just call ahead to be sure they have it in stock).
CZ 455 LUX has a 20.6" barrel and 39" overall length.  This fits perfectly!
6612	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great bargain.  Cats lob this food.
2068	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cute, but only lasted a week.
2138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our little Maltese loves her little Lambchop.  She is not rough with it being only 7 poiunds, so I don't know if it would be durable if a bigger dog got a hold of it.  But I would recommend this product and it is a soft and friendly looking toy.
5001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it. Summer wants to play ball all day.
"victim" back again.


6221	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My only experience with Yesterday's News is when my cats undergo a declaw procedure.  It works for that.  I don't think I would ever buy this litter for everyday use.  The pellets are gross and they don't absorb well or control odor.  Stick with clumping litter for the best results overall.  But again, after a declaw, this stuff is essential for kittens with extra-sensitive, post-op paws.
BOTTOM LINE:  Absolutely nothing to complain about with these poop bags.  They do their job spectacularly well.

9594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My 4 cats like Purina salmon and rice.
I think it's "OK", and three stars correspond to that.


Shame the ball is slightly too big for my pomeranian.
7797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have bought this two times for my cats so far.  They love it and I love the variety choices they get out of it.  Food smells good and is soft for them to eat.
6507	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this and I've used an off brand of this for quite some time now, for a ferret. This actually does better than the off brand, though they look the same. It works well to absorb the scent and leaves a light fragrance behind. If I could afford it, I would continue to use this over the local off brand. Maybe one day I will come back to it. There definitely needs to be more Yesterday's News coupons!
8276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs love it
6450	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppies love this food. I am a breeder and was looking for a high quality puppy food. This is the one I will be using from now on.
3290	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tradewinds Tape Worm Tablets worked great and now my Cocker Spaniel is worm-free...Medicine delivered in a timely manner also...Had taken my pet to the Veterinarian  3-times in 3 months and  he still had tape worms until I received this product and administered it to him.
she does not have any bad reactions after eating it, though no particular good ones neither.
3281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used program many years ago, then had a 14 yr span with no fleas. A few months ago we noticed fleas on our three cats.  The newest way to treat fleas is with topical applications, so we gave it a try. I hated it, and so did our cats. They smell and create an oily mess of their fur. I was also worried about them ingesting it because they groom each other. So I went back to Program.  You add it to their food once a month, they don't even know it's in there. It does take a couple of months to be fully effective because it doesn't kill the adults, just the eggs. I'm happy to say that I'm going on the fourth month of using Program and we have no fleas! I'm going to keep using it through the summer just to make sure new fleas don't find our yard!
6562	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our pom loves this he cant get enough love that its better made than other brands out there
5023	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy to wear the dog out. I use this for a small field across my house. It is a more short range chuckit. On average it throws 50-60 ft. My dog loves it!
6035	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy. Both my Aussies took to it right off. The rubber keeps the bumper from getting scratched. Doesn't rock or bounce. Great product. Weighs 18 lbs but worth it for the quality you get.
7220	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this ... lasts forever.
5671	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	....thank goodness I looked at the customer pictures before I bought it, huge difference between the product photos & what it actually is. The product photos make it look almost neoprene & padded but its really just like the rest of the other dog seat covers.
9156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The pan, itself, is great.  Able to put in lots of litter.  Large, so very heavy to move, with my arthritis.  But, would rather have that extra litter. Seems sturdy, enough....keeps it shape, with no rough edges.
5074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
I add tea tree oil to the bottle for an antiseptic, antibiotic and antifungal effect.
6729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Vet recommended this. The dogs love it. Better price than Petsmart.
5608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a standard poodle with a ball fetish. She loves (and this is not a strong enough word) tennis balls or anything that can be thrown and returned. We have a large backyard but when I throw the tennis ball (without the Chuckit), she just looks at me with an exasperated, "Really?" The Chuckit allows me to throw the ball clear across our (did I mention large?) yard. I can throw it for a long time without ever getting a sore shoulder or arm and the BEST PART is that I never have to touch a slobbery, muddy ball. Picking the ball up with the Chuckit is very easy, as long as the dog isn't attacking the ball while I'm trying to get it off the ground.

We have three of the wretched creatures: Amanda, Sissy, and Rags. They're finicky eaters, and, moreover, their individual preferences are out of sync. A fair amount of left over wet, i.e. canned, food goes down the garbage disposal. (Dry food is generally less problematic from the standpoint of acceptance, but that's another story for another time. If Amanda fills an empty stomach on dry, she often throws it up. Last week, it was on the window sill and into the groove into which the open, vertically sliding window would come to rest when closed.)
9671	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite treats
788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a excellent product
I was purchasing other brands and thought "hey, this brand is on prime, it's gotta be good".
577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Mexican Double Yellow Head hates change of any kind, unless it's a ride in the car. A toy has to be reduced to unrecognizable before I'll remove it from his cage.
8985	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	NICE KOI LOVE ITVERY LARGE BAGS
5799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My son thought this was the best Seder plate ever: very easy to see the foods with both their names.  Perfect for families with elementary school age children.
8294	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The dogs love them.
1951	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Mr. Bill is made in China, so only God knows... also there is a component inside so the doll says "Oh No!!" repeatedly.  It took 10 minutes for my Cane Corso to break the component and tears it's face off!  Buyer Be Ware!  Also, it's not even a 1 star rating!
2172	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable and so soft! My dog loves to lay his head on it!

7634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat likes it
9951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good food but turn the white fishes to pale yellow! Also turn water yellow! But fishes are healthy and grow really fast ! My kois grow to 20 inches in 6 months!

1102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is not a bad product, it is not the best product, but it is pretty good compared to most of them out on the market.  You still wind up having to scoop and clean off the rake, but it's better than the traditional kitty litter box.  We have learned to use small plastic grocery bags as liners.  I recommend this product.
8322	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Big bag 
2512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a chewer in the family so I knew this wouldn't last long. Fortunately, our dog was content for a while just playing catch with it and experimenting with what would set the sound sensor off. Eventually, she nabbed it and went into a chewing session and went straight for the battery compartment. However, we did know this isn't a chew toy. The battery lasted the four weeks until he was destroyed. We all had fun going around the house listening to Mr. Bill and his "oh no" cries. If they made a durable version of this I'd buy in a second.
- it can only handle a very small amount of litter otherwise it gets overloaded
5423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	sure, i like to strengthen my arm like a pro pitcher but this just makes things so much easier(and cleaner)!! this contraption throws the ball so much farther than I can! Which means my doggie can run much farther too! Which means she gets tired faster! and goes to sleep sooner!! this is the best thing ever created!!!! and when she sees me pick it up(i mean i could just be moving it out of the way) she goes insane!! it also doubles as a water bowl. one day we were outside playing fetch and it was pretty hot. I had my camelbak on but i didn't bring her water bottle. I put the water from my camelbak into the hollow in the launcher and she just drank the water out of that. pretty nifty, eh?

Since then, we've tried various flavor permutations of the adult recipes: lamb, turkey, chicken, liver, seafood, venison, duck, and salmon. Even one kitten recipe that fell into the basket by mistake (Chicken & Oceanfish Formula). All of them have been consumed with enthusiasm. We stand amazed; it's a new paradigm - for the moment.
2266	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Received this super cute little lamb 5 min ago.  Have to my mini weiner dig and she had the squeaker and stuffing ripped out in less than 5 min.  Not cool
I've seen some other similar toys (not sure if they're also this brand) that have a shorter more flimsy looking arm, this one is great because the length allows for great leverage and it's a very solid piece of plastic.
While the tracking said this would take up to a week (understandable since this is a heavy, bulky bag of litter!) it arrived in about 2 days, surprising me.
Dr. Dodds new book Canine Nutrigenomics: The New Science of Feeding Your Dog for Optimum Health, offers great info on this topic, especially about the benefits of a low glycemic food.
so smooth the litter around in the tray now and then, to keep it even.
2872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Aussie Shepard rips everything apart within minutes. This little guy has stayed together better than anything else we've given him!
8741	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two Boston Terriers that destroy any toy that we get them within 15 minutes..and we have purchased many...now this product is a miracle because it is very hard and you would think they would not like it but they fight over it so much we purchased another one.  Our Bostons are very hardy chewers and this toy holds up against their teeth attack .  A perfect chew toy for anyone that wants their dogs to be happy and content with a chew toy that will last.
Use a grocery bag in the litter receptacle and reuse receptacle over & over.
5285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fetch could not be easier.
6505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Smells good  it is easy to clean box and good price
9284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Large 80lb Pit will chew threw all toys including every other Kong in days, we have had this Kong for a couple months and he has not ripped it apart yet!!
9198	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my dogs like them
850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Reading reviews, I'm sure this functions fine.  I purchased after reading on other sites, that this would be a good replacement for the Fluval Spec V pump, but it doesn't fit in the pump's slot, soooo....I wound up replacing with a Fluval Spec pump, and just holding onto this as an emergency backup.

6146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats enjoy the Panic Mouse, but they get pretty rough with it, so it's nice to have replacement wands.  I recommend this product.
6917	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Romeo loves it and I love knowing he is getting proper nutrition. I have noticed the ones from Petsmart are a little creamier than the ones purchased here. Not sure why.
In the picture below you can see the toy and the piece of tooth I was able to recover. He swallowed the other pieces of the teeth.

My vet recommended this product.
5433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Most comfortable Chuckit we have owned, easy on the hands, balls launch easily and travel far enough to give big dogs a workout
3143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Gunnar is about 10 years old.  He is a huge lab and is beginning to feel the effects of age.  This product eases his way in the world.  Your prices were good and service as described.
3637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After trying cheaper bags, which sometimes were not much better than picking up poop with my bare hands, I bought these and am totally satisfied. They are large, strong, and easy to use. No leaks, no ripped seams, no overflow.
Yes, it does make noise. But, that just tells me the cat has been there. I only change the container when I empty the box. Works find to simply empty it and replace. I use baby oil in the bottom to help keep it from sticking.
5	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I was reLly disappointed the cd has a lot of sayings that are really stupid. I was looking for one that repeats the same saying like six times in a row. Not all the unnecessary saying.
9217	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chicken-a-licious
3103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Have used this several times. Only compliant is when running two dogs, you have to train them not to cross over. A little de-tangling required
1570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am a 42-year old woman and yes... I bought this for myself.  I cuddle him sometimes while I sleep.  If that's wrong, I don't wanna be right.  I have named him Ben and he is awesome.  He is VERY soft.  And I love that he's floppy -- the beanie things are all in his hands and feet and bottom.  So he sits just like this picture.  He is also very well made and has sturdy construction, for those of you thinking of purchasing him for a child.
528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Baby loves these! and so do I.  I ordered 2, one came straight, the other had one main branch with three offshoots. They attach easily and are so easy on his feet. They are strong and he loves jumping from one to another.  This was a wonderful buy, and I will be back as long as you sell these on Amazon!
5003	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product and can't imagine my life without Chuck it. We play fetch for 2 hours every night to get my lab to calm down. I wouldn't have shoulders of it wasn't for Chuck it. This thing can throw a ball the size of a football field of you throw it right. Making it a extremely efficient way to get rid of extra energy and give your dog the exercise they need. All without wearing you down after a long day.
1092	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Yes, in time the posts will break. This is usually because a naturally curious cat will jump on top of the tent, and the posts aren't designed to support this kind of weight. To fix this, build a replacement frame later using low cost PVC pipe and connectors that you can get at your local hardware store. After that, the tent will work great. As another reviewer mentioned, you don't have to check the litter really, just measure out a cup or so per week and sprinkle it in there. You also don't really have to unzip the tent or pull the litter box out. There's enough room to flip the lid on the littermaid and replace the container if the box is shoved all the way back (which it should be for the curtain flaps to help prevent litter kickback into the room). You will probably also want to vacuum underneath the litter box in the tent from time to time with a vaccum attachment or hand vac (again, no need to remove the box or unzip it really). The tent is also made of a plastic/vinyl material that stands up to the washing machine on gentle cycle if you ever need to rinse it out for some reason. If the posts were stronger, this would've been a perfect partner to the littermaid.
4743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ball goes much further with less effort, no more slimy hands from constantly chucking slobbery balls.
926	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I've used several versions of this same model motor for a fountain, but the cats drink out of it. After a while, the motor would get clogged up. This version has clear directions that tell you how to take it apart to clean it out.
5416	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have arthritis so I thought this might help me throw the ball for our ball crazy lab.  Don't recommend this one period.  its too long if you actually need a thrower and length made it awkward to handle and reload.  If you have to use a thrower recommend shorter one.  This says classic but it is longer than the ones I have seen at 3 pet stores.
9254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves Friskies cat food.
2496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought this toy after reading some hilarious reviews and finding out that Mr Bill shouts "Oh nooooooo" when squeezed. My dog loves it. However, the stitching on Mr Bill's back came off after my dog's first play with him and this normally doesn't happen with her other plush toys. Not too big of an issue as we can sew it back up.
7245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Jager (pit bull) loves this.
6906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All my cats like this food and it's affordable good food.
7590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a good price for a good product. The venison seems to agree particularly well with my dog. I mix some into his dry food. Wellness is a respected brand, but I have seen prices vary quite a bit for the cans. One of my local pet food stores charges quite a bit more. The other charges about the same but does not, for some reason, carry the venison. It's also available in lamb, fish, chicken, etc. I will buy it again.
869	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wow, I'm glad this stuff worked out. I tried the other Nutro salmon stuff on my friend's dog and he went into full-on Gandhi mode not even eating for days on end. When I put this stuff down, however, the little fluff ball ate it up like there was no tomorrow. Maybe it was the all protein, no grain aspect. Maybe it was the smaller kibble size, which is more appropriate for the smaller dog. Or maybe it was that it doesn't taste like old fish. I don't know and I'm back in the dog's good graces with this stuff.
struggled getting up on all fours.  I gave this to him with good results.  When it was time to order more, I decided on the Advanced Strength for even better results. Thank You!  He is so much better and even friskier!
4620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This works perfectly for helping me play with the dogs because I absolutely hate picking up drooly balls!!!  Just be careful you don't fling it too far or else the ball can get away from you - I've lost a couple balls over the fence already!
I'd give this two thumbs up!
4692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy. Saves my arm
I got this chunk of cardboard home and my cat wanted nothing to do with it until I added the catnip that comes with it. Then he was interested in licking it and rubbing his body on it. I made the mistake of putting this setup on my rug so as his body weight tip the box it fell in the rug along with the catnip that now the cat is destroying my rug to get to.
3610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are the Rolls Royce of dog poop bags.  Ideal length and the durability is the best on the market.  I have two large dogs and these bags are perfect for cleaning up their mess.  These bags may appear a bit on the pricey side but are well worth it because they do not skimp on the quality.  You will not have to fear that these bags may break and leave your hands messy.
- Cannot use with wet food
Watching him makes me laugh and laugh - it is wonderful fun!
9001	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat cat is super picky!!! Hills science is all she eats, she vomits on anything else.
5654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use and saves the ol' back, not to mention shoulder.  My dog loves the throwing and getting the ball, working on the return to me part.  So, for good exercise for your dog that's not labor intensive for you, the Chuckit! Jr. Ball Launcher is the ticket.
9714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fine
4) Find a quality supplement like "NuPro" powder, and give pup the recommended dosage for up to 6 month at a time. I mix it in with his kibble with a bit of water like a gravy, OR mix divided doses in with coconut oil in ice cube trays and refrigerate. This keeps pups mouth WHITE :)
If you have a dog that is going to chew on it, I'd recommend on of Chuckit!'s more durable rubber balls. They're equally as entertaining (if not more so) than these and last much longer.
3840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-ProHeat-2X-Select-Pet-Upright-Deep-Cleaner-94003/dp/B0019680BK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL ProHeat 2X Select Pet Upright Deep Cleaner, 94003</a>&nbsp;which I use to clean-up after my indoor puppy who has had a number of pad training accidents. I like to use this to pre-treat and or clean-up accidents before steam cleaningn my carpets. It has a nice clean scent and it does seem to neutralize urine scent on cat and puppy urine.

8666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good value,easy to clean, kitties love it!
4726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little corgi cross dog had a similar one of these in Australia....just not as good quality as this one and longer. when we moved to Greenville early this year we knew we needed one as she loves to play ball....and I for one can't stand picking up a disgusting wet slobbering ball....so it was a must we get a ball launcher. One of my criteria was longevity....I wanted something that was going to last and this one so far has fit the bill nicely. It is small, compact enough to take on day trips and will fit into a large backpack nicely. It is large enough to pick up the wet balls from the ground without breaking your back. Another feature I was looking for was to be able to use any ball with this launcher....and I am happy to report that you can. My dog doesn't like tennis balls and chews through any light hallow ball. It was important that it fit our solid heavy semi-cricket ball....and it does nicely. This same ball was purchased nearly a year ago...that is how long it has lasted...This launcher is fantastic, very long wearing and solid..both my husband and I rave about it all the time and plan to buy another one before we head back to Australia next year....we are raving fans....can't recommend it enough...just love it...use it at least twice a day.

162	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this because my favorite architectural style is "storybook" and I was looking for something along that vein.  This fits the bill perfectly and looks very cute on my deck.
4316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves to play catch... and i can't throw, so this has changed my life!  I just love these.  I keep an extra because i have accidentally broken a couple in the last 9 years... but they do last a long, long, long time!
Happy feeding!
9893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is still not quite big enough for my maine coon Moe =(
8901	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very adequate litter pan. I have a large long-hair and it suits her. I use pellet type litter that disintegrates to saw dust as it is used and when I empty the pan it releases easily and completely and the pan does not retain any offensive odor.
5301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ok

6468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When depleted wildlife comes in for my care this is my choice to get them over rough spots.  It has saved many babies that were in jeopardy due to dietary reactions.
If you have a cat that is terrorized by a dominant cat and you use two litter boxes -- you may want to leave the scaredy cat his "safe zone" box in place. When I first got the Littermaid, the cats used 5 boxes in different locations around the house. At first I left 3 of them in place. They got less and less use, so I decommissioned one after another -- probably over 6-8 months. Now we just have the Littermaid. I have used the same LM900 Mega since March of 2004.
6237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a good product.  It's a shame my cat doesn't like it.
2109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Who doesn't love Mr. Bill? He's really cute and of course he says "oh no!"
2663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great looking tuff toy
3500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As much as you can love a dog poop bag, I LOVE these. They are way way better than other poop bags, way less disgusting. They don't break. That is a big deal! There is nothing worse than being a good citizen, scooping the poop, and then having the bag break before you get home!
2 cups of YN in the pan.
4665	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So much fun and the short handle helps with better control.
5189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Don't like the grips.  Like it when it didn't have grips. That's my gripe about the grips.
8334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good ingredients. My cats like it. There's not many healthy foods they like.
Takes a small amount of practice to properly use.
3403	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Although my cat gets out sometimes, she never has fleas or ticks thanks to Advantage.  At one time I used another product that didn't work; Advantage does.  I'm so glad I have it to use.  I know my cat is too.  ;-)
7101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand. Healthy food for the kids and they love the wet and dry.
6962	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have been using this supplement for several years - for a dog who is thirteen now and has had arthritis since he was 9, and for a dog we adopted 2 years ago at 5 whose fractured front leg had never been treated properly and who also had some hip problems. We really think this product helps them have less pain and move more freely - so much so that we recommended it to a friend whose older dog was starting to have joint problems.  She is on a limited budget but she sees enough improvement in her boy that she has continued giving this supplement. Our vet says he has had similar reports from other patient's caregivers.  If you look around on Amazon, you can usually find a supplier with a decent price for the 650 gram container.
My dog is 120lbs of Shepherd/Mix, that sheds like it's his job, so I need something that will be able to handle his size and weight.  This cover is sturdy and well made.  I've no concerns about it bolding up for a long while.  The stitching along the straps that hold it up are reinforced.  The clasps that hold the cover up, are solid and once adjusted, do not slip.  The bottom that goes over the seat, has this lining that holds it in place and doesn't let the cover slide all over the seat.  It also has Velcro openings for the seat belts or a strap if you want to add one.

842	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works great for the money
9801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good product - good price
He is crazy about playing ball and the Chuck it! makes me happy to play. No more slobbery balls to throw.


2479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great sturdy dog toy. They still love it!
3079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I found this product to be extremely useful. I can walk and carry a cup of coffee without spilling it or wearing it. I like the short length because my dog will focus on me and my actions instead of attending to her own agenda.

4481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS product!  I was in a bad accident just over five years ago and it limited my physical abilities.  The ChuckIT launcher has given me the ability to play fetch with my dog again!  No need to bend down all the way to the ground anymore and it helps me launch it further than I could with my arm alone.  I recommend this for everyone - especially those with physical limitations.
4873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it.
5159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 30 lbs doodle LOVES this!  And I love it to because I can "chuck it" much further and it saves my arm.  We can both get our exercise. I'm buying one for all the granddogs. :)
6771	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it, that's all I need to know.
5668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item about six months ago for my golden retriever.  He loves it and so do I.  No more slime!  It's very easy to use.  You obviously need a place for your dog to run, so you won't be using this inside the house.  But it's perfect for the back yard or the dog park.
942	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs liked them, but I am looking for a chew that lasts longer. They were gone within 5-10 minutes
7140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	good
9538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Koi love it. Nice large bag, should last a while!
2542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was one of my boxer's first toys. I think she loved it, although she would get concerned for Mr. Bill when he screams "OH no!". She would protect him and hide him from my other dogs. It was pretty durable and the sound box lasted a long time.
- It's not thin and cheap but it's also not the most heavy-duty stuffed toy, so if your dog is a chewer you may have an issue... then again you should never let your dog continuously chew up any stuffed toy, ever ;)
296	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1G38629NQK08W" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91%2Bzb-Sh8-S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81qNivUCo6S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great quality, easy to put on, adjust & remove. Brightly colored. The "adopt me" text is easy to read.
3964	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for a small mouth dog or puppy!
18	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My female kitty could care less about these videos-but she cares less about almost everything. My little male however digs these. He doesn't go ape over them, but he really does watch them for a bit and it makes me feel better to throw them on when I have to go out to work and leave him.
Note: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. I already am a fan of using resistance bands for workouts and had to jump on the opportunity. I hope the review helped!
7439	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food mixed with her kibble and this is so much more economical to buy in bulk!  Very happy!
3939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my favorite balls for my dog. As a bonus at least at my dog park not many people use them so it's easy to see and find.
One problem, and this may be a shipping not a supplier problem, is the dented cans.  So far none have been more than slightly dented, however this alarms me.

7433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is an incredibly good cat food from a nutritional standpoint.  The "taste point"  is well approved from observing my cats devouring it which is followed by them cleaning themselves into zen afterward.  My husband said it's like candy to them.  They meow and get giddy at the site of the can. It's as if on the days I whip this stuff out you can almost decipher the meows in human language as, "Whoa! Holly Mollie Mama's breaking out the good stuff today."
2060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our boston terrier loves Lambchop, it's her favorite toy! Squeaks in the hands, feet, and tummy.
4482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for smaller yards.

1002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We took our cat on his first flight. He wasn't too thrilled, even with his calming kitty treats. However, this carrier was perfect. It fit a little tight under the middle seat on a Southwest flight, had to squish the top and sides a little. However, this wasn't too bad because the rest of the time my cat had a little extra room to stretch. The outside pocket was very practical, and the foldable flaps meant we could make sure he had enough ventilation. The strap is comfortable to carry, we didn't try the shoulder strap because of his comfort. Finally, having the option of dropping him in or through the side flap was great, specially for putting him back inside after security check.

We aren't so naive as to believe that one or more of the unholy trio won't ultimately max out on MAX CAT. Why, it could happen as soon as this evening. But, in the meantime and until we're forced back to square one, gratitude is due Nutro and MAX CAT foods.
1520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this food and it is so good for him. DOesn't have that bad of a smell. I have been putting a little of a couple other dog foods im his bowl with this one and he always eats this one and leaves the other. He is a picky eater:}
5350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I started with the smaller chuckit and my dog fell in love with that toy!  We took it to the dog park and another dog ran up to us so excited b/c he loves playing fetch too and recognized the toy.  We have a very large yard and the small one let us throw it about 3/4 of the way.  I wanted to run my lab puppy even more so I bought this one and it is probably because I started with the smaller one, but I feel like it is awkward to use the bigger one and I can still only throw it 3/4 of the way down our yard.  It flies a lot higher and gives my dog more time to run down to where it will land before it bounces, but I prefer the small version of this toy.  But, it works as intended and my dog doesn't care which one I use, she loves the game.
7362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been feeding my dogs wellness venison and sweet potato for a while now. It's often hard to find at my local pet food store... When I would find it, I would usually stock up. When I found out I could buy it on Amazon, I was thrilled! Always having it available; having it shipped to my front door... What could be better? When I first started having the shipped, numerous cans in a shipment would be damaged -- severely! That is not the case anymore. I am pleased to say that my last six shipments (at least -- could be more) have arrived in excellent condition.
3390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this on my cat for several years and have never had a flea problem.  Definitely recommend Advantage!
3937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these balls are perfect for playing fetch with the dogs. not only do they last awhile but they also add to the fun they bounce very well so if my dog hits it it'll bounce some where else which just adds to the fun for him!!! I highly recommend these my 65 lb lab dog loves these!!
Had it as a back up toy and did not use it right away. When finally used it failed right off, but was out or warranty.
4008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more tired arm and shoulder... just a tired dog!
9728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	With subscribe and save; end up saving lot of money. Feed 11 ferals and like to give them more than dry. When buying by the case, Amazon delivers a much higher quality canned cat food than the cheap stuff at the big box pet stores.
4930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Sore shoulders after a game of fetch?  This is the answer.
3824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used it on a number of rooms . the carpet looks new it is 15 yrs old raising kids and animals

Another dog is a 9 yr old, 65# shep mix who had TPLO's done on both knees. One last year and one this year. She is not on any other medications or anti inflammatories and the Connectin is working great for her. She plays without restrictions or difficulty.
6331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	UPDATED POST
2927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Yorkie loves the teddy bear he plays with it all the time.  He really loves the squeaker that he can make sound with.  However, the teddy bear is extra small as described.
4908	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for our little yard!
I received this product for a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
307	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Fell apart quickly.  Halter fits loosely so it rotates on my small pup.  Training connection ring in front trips my dog because she is so short.  Good idea.  Bad execution.  Better than using her collar because she chokes less when she pulls on the leash.  The mesh part ripped away from the edging.
7096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats like Nutromax chicken dry food...
734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent my cat loves these treats
8656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If buying this size you know your fish already like the product.  Advice: buy the product in the TUB version first and then use this less expensive bagged version to refill.
559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great love it
I saw some reviews commenting on a quality change--I did not know about these to compare, but I do find the current rendition to be of enough durability to have no worries about shredding or falling apart (something that did happen when not careful with my Japanese version of these).
3412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Advantage is a great product when it comes to keeping fleas off my cat. My cat has a flea allergy that causes her to lose her fur due to flea bites. I've also used Frontline (on my cats and three dogs) but it seems to lose its flea and tick-fighting edge after about two weeks. Advantage works - and works fast.
2884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog dropped a Pigs Ear and took off with the bear speaking all the way. She has gone through many of these bears.  Doesn't like yellow duck or cute beaver only the bear.

7636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Only food my picky Siamese can eat that doesn't make him sick. Great for sensitive stomachs.
727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	perfect fit.
3150	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It doesn't appear to be working too well.  I am trying different items to find what works best and this showed the least results out of the 3  we have tried so far.
4899	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Ball is garbage. The ball That comes with the thrower is similar to a large tennis ball but less durable. Would recommend getting the rubber ball which seems to hold up well to dog abuse. Also, the three in ball is quite a bit heavier and harder to throw than he smaller ball ( and I am quite fit).
2082	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love Lambchop! I used to love the show as a kid so I had to get this for my new puppy. It was a bit bigger that I expected and it is stuffed pretty tight so it wasn't really floppy like I thought it would be. It is still really cute and it has a bunch of squeakers, which my puppy loves. Though he does seem to get tired of it pretty quick. It might just be to big for him right now. He likes floppy toys he can shake around. I did already have to hand wash this because puppy got some of his mess on it. After a thorough hand washing in the sink all the squeakers still work. The "fur" doesn't really look as nice though. For the price I think its a really nice toy that our puppy will grow into.
729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This and all items listed below were good.
9201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My poodles prefer this food over other.
432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have  used these protective collars on our two dogs with great success for the past four years. They will continue to be our preferred protection system.
8728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat just loves Friskies - especially the Pate pack! (And she is really picky)
6628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent food!
2877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this...I'm into the sewing up stage now!  Tried to dispose of it & my dog gets it & puts it under the table so I guess I'll keep sewing.
2289	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Wished there was a MINUS star option. After reading the reviews, purchased this for my dog who loves toys and has many from the Dollar type stores, still intact. This one however was totally demolished during the time I took a short ladies room break. This has NEVER happened with any other toy.  I don't think a life span of less than three minutes for a toy should be allowed to be sold
2749	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dont waste your money. Its horribly made. Very cheap. The material is cheap. I wouldnt give it to my doggie i was so afraid it would fall apart. And the squeaker is in the back under a velcro strip. Im afraid it would come out while playing and she would choke. Just real pile of crud.
6724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the reviews...  and they are spot on.  My 8yo pug was limping (she likes to jump off high places.  Pug body + dainty legs X age = frequent minor injuries!).  Just as promised, within 14 days, she was right as rain.  I will continue to use as a preventative measure.  Feeding my other 2 younger pugs the maintenance dose, while the older is on the dose for dogs w/ issues. That larger dose lasts up to 90 days, then moves to maintenance dose.  With 3 pugs once daily, this is 2/3rds gone after 5 weeks... that is my experience anyways.  Does smell like "henna" as one reviewer stated, which is not a bad thing.  My pugs did not even notice this in their wet food. Highly recommend.  At a minimum, it won't hurt.  But if you are looking for "just the right" product for joint issues, I'll go out on a limb and say:  Stop searching, click "add to cart" and be done with it!
4344	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works well with the chuck it glow in the dark balls, no complaints !

5871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our neighbor's 3 dogs love these, and wait for them eagerly every morning!
1645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We took our cat on his first flight. He wasn't too thrilled, even with his calming kitty treats. However, this carrier was perfect. It fit a little tight under the middle seat on a Southwest flight, had to squish the top and sides a little. However, this wasn't too bad because the rest of the time my cat had a little extra room to stretch. The outside pocket was very practical, and the foldable flaps meant we could make sure he had enough ventilation. The strap is comfortable to carry, we didn't try the shoulder strap because of his comfort. Finally, having the option of dropping him in or through the side flap was great, specially for putting him back inside after security check.
5864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
4763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my 1 year old labs favorite he know when he sees this launcher it's time to run & play. We have spent hours playing ball with this thing. As we all know a tired dog is a happy dog :-) ( and a very happy mama ;-)
Incase you or someone you know want to try to litter train their puppy, this is what we did:
6935	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs likes it. My only complaint is that I wish it had an easy open tab.
9779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Shyloh, seemed to like this food. Such a controversy with selections. It is vet recommended. I feel science diet is overated. I feel there are much better foods for the price.
5874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves them
1716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is the best - for my cat. He is a very lively 7 month old kitten and out of all the plush toys I have gotten, this one is his favorite. The size is great for him to drag around by the neck like he is a lion with a fresh kill. He will groom it all lovingly, then roll around biting and kicking it with his back legs. He really seems to like the texture of the fur. He has managed to get one ear off, but it is standing up well otherwise. If he starts biting us with rough play, we just redirect him to this toy, and it is training him not to chew on us.


4138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love it but I have to admit my arm was very sore after using this toy.

3693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a few mutt mitt bags, but this is the best by far. Generously sized bags means larger poop can be securely contained!
9449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great
5759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	No more forgetting to bring items to the shower. This is very cool, I just pack it with all of my products and carry it with me into the bathroom. I have everything that I need to look good from head to toe. I wish it was a little larger. I received this product at a discount price for my honest review.
1223	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I'm giving this 1 star only because there is no option for fewer. Maybe this litter box works for cats who always go in the center of the box, but for those that go more towards the side, this is a real waste of money and I have spent more time cleaning it than I would have to spend on a regular litter box. Also, if your cat has large pees, the chances are that the waste receptacle won't close as the clump will get stuck and the lid won't come down - not pleasant for us or the cats. The rake and the sides are extremely difficult to clean properly. Besides which - this is so noisy that, if you have the litter box anywhere near a sleeping area, you'll want to switch it off at night.
1288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The litter box arrived very quickly and was exactly what I was looking for.  This particular model from Litter Maid works very well and I highly endorse it.
1679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my pup, but it was to nice so I took it to work.  My coworker and I use it for a dam it doll.
7179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats seem to like this food. I think it is more healthy than meow mix. Good.
From a dog psychology standpoint, I found that even after using it for a year, Toby still wanted to leap off the ramp when he got halfway down.  And his legs were not able to handle that, so I had to lead him down the ramp by holding his collar so he wouldn't try to jump off.  In the end, it was prostate cancer that did him in.  The Petstep is now stored in the garage and I'm sure we'll be using it again as soon as Lucy gets too old to jump in and out of the SUV on her own.  But she's only 6 so she has a few more good years I think.
5807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous gift for my son-in-law who teaches stage combat.  I am always looking for something related and these Corn Skewers are perfect.  They look sturdy and fit nicely in the hand.
211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High quality product. Love it.
1235	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I left a review regarding Petmate Purrforma jumbo, it was a smelly,horrible mess. Well, I got lucky. My PetSmart told me to bring the Purrforma back and they would credit all toward a new Littermaid and supplys for it. There was even enough credit left for 2 30# bags of the Nutro dog food I use. The Puurforma is so overpriced as well as poorly designed. I had the receipt for the Puurforma from the month before. I now have my 3rd multicat Littermaid and am very happy again. While not perfect, as litter cleaning will never be perfect, these do work well for me. I have one in the laundry room, one downstairs and the other at my farm. I have yet to find a cat that will not use this box. My cats at home are all over 10 years old. At the farm they are 2 years and younger. Hope this helps.
5494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	like not having to touch the slobbering balls.  you have to practice throwing b/c when you throw it, the balls will go far.  best for big yards.
3264	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked great, sadly they are not available now and Little City Pets supply of the same stuff does not hold up for my pets as after two months on treatment my pets were covered in fleas.
My cats go outside via the doggy-door. So they constantly get a chance to get re-infested. I am very pleased with Advantage.  my one cat who has reactions to flea treatment only coughed for about 60 seconds at most, then was fine. Other brands she would drool and throw up!  not with Advantage!  She seems very happy to be rid of the fleas too!
9481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very easy switch from the Hills Science Diet Kitten to this adult package. My cat loves it. No issues at all. Will purchase again

9827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Holding up well to my year old catahoulas. They seem to enjoy it.
The littermaid boxes won't solve all your cat box issues but it will scoop more frequently, minimize smell, save time, extend the life of the litter and keep things a lot cleaner and easier in general.
4) NO beef rawhides and NO other chews laden with chemicals. We buy naturally dried lamb ears (here on amazon actually as we can't find it in pet stores- even the big chains). It keeps puppy busy for a while and is good for his teeth so we don't deny him of chews/hide completely. ONLY lamb ears for chewing.
1085	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaids since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.
1004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Siberian Husky is a VERY picky eater, but enjoys the Milk Bone Healthy Favorites Chewy Treats whether Beef or Chicken. I wish there were more in each package!!
The cats are only fascinated by the workings of the litterbox and had no problem adjusting. The oldest was 6, the youngest 5 months.
1752	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So happy I bought Mr Bill hes so cute and nicely made ,he says Oh Noooooo !!! I loved Mr Bill back n the day ,I know its for my Doggie but I don't think I want to give him up lol but I will and I'll have fun playing with him 
6102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE:  6/20/16:  We have now owned this PetStep Folding Pet Ramp for about 3 full years, and just wanted to let everyone know who may be considering purchasing this ramp, after 2 to 3 New England winters outside in various amounts of snow, freezing rain, sleet, you name it, I can confidently say this ramp shines!  Day in and day out, the weather doesn't affect this ramp.  Sure, the sun may have altered the khaki color a bit, but it is still as perfect as when we purchased it.  My beagle uses it every day to go up and down our deck steps to our back yard.  We also carry it with us for our motorhome.  She uses it on the steep motorhome steps, and it's easy to fold in half and store behind our sofa in the back of the van.  We were fortunate to purchase this used, and it looked brand new, so we really got a good deal on it.  I'd pay the price listed now if I had to, but I have a feeling (knock on wood) that this ramp will outlast us all!  END OF UPDATE.
3931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great dog-toy. Great Client Service!
The lack of a time setting:
8875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good for the pup!
My girls aren't hard on toys and can't make them speak by themselves unless they pounce on it landing just right,
9752	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only kibble that our very finicky dog has liked so far. And we have a (literally) world-class veterinarian who is also a fan of this particular kibble. Everybody is happy, including the dog.
3599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work fine and I like the way the box opens and they're easy to get to.  I had my husband make a wooden box for them to put on the wall by the backdoor and they're easy to get to and are good quality.

99	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog's love it my baby's are doing so great on this food also feed the dry they have not had any problem's with hot spot's since feeding this brand thank u so much for this wonderful food will never switch again
5231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This ball thrower is absolutely terrific. It will save my shoulder--and the ball flies twice as far as I can throw one.
I used this on a variety of "pet problems" ranging from fresh pet urine to vomit. It got the odor out instantly and the carpets ended up stain free. I used a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-Lift-Off-Deep-Cleaner-94Y2/dp/B005FM2B5K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL Lift-Off Deep Cleaner, 94Y2</a>&nbsp;as a portable spot cleaner, and was able to let the pre-treat do most of the work by merely giving a slight spray with the machine and a light brushing as it vacuumed up the spot. There's no question that the two worked well in combination, and with the rotating brushes of the full machine you could expect it to do an outstanding job.
9943	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good healthy food, and one my cat will actually eat

4074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these balls for my large dogs, they are about the size of a standard tennis ball and work perfectly with the chuck it ball thrower. They are relatively durable, not to say that they don't get destroyed after a good amount of fetch, but last much longer than then many other ones I have tried. Amazon price cant be beat!
8293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Aside from its non allergic properties, I know 3 dogs who love the biscuits.
I would love to see an addition leash available to add to the waste belt so I can attach both my puppies to the same belt.
I cannot recommend them enough. Our Vinnie is a small dog but he chews and abuses these toys all day and like I said, he's had the Kong Moose for well over 8 months and hasn't torn through it yet. Perhaps for a bigger dog that might be a problem, but these Kong toys are so sturdy they're the only ones I really feel comfortable leaving him with in his crate at night.
1136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I HAD THE SMALLER VERSION WHICH WAS GOOD BUT MY CAT GOT BIGGER AND WOULD NOT FIT ANYMORE. SO I HAD TO GET A BIGGER ONE. THIS IS GREAT NO MORE SCRAPING THE TINES OR SIDES. VERY QUIET. THE RAMP DOES MAKE IT HARD TO EMPTY THE WASTE CONTAINER. I USE THE CONTAINER OVER AND OVER UNTIL IT GETS SOILED.
2534	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Blast from the past.  Great memories as my dog abuses Mr. Bill.  Oh noooooooo.  It really sounds like Mr. Bill.


2759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kong is my favorite brand of toy to buy for my puppy dog because they actually last!  Normally the toys that he loves fall apart within a few days.  It's amazing how long this one has lasted!  The fact that I can change the squeaker out once he kills the first one is awesome. these are the best plushie toys ever.  They are the perfect size and for my weenie dog, and he loves the texture.  He plays with it and snuggles it instead of trying to destroy it.  By playing tug of war, I have found that it is very durable, and does not rip easily, although after about a year one of the legs came off.  There was no fuzzy stuffing for him to pull out and leave all over the house, so that's a bonus for me, and the fir doesn't easily come off, so this toy is essentially mess-less. This is a great great find, and i'm sire your pet will love it.
* Must stare at it until you see the green light flash, to check to see if it's actually "on".
9151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All of our cats use this and even after having it for 5 months one of them still plays with it every day or so.  It is fun to watch him play with the ball.  And the cardboard scratcher is used every day by all of our cats.
With this launcher I can throw the Ultra ball about 40 yards or so.  It comes with a 2" tennis-type ball which doesn't go as far as the Ultra ball.  I really enjoyed the Mini Launcher but I wanted to be able to throw the ball even farther so I purchased the older style launcher which has a much longer handle. I use that one all of the time now.  Not only can I throw the ball farther and higher, it's also easier to pick up the ball when it is on the ground.  Still, if you don't need the extra distance this one work just fine.
6059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for a long while. I have a Maltese that can't jump up on my bed. So, I put this at the foot of my bed, and the dog loves it and uses it all the time. This is a heavy, sturdy, and durable product. You can wash it off and wipe it down, and I find it easy to carry into that back bedroom that stays locked when the housekeeper come to clean the house. It is heavy, but manageable. I've had it for almost 2 years and the springs, latches, hinges - everything is working as well as the day I received it. Would not give way with a much heavier than 15 pound dog.
7565	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The food used to scoop out like regular dog food now it's like mush.  But I will add that the dog still likes it.  It just seems like someone mixed water into it.  It's kind of gross to spoon it out.  And no, it's not in a warm area.  74 degrees all day in ac home.
9265	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got a bigger cat box because I have a big cat . It still doesn't help he still poops outside of his box anyways . But at least you could fit in the box . Good price and a fast ship.
4363	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Greatest thing ever!  My dog brings me the ball and drops it at my feet, I can then pick it up without having to touch it.  No more drool all over my hands.  WIN!

5907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog likes them, but not really sure if the glucosamine does much, or if there is even enough to make a difference.  My dog is not exactly old and limping around so I'm not sure you would see much of a difference.  He is getting a little older and I just want to get him a healthy snack.
6488	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cat didn't like this and showed his dissatisfaction by pooping right outside of the litter box.  I think it was because it was pellets. He apparently doesn't care about the environment and will only use Arm and Hammer unscented. Sigh.
374	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It may work for fleas, but not ticks.
4088	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loooves these! and so much cheaper than at Pertsmart
This thing is amazing. It saves my arm, and in doing so gets Grace a ton more exercise as they're running 100 yards to track down the ball.
1080	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Yes, I agree this is not the most durable tent in the world, but I don't understand the bad reviews.  My 10 lb. cat has sat on the top of it and it has held up fine.  This is a wonderful tent.  It keeps the litter inside of the tent and off my floors.  It causes the cat to go up and down the ramp instead of jumping off the side of the litter box throwing litter everywhere.  I change the liner and lift the front of the cat box up with one hand and vacuum up all the left over litter once a week.  It also is amazing for containing the odor.  According to the reviews there must be a lot of lazy people that don't like to bend over to look into the tent to see what's going on.  I think it's pretty easy to get on my knees and check it out once in a while to make sure everything is running smoothly and to add more litter.  Honestly, this cat box is made for one of the electric cat boxes, if you don't have one of those you're going to have odor regardless and yes it would be a pain to have to scoop a cat box every other day but it's not the tents fault.  This product was made for the electric cat box.  I think a person would have to be crazy to spend $30.00 on a cat tent and not spend the $90.00 on the electric cat box.  This is a tent.  It's not meant to have a cat sitting on top of it.  What do you think would happen if you threw a camping tent up in your front yard and you went and sit on the top of it.  Would you leave a bad review for the tent because the "tent" was flimsy and didn't hold up?  It's a tent people... What do you think you're buying? I've had mine for 2 years no zipper problems and still holding up fine.
807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend purchase the much more expensive Beach Body 21 Day Fix version of this portion control kit.  I will tell you how they are the same and how they are different.
8863	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I should have paid more attention to the material before purchasing. This product is a hard piece of plastic with sharp ends (the dinosaur tail). It scraped against my puppy's gums and would make him bleed all the time. Also, it was not very durable as the tail had warped within 5 minutes. Once I noticed this I threw it away before it caused more damage, or worse, fractures/broken teeth. Puppies need something a little bit softer to help massage their sore gums, not make them bleed. I've switched to kong products and toys using similar material, which works much better.
3520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these for years.  They are the best poop picker-upper that I have ever used.  Nice to buy in bulk.  May buy the bigger box next time though 200 should last me for a while.  Fast delivery and a fair price too.
6503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I give this to my dogs everyday. Hopefully it helps. The quality seems good.
3205	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't have any effect of my fear aggressive dog.

4842	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So much easier to play fetch with my lab with this! Instead of having touch the wet and dirty ball just snap it in and throw again. I can also get the ball to go farther with this vs just hand tossing it.
8530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I mix a 1/4 can with my dog's kibble from time to time and he just loves it. His sensitive stomach can't handle SD kibble, but is fine with the canned stuff.

5830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very large.  Not too great if you have a small dog.  A Great Dane or German shepherd would love them.  They work, though, for my neighbor's dog; he loves them!
6845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this floavor and the salmon one too. There is also an "indoor cat" variety, which I'll use next time I order.
I found this tick remover at the counter of a pet store- took it home to test it out- and voila! Works great. I've had no problems, and it works effortlessly every time for me. Just have to "scoop" the tick and the tool actually lifts the tick out (the whole tick! no head left behind). Once you get the right scoop technique it will never fail you.
5283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs go nuts when I bring this out.  Its awesome for chucking those balls far enough to tire your dog out before your arm.  And you don't have to pick up slobbery balls!
3094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	First Impression: Well my leash skills are so darn good Dad decided to just hook me to his belt and not worry about me. He purchased the "extra buddy" which does not come with their belt and saves about $7. It's really no different and will slide right onto any belt. Now when dad wants to go photographing he can have both hands free and I never get left home.
2841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lasts great for rough dogs who like to chew on their toys
5859	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are always in great shape and a great price! The pup loves them. Stores don't carry them anymore.
3881	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful and quality product
611	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Macaw loves this toy. It lasted longer than many, two weeks which is great for her.
7257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best chew toy for a pit bull! The one dinosaur lasted her over three years, and she loved it.
7302	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fairly priced and the cats like it.
7157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wellness is a great brand (no grain) and Bailey has been eating it for a few years now.  By the way Sweet Potato is really healthy for dogs......Thanks!
6759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My boxer likes it; I found cheaper brands he liked more.
8367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	good cat food for the price
3744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the only poop bags that separate your hand from what it is picking up. The double thickness on the business end makes an unpleasant task bearable. They are worth the extra cost.

The only improvement I would suggest is a bell hanging from the bottom. I attached a small copper cowbell to entice him to play.
1096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	In a household with three adult cats I was constantly cleaning the litter box.  With the Littermaid LM900 I need only empty or replace the waste container about twice a week.  The litter is kept clean and smoothed by the automatic raking action.  Odors are minimal since waste is stored in a closed container and the exposed litter is continually cleaned.  Make sure you only use premium, clumping litter.  That's the good news. Now for the not so good news.  The unit is noisy with a capital "N".  Don't plan on placing it near the living spaces in your home if you value your peace and quiet.  Waste frequently lodges between the teeth on the rake so I'm finding myself visually checking anytime I'm near the unit and using my scoop to clear the rake.  About every other day I need to use the scoop to scrape along the bottom of the pan to loosen anything sticking to the bottom so the rake can catch it on the next pass.  Lastly, the included ramp which is supposed to keep your cat from tracking litter is a joke.  It simply isn't big enough and my cats usually jump over it rather than walk down it.  To solve the problem, I continue to leave a small area rug in front of the unit.  That seems to catch about 75% of the tracked litter. the unit isn't cheap.  Taking into account the noise and the other problems, I would still buy the unit if I had to do it over again primarily for the conveninence.
8309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	for all my puppies....the best
Good luck!
1422	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My red heeler loves these treats! I bought them originally because they're free from corn, wheat and soy, no artificial colors and preservatives, and no by-product meal, and I'll buy them again. They smell like bacon, look like bacon strips, but the dog's not talking as to what they taste like. I also like that I can break up a strip into thirds then into smaller pieces instead of having her glomming down on one large strip and it's then gone.
5160	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves to play fetch and this makes it so easy to play with him for a longer time. Its easy to throw and uses the right size of balls for him. I purchased the 3 variety pack of Chuckit! balls as well and they work perfectly with this.
3489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best bags!! Its my 2nd time ordering them. Love the double layer preventing you from feeling the poop. I even bought the vinyl bag to put them in which clips to the dogs leashes.
Don't start thinking this will reduce how often you have to deal with a litter box.  You still have to empty the container daily, add/rearrange the litter daily and probably vacuum frequently.  It misses the really small clumps so you'll have to sift once in a while.  However, it only takes a minute to do these tasks and it really keeps down the smell.  In addition, your kitties are using a much cleaner litter box which is better for them!

The price is good for 24 cans, which the N BalanceI was getting went way up in price. The cats like it, the smell is fine. One cat is 2 the 20, neither are picky eaters. This has some grain in it, I do not mind.
My Koi love it!
7065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves this food!
4195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality.
6048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very durable, well-made, liked the heavy-duty rubber treads, very tactile steps so our Chocolate Labs  wouldn't slip, easy fold/unfold, useful integrated handle.  Everything about it was great and I would have kept it; however, it was just too heavy for me to transport daily from home-use to car-use.  Even my husband said to buy something else that's lighter weight so he purchased one, but that model had the "sand paper" tread.  We're still looking for a happy middle, a model that's light-weight but with the rubber treads. This model is a 5-star if I didn't have to transport it, kept it stationary at bedside, great for home-use.  It's also a 5-star for people who can handle the weight.
3699	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These have a large capacity, thicker where it counts and keeps your hands away from the dog's business product. Good product.
As for construction, it's well thought out. I had trouble deciding the size because it says Medium on the sizes to choose, but Regular in the description- from what I gathered those are the same. And it has a very wide range it can adjust to for waist sizes, so no need for multiple ones for different people. Even the leash part is adjustable, so for a smaller puppy you can leave it longer and as they get bigger you can make it shorter to adjust. Also, the loop can spin around the whole waist belt, which is handy to prevent being tangled. Everything buckles so you can quickly attach/detach everything.
Turkey & Giblets; Chicken & Liver; and Chicken & Oceanfish.  The Turkey & Giblets is currently hard to find -- and is sometimes priced much higher by vendors.

171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's better than most, but I feel that Shun's quality went down over the years. This knife doesn't feel as sturdy as my old Shun for some reason. I've had this knife for over a year now. It became my "beater". It holds an edge, but dulls out quicker than my other knives. It also takes a lot of work to get it razor sharp.
8169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy loves it. Small pieces and it seems to be digested easily. Plan to order more.

4303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throws the ball further while saving your arm.
8511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats liked it, good price, good product.
9260	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Most reliable kitty food.  I have multiple cats at home. When one of my cats became asthmatic,  and my vet advised me to give one kind of food only to see any improvement. In my cat's case, wellness chicken formula worked like a magic. It minimized her symptoms.
NUTRO MAX CAT Adult Dry Cat Food, Roasted  -  NUTRO MAX CAT Adult Dry Cat Food, Roasted
My dog likes it a great deal, and all of my friends do too.  I would definitely buy this again, and the Amazon price can't be beat!
4384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this toy.  Purchased one for my mom as well.  Great product,and saves the arm.

9740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Its cat food, my cat eats it
Make a great pillow for dogs who like to rest their head on their toys
they no longer have allergies, ear infections, and most importantly,
8004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Puppy prefers this over other brands
5208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have the larger version for outside and recently purchased this small launcher for inside.  I love it!  It's great not having to touch gross balls and it really does launch the ball a good distance.  It's great for days when it's too muddy outside to play fetch.  Sometimes I'll even open the door to my garage for a really far launch from the other side of the living room.
This would be a 5 star if it was just a bit more quiet overall.
8581	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the food my Vet recommends
6312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT - BOUGHT THIS WITH A COUPON (THANK YOU AMAZON) I DO NOT HAVE A DOG. HOWEVER, I WILL BE DONATING THIS TO MY LOCAL SHELTER. I BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE OF THE HIGH QUALITY INGREDIENTS THAT GO INTO THEIR PRODUCTS & ALSO BECAUSE THE MORE I SAVE - THE MORE I CAN DONATE. THANK YOU AMAZON & PURINA PRO PLAN :) YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE THE DOGGIES VERY HAPPY.
9871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My old man cat that doesn't have a lot of teeth needs the soft food every day.  I picked this up with the subscribe and save and he gobbles it right up.  I like that I'm not going to the store all the time picking up more.
8352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Lower price than local pet stores and much lower than veterinarian office. Expires in 2018
6546	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fish favorite
9626	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this product.
6600	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a decent price.  Our dogs deserve nothing but the best!
5055	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hours of fun and takes regular size tennis balls  This comes in very handy at the dog park where there are strange balls that you don't want to pick up your hand
6737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat didn't bat an eye, but my friends cat (who I donated this to) LOVES it. She plays with it all of the time, and it's holding together fairly well. You're getting a toy AND a scratcher for a small price. It's a great deal.
8453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats are slowly warming up to it. Nice, but they may be too old to get real excited about it.

1866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Still alive, though no longer talking, after several months of rough play.
Nearly every ingredient after the initial chicken is rice and corn and I just can't suggest it unless your dog is having bizarre health issues, and then, I'd suggest real rice (cheap) boiled in chicken broth with water before this junk.
6873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Was cheaper than store and cats like it; alternate with gravy kind

7762	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog loved this thing but after some consistent use I noticed blood on the toy.  I read other reviews complaining about dental issues and decided to throw it away.
6836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as expected, packaging ok, would repeat order
Lamby is her baby, and we all know what we will do to protect our children   And thank goodness for good Daddy's who will help save Lamby at all costs.
- A variety of other balls to buy for different personalities (swimmers, squeakers, etc)
9936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves this. Such a great price and she's getting hours and hours of fun out of it. Well worth it.
8768	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love these
3159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great for my older dog.
2992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My miniature pinscher Bella has this little bear and a little duck.  Both of them she's had since she was a baby, 9 months ago and both of them are still in great condition.  They last a long time!  She has torn up many toys in the past but these have held up with no problem at all!  They are definitely two of her favorite toys!  They are very small though, don't buy them if you have a larger dog at all, I think they are just best for toy breed dogs, Bella is 6 pounds.
8316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My furkids love it.
4494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My shoulder doesn't throw half as far as this does - LOVE IT and so does my dog.  Very little effort expelled to chuck a tennis ball across the yard - 150 ft-ish or so.  Heavier balls will easily go further with really just a flick of the wrist.
8968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We chose this because one of our cats has had a couple UTIs.  So far so good and it's been a couple years.  They also really like it and are in good health.
2348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love Mr. Bill, My lab loves him too.  Squeaker is gone, but, that was expected.  My Lab goes for all the squeakers.  He can't get enough of the toy until the squeaker is gone, then, it is put in his stock of dead toys until he feels like playing.  When he wants to play, he goes to his basket of dead toys and searches for the dead toy he wants to play with.  Mr. Bill is one that he brings out on a regular basis.  Mr. Bill is in good condition but his squeaker is a goner!!
1813	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My 10 month old puppy had a "Lambsy" since we got him and  he loved it to death. It survived thru teething and constant shaking. That was his favorite toy until it got lost. He actually mourned the toys loss. We Saw this and thought it would be of the same quality. So I ordered the large and the small version. I was wrong. NOT bad quality...HAS NO QUALITY! The large didn't even last  5 minutes. The small lasted 2 days. My dog doesn't tear them up . He licks, squeaks and shakes the toy. The large "blew up"with 4 shakes. The small lasted 2 days. TERRIBLE toy and a complete waste of money.
Side pockets are large enough to hold magazines, paperwork, etc.

9788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my labs favorite toys
709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had several bark collars in the past (dog barks at everything and Anything, which gets the other dog barking). In the past they are quick to break, don't work, or use batteries fast. I searched and searched Amazon for something different then what I've used in the past. SO glad she told me about this one! Although I was disappointed it came uncharged, I just plugged it into the charger and was good the next day.
This is a good thing. Also, the cats seemed to settle down from their scratching and biting at fleas within just a few minutes. Last night was the first night in weeks that the cats have all rested peacefully. There were no signs of flea-dirt left in their usual sleeping spaces last night. I am very pleased indeed.
4470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Shipping and packaging were great. My only issue is that we quickly broke the launcher - I think it hit the ground after a solid throw and the cup part broke off.
575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finally a toy that is as it appeared in the picture.  A nice product. I continue to shop for Bella products based on my satisfaction with this one.
4333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Doggie is a very happy puppy!
2544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Too cute! Takes me back.... I HAD to purchase it as soon as I saw it. I bought it for my dog b/c I knew she'd rip it to shreds and Mr. Bill would cry out at the same time. What a riot!!! My dog is a lab and would gently carry Mr. Bill around in her jowls. When she'd bite down, Mr. Bill cried out - cracks me up. She played tug-o-war with it with my sister's dog, too. Within a short period of time, Mr. Bill was sadly torn to shreds, but it was fun while he lasted!
6572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have two active kitties, both love to run top speed around the apartment (daily), chase mylar balls, hunt bugs and jump after things. .. and of course, like catnip.  My boy cat, Boo, is a bit pickier about what he plays with and looses interest after 10 or 20 minutes. My Poxie girl will play with anything and will play as long as you let her.
637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I put it on the floor and the cats went right for it!  I guess love says it all!
5061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Quick shipping. Great product, and much cheaper than at a big chain pet store. My pup loves it, and I don't have to touch disgusting, drool soaked covered in dirt tennis balls.
3684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect bag for big dog
7685	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The price is right on the money. I send this to my local shelter as a donation and they seem to love it there.
2234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality toy. My boys and I love it. My aggressive chewer has not been able to take out the stuffing yet like he does with all of his other toys. I will definitely be buying another when needed.
3857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The dog likes these.
4438	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great size for my 7.5lb Chihuahua/Schnauzer mix, she loves it!
6407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more stinking Guinea pig cage..love love this product. I am happy tat I found a better solution. I have two litter boxes for each of my piggies and I keep hay grass in the corner of the litter box filled with yesterday's news litter and for 3days it remains fresh and I remove it and fill it back. Its safe and also doesn't contain any chemical substance which will make my piggies skin dry. Nothing wrong in trying once Bcoz if it works then u won't have stinky cage around u anymore.

6025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These actually seem to work on breath!!
3585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only bag I'll use for my 14lb dog.  It's doubled so no chance of breaking.  Can even be opened and used again a block later if needed.

858	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a terrific dog food.  My Shih Tzu loves it!  I like the fact that it is grain free and has plenty of protein.  She must go for the Lamb flavor because this food is gone as soon as it hits the bowl.  Nutro is a good company.  I have used some of their other products.  I think you can trust their products to be high quality.  My little dog is very picky, so if she hates it, I end up throwing it out.  She loves this brand.  If you spoil your dog, this is a good brand for you.  Our dog is like family, so I am extremely particular about what I feed her.  I would highly recommend this dog food.
7002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this. So much less expensive than the store.
922	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat is not all that excited about this, but she eats it sometimes, and it seems to be good for her.
8301	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Ridiculously hard. Dog won't touch it. Plus, its heavy for a puppy. A Doberman puppy.
3409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like Advantage as it doesn't bother my cats when I put it on, and it is very effective.  I used Frontline before and they acted like I was putting acid on them.  This is gentle and it works!!!
1683	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these
997	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchasing meat in bulk and cutting it down requires a very sharp knife.  This Kershaw cimeter knife does is perfectly. Slices through with ease. Nice safe blade cover as well.
3876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pittie loves these!!
2933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a puppy  for Christmas and he loved carrying around the bear from room to room. It became a favorite.
3527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great. Best quality poop bags I've ever used.
9234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We purchased 2 of these for our new mini awesome Australian Shepherd, cause she loves to chew even now @ 8 months old!!!! She took it out of my hand immediately,and we didn't see her for about an hour!!!! She still goes to it @ least once a day. And she has a long way to go before devouring the first one.
6208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My gerbils love it, and I like that it doesn't have those green pellets that every gerbil I have ever had has hated.  I found myself throwing away a lot of gerbil food because they didn't eat the pellets, but this food is wonderful! They love the pumpkin seeds and you can pick them out of the bag and save them to give them just as treats if you like.  This 2 pound bag should last my 3 young gerbils about 2 months (I had a 1.75 pound bag of other gerbil food that lasted half that time because I had to throw out so much!).  They say that if you just leave the food the gerbils don't like in their bowl that they will eventually be forced to eat it, but I don't like doing that to them; I don't want them to have to force down food they hate.  Now with this food I don't have to! They love every bit and it makes me feel like a good 'parent' to give them the best quality food made specifically for them that they enjoy.
7813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to these very small doggie bones at my Vet.  My 14 year old Springer who has never been much into doggie bones LOVES these things!!  They make great pocket stuffers to carry around for incentive and motivation.  My old guy has a hard time waking up to go outside and one wiff of one of these bones does miracles.  I have a younger Springer who also loves the bones but she doesn't need much motivation to do anything, ha, but they are also great training aids.  I also sent home a handful of these bones with a painter I had at my home for his 3 dogs and he said they loved them too....so I guess that's antidotal but that's 5 dogs that really love the things!  Oh, the bones are way more expensive when you find them at your Vet, about twice as much per pound, so this is a great buy.  Buy a nice food safe container from Home Depot and fill it up.  You won't run out of bones for a while and that's a good thing!
7544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Only toy my dog hasn't destroyed in minutes!

Chuckit! Medium Rebounce Ball 2.5-Inch, 2-Pack
5329	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these and ended up using it for the neighbor dogs more than my own because of the fact that he would not bring it back to me to throw again. Recently, at the age of 2 he has now realized the point of fetch and loves how far I can throw the ball with this. He plays until he can barely catch his breath, so I have stop and give him breaks, otherwise he would just keep going. Also keeps the slober off you and on the ball where it belongs.
Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Noys Plush Teddy Bear to all pet owners - it's well made, nearly indestructable and our dogs LOVE it!
770	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great!

2848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Golden Shepard Samson has loved this toy from day one, especially during his teething months.  The toy is still in excellent condition!  It came with spare squeaky but I haven't needed it.  Also have washed this a few times in laundry (I put in a small laundry bag so it would get stuck in the drum) and comes out looking almost brand new.  I will say Samson is not a "heavy" chewer/biter.
9803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied
2503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We buy this for our Golden Retriever.  He carries it around like it's he's baby.  When he get's tired of the talking he begins to tear it apart.  Mr. Bill just keeps on a talking.  We love this toy...
2) The belt material has rough edges that can snag on your running clothes, especially the sweat wicking type of material. It helps a little that the leash can move freely around the part attached to your waist.
8079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them, very happy
"The Cassia Gum and Xanthan Gum was added to replace the Carrageenan. We decided to remove the fruits and vegetables to make the products even tastier, more attractive for cats, since cats crave meat.  We left the high quality protein, the cranberries (since we believe in supporting urinary tract health in cats) and also the carrots, since they were a visual and textural chunk in the pate, and we did not want to alter the mouth feel of the product, since cats are very texture driven. We have also made some nutritional updates to these recipes for they were about 10 years old."

7696	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it, great quality.
Update:  my little bad-ass Schnauzer LOVES this thing.  Some people have said their dog ripped open the head for the stuffing.  My dog usually destroys things but she really likes to make this squeak.  I hear her in the middle of the night playing by herself, making it squeak.  This is the first toy she has not destroyed within the first week and she plays with it all the time. Kongs are my new best friend.
3241	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	dont waste your money....just make dog drowsy, I really don't like giving my dog these, but its better than a tranquilizer from the vet. I use 1/2 the recomended amount on my 40 lb dog
5187	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it; dog cant get enough of it

9547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these treats and they are healthy for them
4894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it.
9304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cat likes it and is supposed to be healthy for him
5629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easily fits in my pocket and is wonderful for getting my chubby dogs some exercise.  I'm very happy that I picked the smaller version.  I slip it into my pocket while we're walking down to the park and it is quite comfortable to carry along with me.
8534	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy didn't take to this in the beginning and after teething, he loves it.
The machine seems to work to not on the clumps of urine.  I have to now clean the clumps out DAILY rather than every few days.  The machine tries but is too weak to push,lift and dump.  INstead I walk into the room only to see the red blinking light which indicates a jam.
9404	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog on package/picture is a large dog.  My 40 pound puppy ate the feet in about 2 min.
7610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Food went to  a county shelter, I'm sure the cats loved it.
7545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have one cat who will only eat pate. He doesn't like the Salmon, however. Darn cats!!

6854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good food for my little one just as an additive to her dry food. Wish it was organic
Personally - I also like that it's made out of recycled paper. It makes me feel like I'm helping our environment by reusing  :)

6060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great ramp.  The ridges provide sure footing for my big girls (90&100 lbs) and they even included training directions for those who need guidance.  Our car is a new Suburban and the back is 44" high so I make sure I am close, we're the ramp to  slip but is so substantial and week designed that I don't that there is a chance of that. I have had telescoping and other folding ramps but this one is far superior. If you love your dog's and value their safety, this ramp is for you.
4506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love this and loved the price! We have a couple now and makes for a lot of fun for the whole family outside in the nice weather!
I wrote a letter to Wellness and am awaiting their reply.
7996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I signed up for re-order.  The food was fresh. And, it came when promised.  I like the service.
Overall my experience with the LitterMaid was a love/hate thing. It was my first exposure to automatic litter boxes so it was great that the cats always had a clean litter box to use. But I'd never buy another one because of the problem of the plastic rakes getting clogged with sticky cat leavings (yuck!). When I'd have to clean it, it was much more of a disgusting operation than a month of scooping cat litter with a regular scoop!
3135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog Selby just loves this toy - he sleeps with it, drops it at our feet for "fetch" and uses it to push a tennis ball around. It is very durable - we play tug with it and he hasn't managed to pull off the ear or the tail. We've washed it a couple of times and it still looks great. I would recommend any of the Dr. Noys plush toys.
5867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Greyhound loves these. We don't allow him too many treats but he's getting old and these make him feel a little better and pretty much make his day. He just turned 11 and I had to start getting him more serious joint supplements because he's getting really stiff and these aren't strong enough anymore on their own, but I'll probably keep buying them to have safe treats on hand that have good stuff for him in them.
5613	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A few months ago I adopted a 9 month old border collie/lab mix who has endless energy.  Fortunately she loves to play fetch so we can TRY to wear her out with this activity.  The problem was that within a few weeks of adopting her, my throwing arm ached like crazy.  I didn't know launchers even existed when I turned to the internet to solve my problem, but my husband is an engineer so I decided if I couldn't find something, I would ask him to design one.  Well, it didn't take long to find the Chuck-It and I ordered two of them - the long one and the mini.

1035	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this charger at a great price. It is for three cords and works really well. No need to spend a lot for a charger. Very pleased.
5718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cool shower hangers, love them! Hard to find shower hooks with decorations like this.
7431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	How many times have I walked into the garage and found the cat food bowl on the floor licked clean?
1255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I tried many different vitamins before finding one my dog would eat every time.  She's not one that will eat anything put in front of her.  But this one, she likes.
I also love this for hiking trips when my dog can't be off leash because I can adjust how much leash to give him and it's almost like he is off leash, but I still have 2 hands free to take photos. I haven't bought any of the accessory leashes, but I'm seriously considering the bungee leash for hikes as well.
7369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The cat likes it well enough and it has the right dietary advisory approval.
7454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We upgraded cat food to reduce litter smells, and it worked. We also got a bigger cat litter box and a new kind of litter, so our experiment wasn't exactly scientific. However we are sticking with this brand going forward. The cats loved it much, much more than Friskies.
5211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Throws the ball far and works great with the bouncy chuck in balls
5408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Durable and well made, this launcher is great! Comes with a tennis ball so you're all set to go. If I could make one change I would have bought a larger one. I didn't pay attention to the size and was surprised when it came that it was so small. I'd recommend this product to anyone!
9373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are chewers and they absolutely love these!!
-person can throw toy (without much drool) with the knotted end easily.
8837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this food to offer on days when I'm not serving their usual Wellness canned food, and I think my cats prefer this Max Cat Oceanfish.  As long as they're happy, momma's happy.
9285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for our senior kitty after our new kittens had been on the pro plan for kittens.
The one reviewer mentions the inside voice box - many of the dog toys I buy my dogs have a voice box - I just don't let them have those toys for long or without supervision.  When the toy gets ripped, I either sew it back up or take out the voice box.
3639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The perfect bag for picking up after my animal.  Very strong plastic and holds up well.
3377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have four cats at home.
26	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The poster who stated that Cesar's methods are archaic and use pain to correct the dogs obviously hasn't spent time watching the show.
7624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thought it would be a pack of four like what is pictured
5000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Honestly a must have for dog owners whose dog likes to play fetch. No more touching the gross slobbery balls anymore!
1252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Give me a break, I have three cats. This thing is a godsend. I can't believe people complaining about it breaking down in a few months or it being overloaded. Read the manual is all I can say. I have bought about four of these units. I started buying them when they first came out and they cost about $200 plus shipping. They have vastly improved the durability and features, and the cost has dropped dramatically. If you adhere to the rules of not over filling it with litter and checking the receptacle box daily you will find it works very well.
4389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	unless your dog fetches everytime, you will be doing a lot of walking, since this thing throws a ball about 100 yards
Now don't get me wrong...these are not a miracle drug.  They don't calm your dog to the same laid-back level as Jimmy Buffet, strumming his 6-string with a margarita by his side!  That said, these did have our big baby calmed down to a manageable level within about 15 miles or so.  Since that time, we use them whenever he's gearing up for an activity we know might be unsettling to him.  And each time they do calm him to a tolerable level.
4711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So glad we finally got this!  We have seen folks a the dog park with them and just never got around to ordering...I love this!  It sure saves the old arm with throwing the ball and it goes much farther===happy pup and happy shoulder!
My rescue kitty with no sense of smell loves them and it is soft for his mouth.
5366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love our 1 year old Labrador Retriever...however, contrary to popular belief, he wouldn't retrieve much. You see, my husband is an avid hunter and although we did not buy the dog only for hunting - we wanted a family dog that can go like we do - we had hoped that one way we could get him exercised would be through retrieving. We attempted to begin the awakening of genetics early (the day we brought him home). However, we have children, and although we warned them many times and watched the dog training videos together, as a family, on a loop for days - they thought playing chase and tag with him was a load of fun (which, lets be honest, it is)! Needless to say, he would chase the ball, BUT good luck getting him to bring it back! After the children realized what they had actually done - they vowed no more chase with balls...and we have attempted to begin the training over again. A couple of months ago I started working with him with a Kong ball - the red one. He would retrieve for a little bit - 5 or so throws and then start messing around. I read and watched more videos and worked/played more with him...but he would lose interest, and I had a SLIMEY hand - gross. So, when I saw the Chuck-it and it was on sale - I bought it. I thought at least my hand would not be so icky. It was L-o-V-e at first throw for this guy! He is absolutely obsessed! We bought the rubber balls as he is an avid chewer and would destroy a tennis ball in 2 seconds flat - and the rest is history. I don't think the only reason he is retrieving now is due only to the Chuck-It being so awesome, although it is pretty great. We really worked with him. But it came to our house at just the right time and now I have a clean hand and a VERY happy retriever, who also happens to be a Labrador :D
The treats resemble light croutons, and the box holds an ounce.  It's great for diabetic cats and other cats on restricted diets because it contains no fillers, but it's a great treat for any cat.

2689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For some reason my japanese chin loves teeny tiny toys. He loves this little buddy and it comes with a replacement squeaker.
3133	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-) In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.
9831	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs don't like to eat these.

2621	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not only does my dog love this toy, but so do I!!!
3063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I did leash running with my 2yo Aussie and it was miserable.  I could not use my arms properly and ended up switching hands often depending on where the dog was going.
I am impressed with all of the Wellness Dog Foods and Treats.
19	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy Booster Herbal Supplement for Dogs is my puppy best friend, my puppy even as for it every morning. better price than in petco here

4420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
2999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love this Buddy System.  We have a very energetic mini Aussie puppy but this helps us teach him to walk properly with us.
8241	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 6 month old kitten loves the beef and chicken formula. He eats all of it and licks the bowl clean! I mix this in with his kitten dry food and he eats it all. No issues. Great price per ounce too when we order the 12-12.5 oz cans.
9924	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a dog who can destroy anything except the Kong toys.  He gets the treats out of this kind more quickly than with the round ball.
Update:
4245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love the Chuckit!  Let's me throw a ball MUCH farther, for my fetch-crazy dogs, than I can throw by hand!  Also saves me from having to pick up slimy wet balls, since my dogs will drop them at my feet and I just pop the throwing stick over the ball and heave it again.  These replacement balls work perfectly with the throwing stick - my only complaint is that the balls are not as durable as real tennis balls.  The balls that came with the original throwing stick split in half under the abuse my Cattle Dog gave them.  Now he's a senior citizen and has no interest in fetching - so maybe these balls will last longer with the other two Aussie-mix dogs.
5067	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	this is a great toy for a dog that likes to fetch it really needs to be a little longer though you have a tendency to throw it straight down but if you can learn how to use it your dog will love you forever

1881	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	very soft.
7119	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Again - this one was watery as well. Would not recommend unless you Want your dog to have diarrhea .
6948	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat told me he just loves this Chicken Food.

It is quite tough and brings back memories of the show "lamb chop" whenever I see it.
5976	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has saved me from getting woken up every morning between 4 and 5 AM because my cat decides he wants breakfast. Now he knows he just has to wait for the auto-feeder and to not bother me. It's also really nice for over the holidays, since my family lives in a different state. The 6 days is inclusive, since that last dish is never closed. It's also kind of awkward finding a place to put it that my cat can get all the way around to eat, since the white part is the part that turns, not the dish. My cat always figures it out, though. Be careful when the battery starts to get low, it won't turn all the way and will turn very, very slowly. The 9 volt generally lasts about 6 months, and I use this feeder for daily use (set at the 24 or 12 hour setting). All things considered, still a great product.
3260	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Right after I took it out of the package - before the dog even got to it.  I won't buy this brand again.
If you are looking for an indestructible toy, don't get this.  It is strong, but fairly easy to destroy.  However, my dog can hang on to one for several months before it needs to be thrown away.  For $4, that's a bargain toy.
6901	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible product and do not recommend.  Knew it was going to be bad when I almost couldn't get the seal off.  The wand drips constantly so you end up with green stains on your floors (because of the artificial green color).  And the bubbles are not only difficult to get but must not be much of a catnip smell because my 4 cats hate them.  I was also very unhappy to see they are made in China - with the track record of products from that country I will not be using these with my pets anymore.
8320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it

8152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The bone is very good quality holds well the price is cheap
8625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love Friskies! I have tried many other types but this is always a consistent winner and you know how fussy cats are! When you find something they  like you stick with it. The variety pack keeps them happy. My one cat is over 21 and calls every morning for her Friskies!
7686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Omnomnom says teh kitteh
9109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great
6409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	a very reasonable price for this amount of cat food and delivered very quickly
8430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat likes it. :-)
5122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with product and price. Dogs love the extra distance ball is now thrown.
My first Littermaid was the original.  It lasted about 4 years.  The next was the original "Mega Advance" and was the best when it was working.  That only lasted about 3-4 years.  The last Mega (not advance) lasted about 5-6 years, but was very noisy.
2535	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Poor Mr. Monkey. He arrived at 8 this morning and was loved by all, especially my 5 month old min pin puppy. By 9, poor Mr. Monkey had lost an eyebrow and one eye; the other hung dangerously close to his chin. Shortly afterward, the other eyebrow, eye and one nostril became an early morning snack for Barney. At 10:15, Mr. Monkey lost his nose and began leaking stuffing. Shortly afterward, Mr. Monkey went to his final resting place - the trash can.
1378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Happy cats!!
1431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a excellent product
8879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats still love this after months. Sometimes they need a reminder that the ball is super fascinating, but they scratch on it every day. One cat got the ball out once, which was impressive. Good toy.
3197	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Meeka loved them....she gets one before her bath and grooming.
2019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	pup likes
5195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If they sold these things in 5 packs I would buy them and hand them out to friends and family.  Whenever people see us using it they always make the comment that they need one.  We always seem to leave one somewhere so having an extra one on hand is a must.  The only thing I've notice with the Sport model is that a standard tennis ball fits a little more snugly and can sometimes be harder to pick up if the ball is muddy.  Next time we will stick with the Classic model.
3325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	seems to work
4285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far, they've held up well.
1840	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bigger than anticipated. Very cute
8613	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I fed my cats Science Diet for years, until recently when I actually read the ingredients and did a little research.  Specifically, here are the first 7 ingredients of this food (full ingredients lists included below):
6589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love the pate, one flavor was not favored as much by one cat, so the other cat who didn't mind got the flavor the other one didn't like... everyone still won on these.
Recently, we purchased a couple of cans of MAX CAT at a pet specialty store. Surprisingly, all three of the beggars chowed it down to the glaze on the dish.
8931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Night time treat
5886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These biscuits are a great way to get glucosamine into our yellow lab. She loves them! And these large bags are economical.
8497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice a hard, but my Scotty isn't interested in it if she can't tear it apart or eat it, she loses interest.
7593	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Made my cat very sick and constipated. Sometimes that will happen when switching him to a new food, but it clears up in a day or two. I went through 5 days and had to take him to the vet for an enema. He's allergic to grains, nuts, and most filler crap. This must have some in it somewhere, otherwise he would have been able to go to the bathroom.
2474	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the best toy ever.
And not too many pukes lol
[...]
7310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good for large breed puppies.  Keeps them interested and survives the teething times.  Not appropriate for heavy, adult chewers
2683	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not anything like the picture, so cheaply made.
As long as i had the little round ball litter, not the lite tracking kind, my Litter Maid performed consistently.  The second one lasted several more years with never a mechanical problem.  Long ago, i got the tent. I would always use a tent with the Litter Maid.  For me, the less evidence of a litter box the better.
3227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love these. They smell kind of awful but apparently to humans and not to dogs!
130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great vibrant purple! Looks great with my mixed media projects. Tip: if you push the spray 1/2 way, you get a droplet effect (or splatter effect), if you press it all the way you get a nice fine mist.
I was very happy to find the Mutt Mitt--larger in size (enough to handle my 55# dog's poop easily) and sturdy enough not to make a mess.  Also, biodegradable (and made in the USA).  Even the box is cardboard, so less plastic junk to mess with.
I must give credit where credit is due - I have used Frontline before for my cats, and have been very satisfied with the results from that one.  However, I decided to try Advantage this time, as I'd heard good things about it, and it was on sale at a discount when I needed it.  I couldn't be more pleased.  Unlike most other topical applications where the flea substance is put on the shoulder blades of the cats and stinks (STINKS!), this has no easily discernable smell.
2966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little 4 pound Yorkie absolutely loves these squeaky toys. We love, love that the squeakers are replaceable. :) best toys ever :)
2156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the third one I've purchased over the last eight months. Mr. Bill is my Aussie's favorite toy. He plays with it until the motor dies, as which point I order a new one. Thus the reason we are on our third one. It's pretty durable too.
And sturdy. Definitely quality. Enjoyed having them for our party and will purchase again for the next
1918	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Actually I don't really love Mr. Bill, but our Goldendoodle certainly does.
1050	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fit perfectly on my Yankee Droll bird feeder.
1686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this damn thing. He carries it everywhere. So A++ in my book.


I'm on a search for a new product to use when my current supply of terribly ripped mutt mitts runs out.

Why, the AAFCO even has an annual meeting. I'll bet that's a debauch.
3787	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	PRO:  For a not very expensive pet barrier, it was about what I expected.  Two vertical bars, each with a long threaded rod to extend from the floor to ceiling.  There are two long oval loops that run horizontally.  Each of these loops expands to they can reach out to the interior walls of the vehicle.  I put it in the back of my 2001 Suburban, behind the 2nd seat.  It went in easier than I expected, after reading some of the other reviews.  The main part of the device looks fairly well made, though I don't see any way of securing the horizontal loops in their extended positions.
2790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This little squirrel is about 3-4 inches long, but it takes a pounding from my dog. The squeeky ball inside will occasionally get chewed to the point it will not squeek anymore, and there are replacement squeekers (small size) that you can get to put into the squirrel. It has a velcro opening on the back for replacing the squeekers. It is one of my dog's favorites.
3464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are used daily.  They are stronger than other dog bags.  Buying in bulk is cheaper and more convenient.
206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best starter clicker training book I have found.  Of course Karen Pryor is the premier trainer when it comes to clicker training and all training.  My service dog trainer recommended it and I love it.
2700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	still a favorite of my pups!
Glenda
9743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I only feed Hill's Science Diet!
8883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love it
222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice gate!
7782	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand. If you go to their website, sign up for their newsletters. They'll send you $3.00 off coupons every couple of months or so. No so helpful when purchasing through amazon but helpful if you have a local store with Amazon similar pricing like I do ;)
I couldn't stop watching this series.
6761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it. you can see the bits of carrot
9755	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Koi love this food.
2920	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Had a lot of faith in the KONG products. Received this toy with the nose already coming off! Puppy couldn't even play with it! Sent it back the next day. He already has the frog and loves that little guy but this bear is not suitable for puppy play. Won't even order a replacement because if it happened once, it will happen again. The frog doesn't have a nose or eye balls that are coming unsewn (yet) and it doesn't appear that will happen, ever. Very happy with the frog! :)
9095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If only it didn't cost so much ! But the kittehs do love it best.
I like to look at one month at a time, and this planner gives me exactly that: One month spread across two 8x10 pages, with room for additional notes.  The pages are a bit thin (not the best when you like to use a pencil and erase a lot), and there are a lot more pages than you might think for a "12 month planner".  That's because they've given you a 13th month (Jan. '17) just for yuks, as well as the rest of the next year spread out over another couple of pages, plus many more blank pages for "Contacts" and "Notes", additional pages with when each holiday will be for the next 3 years or so, and other odds-and-ends.  An attached flexible strap can be used to hold the book together as you begin, presumably, to stuff it full of additional scraps of paper (?), and the whole thing is protected by a fancy-stock black cover, with embossed lettering.
7351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a great price I bought these for!  Thank you!
8727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My kitten liked it at first, but now she barely eats it and always wants dry food.
7658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and shipping. My kitty loves it.
Glad I decided to go with this over the 300 series.
My little Llasah Apso's favorite toy.  It's out second Lamb chop..Wore out the first.
4349	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog love it.
(note: that is not a question.)
418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the 3rd year I've gone with a Seresto collar. The last 2 years they have performed flawlessly - no ticks, and around here many dogs get Lyme disease.
322	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The neckline is a little too loose. It is elasticised, but when Buffy pulled on the leash, I thought it might come off.
1641	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's sturdy and comfortable for my little 16 lb. dog. He's a size such that a smaller one seems to be too cramped for him, so this is very roomy for the guy. It's not heavy, so I can easily carry him in there. I do have decent upper body strength, though.
The product does kill and keep the fleas off my adult cat (age 5). I hear that side effects are normal with chemicals. I wish there was a way to not introduce chemicals into her systems and keep the fleas off her and out of the home.
4829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've always liked Chuck it products. This was a little smaller than I like but the plastic is strong and the ball it comes with isn't cheaply made.
As advertised.
5868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Finally something my dog will eat.  He's now playing more than he did as a puppy.  I swear he even has a smile on his face.
3974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what was stated and what we expected.
202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's thorough, but I use the clicker in a much different way.  Throughout the book, the idea that's presented is to get the dog's attention and then reinforce what he does right with a reward.

3888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these are great for playing fetch.
4242	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very long. Hard for short distances but works.
3189	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't help my pup at all. She still vomits in the car.
336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has worked like a charm! No more mothers allowing their small kids to just run at my caution girl!
3025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great service. I love this buddy leash. Handsfree and easy to use!
7052	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	How to review cat food? My cat eats it so I assume it taste good however I have not asked her opinion and am unwilling to try it myself.
873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this food for my English Springer Spaniel.  He always provides a litmus test for dog foods.  He has severe food allergies and gets bad reactions to (almost) any food that is not grain-free.  Even some grain-free choices have caused rashes and itching.  So far he has done very well on this food.  He also likes the taste and shows other signs of good health (although it's admittedly hard to tell much difference after one small bag).  I always stop on over to DogFoodAdvisor and see what they have to say.  This food scores pretty high, a rare 4.5 stars out of 5, putting it up there with the most expensive grain-free foods (obviously where it belongs!).  The main ingredient is lamb, followed by other high-protein ingredients.  There are very few "bad" ingredients.
6065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SO pleased I researched until finding this ramp! It works on the side Toyota sedan door - is sits a bit angled but still allows our girl to walk up instead of jump poorly with her aging spine. Have it set up for the love seat when not needed for the car. The built-in handle works well for carrying. The rubber-like textured surface is wonderful - great traction. After debating a year on this, saw the PetSTEP last week and knew right away it was the one! Kudos on your engineering!
7215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this and won't eat anything else, not even wet food. It may not be the best food out there, but she will eat it.

9500	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	very well made toy, can stuff it, but not easily. VERY heavy, my dog does not really like it. One thing for sure, I would not want to drop it on my foot!
1708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite toy his name is Lammy
6998	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a picky eater and after trying many foods, he seems to like this brand the best.  I order it as a 12 pack from Amazon as it's about $.60 a can cheaper.
9577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mini Goldendoodle loves this toy.  Has lasted a long time.  This and his hollow stick toy are his favorites.
8532	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	dog didn't like it
Do yourself a favor and don't buy this piece of crap.
1163	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the exact same ones that come with the littermaid. My original set came with carbon filters but this set did not. I can usually reuse them for several weeks. I'll just dump it out for a week or so then hose it out if things start sticking to it. If your gentle enough this pack could last you a year.
5863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog really really likes these.  At 15 years old, she still moves around well so perhaps these are part of the reason why.
1500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't do the Nutro dog food justice in a written review.  We have several dogs and go through a lot of dog food.  We've tried probably every brand you can think of, from low end bargain brand to really high end niche brands.  This stuff isn't cheap by any stretch. In spite of the price (it's not that it's overly expensive, it's just pricey and we have several dogs so go through a ton of dog food), this has become the only brand we'll now buy.
8697	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love these and they are a much better price than the same product at the local box store. They love to chew on them and they are not too hard so the dogs teeth don't crack or break.
8460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product!!
5378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Needed something to launch the ball a good distance for my shepherd, this does the trick ( had to learn to send it in the right direction but that went quickly). And my dog has learned to put the ball in the cup so I don't have to wrestle him for it or handle a slimy ball too much, nice bonus.
8458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves wellness!
7934	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	many broken biscuits !
3676	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These heavy duty pick up bags do the job.


1328	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It takes a lot of work to find the exact roll that will cause one very brief squeacK.  The dog will seldom if ever find it.  My dog  isn't at all interested.  It's a total loss as far as I can see.  If a person can't even make it work.........I only gave it one star because there's no way to give NO STARS.
9382	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These treats are fine, but too big for my medium-size dog.  Had I realized that, I would not have ordered.  They are probably good for a large dog.
1775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my dogs favorite toy!

My cat has been eating this for years and now she refuses it. It looks different also visually, now it has a darker/orange-y color.
1227	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great invention...no more scooping daily, much less smell, much less mess.  We have one cat & empty the recepticle weekly.  Yeah, the poop stinks when the recepticle is in the trash, but duh, it's cat poop!  Take the trash out.  The litter does stick to the rake but not enough to stink or really accumulate.  We did have the cat tent also, but it didn't really improve smell & didn't seem to ever fit right.
8140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats absolutely love it!
5230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	With this simple device I have become the center of my dog's universe!  It works as advertised and throws the ball a LONG way.  Since it holds the ball fairly tightly, likely by design, it can be a bit of a trick to throw the ball shorter distances when you don't want to grab the sloppy ball that's been gratefully returned to you by your dog.  It's a great exercise tool for the dog and would certainly buy another, would have to buy another, if something were to happen to the current model.
1884	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not good for any dog... will last maybe one hour, if lucky...
Although it is deteriorating, I love this toy/tool and so does our pup :)
1208	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	If you have a picky cat that will do his business elsewhere if you don't get to the litterbox immediately after it's used, this is the product for you.
I honestly don't know why Diamond puts out this awful dog food when they can make quality ones for right about the same price - given the choice, who would take the one for less quality?
3386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy to find this product for my cat at such a great price.  Can't say that my cat is happy about it, though.
1707	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pug absolutely loves Lambchop!  I had to buy a half-dozen of these because he will rip one apart in just a few months.  This is not an indication of the construction but the fact my dog is hard on his toys.  Comes with five squeakers so there is always one that continues to work.  A nice remembrance of Shari Lewis, too.
9471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat loves this food!
5579	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Chuckit products are awesome for our two dogs. One pup is a high energy Aussie Cattle/McNab mix, he runs on Energizers. The other pup is a playful Shepherd/Lab mix with jaws of determination... a destroyer of all. While not every Chuckit product has survived our pups enthusiasm (the large soccer style ball was cool for a month, but a solid tug of war shredded it in a blink). Most of the Whistle balls and solid rubber based balls have held up completely. I have probably lost more than they have successfully thrashed. So our Energizer will run and fetch for as long as I can keep going. He barely stops for water when he is fetch focused. I purchased this Large Ball (we already have the 2.5" version) full size Chuckit hoping the bigger ball and longer swingarm would serve two goals: 1) Bigger ball=larger for our dog to fit in his mouth, challenge him on mid-air catches and fetching. 2) Longer swingarm chucker gives me better distance=pup runs farther on each toss so I spend less time throwing, more time resting. We still love the Chuckit and the pups do too... but this was mostly a fail for me. The bigger ball is quite a bit heavier and more awkward to throw. It does not go further with the longer swingarm because it is a heavier ball. The pups mouth is clearly bigger than I thought, because his catching and grab are not delayed by the balls size. I simply get tired more quickly now that I have a bigger, heavier ball to throw the same distance as the smaller ball. On a good note, the bigger balls are just as tough as the smaller, and it is entertaining to watch both pups vigorously exercising their jaws trying to crush the big balls in their play. *Note, I don't use the tennis ball the Chuckit thrower comes with, our dogs simply peel the fuzz and eventually tear apart those balls.

8417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	8-11-13  I have been using this for over a year and really like it.  I put this out to feed some outdoor animals as well as my own and find that both the dogs and cats like it.  The price is right so I can afford to feed the outdoor animals as well as a variety treat for my own cat and dog.  Would recommend it.

9782	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product and fast shipping!

3477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So my big dog did the unthinkable:  he dropped a load on a neighbor's front lawn.  Luckily I had Mutt Mitt Dog Waste Pick Up Bags on standby!  I dashed home to get a bag and was able to clean up his mess without gagging.  No unpleasant feelings in my hand, no heat or texture transmitted, as it were.  Then I noticed an old mess on the same lawn, so I got another bag and cleaned that one up, too, since the Big Guy had made a dash for freedom the previous day when contractors left the gate open.  Hey, it could have been his!  So, now I am a fan and I noticed the price dropped since I bought them, it figures.  When I need more bags I will look for these (or just press my Dash Button).
9654	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Even  the stray cats didn't like the strange faux chicken bits.
2249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love anything that squeaks.  I have two pups, 11 & 15 pounds, they don't tear anything up so this toy is still intact.  Very well made
because it was recommended to me and you can't
2040	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is our 90-pound dog's favorite toy--ever!  Surprisingly, it has held up much better than his other toys.  He seems to enjoy this plush toy much better than the plastic, rope or rubber toys we've gotten him in the past--who knew?  This toy is a winner!  Will keep your dog happy for hours and hours.
6142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This ramp will not be breaking in two; with loose hinges.  Easy to train just put at kitchen door; a chair on one side. myself on the other and she went right up.  It is heavy. I think it is supposed to weigh 10 lbs.  Seems like more to me; but I have back problems.  If it were lighter would give it 5 stars.
8402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My medium and large dog always love these. I constantly and buying and replacing.
This is quality dog food made with high quality ingredients.
3232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
2036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My doggies love these
Between my two dogs, the 4 balls that we had have now been reduced to one. I've had standard tennis balls and they seem to hold up better than these. But, again, as a fetch-only ball, I think they would work well.

7218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Long lasting bone that my dog loves. Great value!
284	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	THE PLASTIC SNAP IS TOO LARGE - TOO BIG FOR A LITTLE DOG LIKE MY SHI TZU
6501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and my cat love this.  Perfect pate with gravy.  Will continue to buy.
Our dogs no longer go litter-diving for 'snacks'. The mechanism scares them and most of the contents are now hidden away in the plastic container.
9124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great price.
3366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great to buy in "bulk" so to speak. Have too many cats I guess, but so many people dump cats, all are rescued from these terrible cruel jerks.
I recommend this product because our dogs like the taste of it and it's a high-quality item.  We just can't make our budget stretch that far.
2028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and even my cat is interested in it.  The puppy arrives next week.
Side note: my 13YO son was unaccountably excited when he heard I'd ordered a ball launcher and surprisingly disappointed when it arrived.  It turns out, he had visions of rocket launchers and had envisioned a machine that would launch the ball out of sight and couldn't wait to see it in action.  His disappointment was in its simplicity and the fact it would require actual manual effort on our part to get it to work.  LOL.
9762	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	its a box, and it holds litter and poop. Really no complaints. Tiny kittens can use it no problem, and I don't have to clean it everyday. Which is nice.
9890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a great investment! Our 65 lb boxer / american bulldog absolutely loves it! He is a big chewer and it still looks brand new after 3 months. We fill it with treats when we leave the house as well and then we throw it in the dishwasher to clean it.
3933	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Tennis ball broke literally within ten minutes of giving to my Weimaraner mix
6499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've switched my elderly chihuahua due to skin allergies to this and in a month it's cleared up and she likes it
2031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it!

If there was a way to make the system a bit more quiet it would be perfect.
My cats are also happy.  While I still have an appreciation for Frontline, I am happy to have Advantage as a viable alternative.
8833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Even when they get old and fussier, they always like Friskies.
6199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I read on more than one gerbil care site that this was the food they recommended & I agree with them completely. It is made up of alot of different things. My gerbils seem to like it.
9100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This large, inexpensive pan is purrfect for my large cat.  He took to this new box right away, and the sturdy, heavy duty plastic looks like it will last a good, long while.
8945	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very nice pans.

be cleaning the rake and scraping the bottom of the tray more often than would be necessary.
2421	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	"OH NOOOOOO!!!!!!"  Cute toy, but only lasted a couple of days with our little beagle boy, who's a champion chewer.  He love it...while it lasted.  We had to throw it out once he chewed through the plush and started trying to get to the sound inside.  Was great while it lasted, but if your dog loves to rip things apart, don't waste your money.
5978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I very - VERY - nervously purchased this feeder for my cat, who has food security issues and is notorious for getting into the garbage and breaking into the cabinets to eat whatever he can get his mouth on. Seriously, I'm kind of amazed he hasn't figured out how to open the fridge yet. But he's still young, so who knows.
9655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat actually eats this dry cat food!
As long as I don't have a squirrel problem (such as on a single tube feeder presenting safflower seed), I always use the seed tray.  It cuts down significantly on the amount of wasted seed and gives desirable birds more landing space.  The trays have lots of drainage holes, but I still get waste buildup over a period of time.  It's rather easy to clean.
2005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this toy but as she got bigger chewed it to pieces, goodbye lampchop
9450	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	He likes the Mixed Grill only; won't buy this mix again.  I guess I'll have to just troll the local pet wharehouse to glean what he Will eat......
5851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pug, yes a pug with 17 teeth removed, loves his daily bone. I usually break it in half which is easy to do with one hand. I have noticed that at the age of 12 he has a little more pep in his step.
1593	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For such a hefty item to be shipped, amazon has an excellent price compared to local retail. This is a higher end product and my cat loves it. he has been eating it since a baby though so he doesn't really know better.
All her problems gave gone away.  It is amazing.  She has not been to the vet since her last yearly checkup.

387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only brand that had worked for my dog so far, poor thing is allergic to fleas and breaks out.
7384	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I feed my pups Wellness. The kibble can't be beat. I figured it'd be a no-brainer getting their canned food. Do not buy this specific recipe. It smells like cat food once opened, and has the same consistency. It will not hold up a fresh-like consistency once opened.
678	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nephew loved them!


436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far great. No rashes. Dog isn't reacting to it. Haven't seen a single flea or tick on him thus far and I live in a high deer tick area. Definitely will buy again
9188	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats favorite dry food. This product is $6.00 cheaper online than in the local pet store. I look for the best price because with 3 cats it goes fast.
If you have a cat that is terrorized by a dominant cat and you use two litter boxes -- you may want to leave the scaredy cat his "safe zone" box in place. When I first got the Littermaid, the cats used 5 boxes in different locations around the house. At first I left 3 of them in place. They got less and less use, so I decommissioned one after another -- probably over 6-8 months. Now we just have the Littermaid. I have used the same LM900 Mega since March of 2004.
9627	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
2868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pups love it but the squeaker is so loud and so easy for the pups to trigger it can drive me crazy sometimes. lol
2458	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Squeaker broke right away. Stuffing out in less than 10 minutes
6031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I first bought yipyaps as they are nearly protein free, and my dog was on a low protein diet for liver failure.  But it turned out that all 5 dogs love these yipyaps!  They're cute little crunchy treats, kinda like the old Pez candies but shaped like little bones.  Now I keep a tin in my purse for treats at the vet's office or wherever.  It's great to have a purse/pocket sized treat that never rubs off on your hands with stinky greasy crumbs, like other products.
Now I spend 5 minutes every other day: I use plastic grocery sacks to line the plastic Littermaid storage container. I put in about 4-5 liners at once. I put a fabric softener sheet in the top-most liner. (A friend uses a few tablespoons of Carpet Fresh.) About once every two days, I just pull the full grocery sack out and tie it closed, put in a new dryer sheet, dress over the litter in the pan, make sure the rake is clean of any large debris. There is tool to clean the rake included with the box. I use a regular litter scoop to make sure any used litter is scraped loose from the bottom of the pan. (One of my boys uses the same spot for every urine break. The litter in that corner sticks to the bottom of the pan.) This whole process takes about 5 minutes. I double sack the full bag with a couple of extra grocery bags, and take it out to the garbage can, wash my hands and I am done.
4619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing. Works amazing. I highly recommend it! Must need!
9145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	after 3 years of only eating snacks for his food, I bought this on a whim. he loves it. another cat in the house tried it and loved it also!
8211	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My kitten did not like it
dog.
197	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This book is good for any dog owner. Even if you don't actually do the training the dog psychcology information is invaluable.
4395	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	THE best for active athletes! :)  Our border collies are mad about these! :)  LOL  A must have for any active breed!  But immediately replace the furry tennis ball with the Chuckit Ultra Ball (rubber)- the fuzzy balls (and tennis balls) are extremely unhealthy for dogs' teeth, they wear the teeth down eventually! So I recommend only using the Ultra Balls which are rubber and don't affect their teeth.
1191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LitterMaid-LM900-Self-Cleaning-Litter-Box/dp/B00005MF9U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LitterMaid LM900 Self-Cleaning Litter Box</a>
9785	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog's tore it up right away.
But all-in-all I have found this feeder to be useful and it does allow me to get away for very short trips and not have to pay expensive boarding fees.
4640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My aussie-mix adores this - she's a veracious ball player, and I have a terrible arm.  This allows me to satiate her ball-playing needs and give her the exercise she deserves!
864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The first ingredient in this dog food is lamb.  (Real lamb according to the package.)  This is not one of the limited ingredient foods.  There are a lot of ingredients.  The second ingredient is chicken meal and then chickpeas.  Most of the ingredients are recognizable like alfalfa, potatoes, and sunflower oil.  It has a lot of vitamins and that probably accounts for a lot of the ingredients.
7081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it!
793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty likes these.
6857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 dogs on this product now. A 14 yr old, 55# shep mix with severe hip dysplasia. I tried him on this product even while on the Rimadyl and there was still a significant improvement in less than 2 weeks. He's been on it ever since. He still walks with us every day.
(i can't remember ever writing a negative review before for a product, and certainly not one this negative. think how ..fill in your favorite adjective here.. i must have been to get back on amazon to look for this product again just to write this review. sad.)
4827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	replacement for old ones that gave up the ghost.  our dog loves going long to get the ball!
She's still delighted, but me not as much. I have chronic pain and this definitely triggers it when grip makes contact with my hand during the throw. Just holding it I am fine, but throwing causes me extreme pain. I'm going to wrap it so that I don't feel the sharp edges in my palm as I throw. They need to only offer padded handles as I've seen the complaint over and over. Thought this one would be better than the others because it appeared slightly more rounded, but it's not. Horribly painful for me to use. Bella, she's thrilled and we had a great time until I wore out and there was too much paid to continue. Tried various positions, but all caused pain. Once I figure out just how I want to wrap it, I'll post pictures and report as to how well it works.
986	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We like Eukanuba.  We feed this brand to our dog and two cats.  I normally buy the Sensitive Stomach instead of this bag but decided to try it because it was cheaper.  My cat ended up barfing up hair balls so back to the Sensitive Stomach.  Otherwise they ate this and never complained.
6454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love pushing a ball around a little track.  They also love catnip.  And not too surprisingly they also love to scratch stuff.  This covers all three bases nicely.  I've several toys of this nature scattered throughout the cats' royal palace and this one gets played with on average twice a day.  I have this one in my office - just across from the bed room.  And night or day they play away pushing the ball in it's track, stopping it, sending it back, and starting over.
9733	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats are using this all the time and try to pull out the ball
1292	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We currently have four always indoors cats, we have had as many as six at one time.  We have owned as many as two Litter Maids at one time and experienced the same problem with all of them.  First the solid waste sticks to the forks and is difficult to clean.  Second the trays are expensive and messy to change.  I see where they are now giving you 18 trays for about the same price we were paying for twelve, but at over $1.00 each they are still too much.
UPDATE:  After more than a year of use and countless days baking in 90+ degree heat under full sun, the ramp is as solid as ever. I thought the rubber treads might melt or come loose, but they did not.  Great product!
9253	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, as always
To prevent him from getting bored and trying to rip the fur out, gut it from the velcro side, etc., I'm only giving it to him for a little while for playtime and put it away when he seems to be losing interest.
2830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for our Chihuahua, she adores it .....carries it around and sleeps with it.
5279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy! I bought this so I could the ball to travel farther when playing fetch. Ever since the first use my dog has been addicted. She knows which tennis ball (of the 5) is the chuckit ball and carries it everywhere and even drops it on me when I'm not paying attention to her. She would run herself sick if I don't stop playing when I see she's tired.
Electric motors are severely worn out due to time.  Sometimes the cat food jams up during the rotation which may cause more stress and early failure of the electric motor.
1472	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The At-A-Glance 2016 Weekly and Monthly Planner was just the thing I needed to keep track of doctor's appointments, social dates and meetings of my local civics group. The planner has a full monthly calendar for each month spread over two pages, followed by spacious entry pages week by week (with room for notes). The generous writing space is so large, the planner can double as a journal, or be used just for that purpose. The back of the book has space for contacts and events, plus a list of holidays and even a time zone map of the US. Altogether well planned and executed, I ordered more for friends whose lives are as busy as mine. Highly recommended.
67	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Lots of healthy recipes!
7791	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My picky cats won't eat some foods and get tired of other foods they start out liking.  However, they love this brand/flavor and have continued to enjoy it for quite some time now.
5066	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use, launches the ball so far that I have to go get the ball because the dogs lost site of it. I now throw the ball side-arm style across the ground. Works great and my hands are slobber free.
7479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Happy with product
6591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This price can be better than the Costco price. Really great deal. This is two 12 packs, don't let the image confuse you. It does have 24 cans total.

1047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works to keep most of the seeds from falling on the lawn under the pine tree where I have it hanging.
6844	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	didn't make bubbles at all
Let me say, this is the biggest pile of junk you'll ever waste you're money on.  Even with high quality clumping litter it did not work.  The rake would get clogged.  The receptacle wouldn't close.  Litter stuck all over the place and in the tracks even though we were well below the "fill line."  We spent more time cleaning this piece of junk than a regular litter box.  In less than a month we threw it out in the garbage.
6949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Again, my cats love this product,  one was afraid of it., the other loves the bubbles, probably because they are catnip
I would strongly recommend this device for a Christmas present even part of stocking stuffers. You will not be disappointed.
My has been working fine for five years. No mechanical problems at all. The instructions say to empty the container once a week. My cat fills it in five days. So I schedule myself to empty it twice a week. Is it Monday or Thurs? Time to clean the litter box.
Oddly enough, when we got our second LitterMaid (regular sized) the receptacles that came with it were sturdier and more durable.  Why they aren't all manufactured at this thickness is beyond me.  Actually, I'm sure it's a case of trying to get more money out of us at cheaper manufacturing cost, but it's a little ridiculous when they are that flimsy.
1846	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The body of this lamb really soft and luxurious--would be ideal for human babies; however the face and feet are made of a thin gauze-type material that my dog ripped through in about 20 seconds. Seriously--within seconds there were holes all over this thing.. I sewed them back together as best I could, only to have her rip through it again the moment she'd get it back. It became more of a hassle than it was worth--either sewing large portions back together, and/or picking up fuzz scattered all over the house. Should be marketed for older or sick dogs.
4150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This shorter chuckit is our in town chuckit so the ball doesnt go across the road. Wonderful.
8680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog seems to like them, but they create a lot of crumbles to clean up.  My dog has a gluten allergy though and most of the available treats are the same way.

7682	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No by-products, fur-kids love it, healthy, minimum amount of ingredients - just an all around awesome food.
4236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves it
3927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A cold/wet weather alternative to tennis balls... I use these or tennis balls with a NERF ball thrower (looks like a blue jai-alai C shaped thrower at $10) in fall or winter. Tennis balls get slimy and wet from moisture or the dogs mouth. If you have a fenced tennis court, fall and winter are excellent for retrieving as a game reward as you get obedience commands. A tennis court is nearly perfect for 'here'  (recall) since the dog cannot run away and learns that 'get it'  and 'out'  of the blaa result in playing the game.  Some dogs quickly learn the fun of retrieving.
9336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had three cats for 15 years now, and have always fed them Friskies wet and Whiskas dry. My 15 year old loves the
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Queentools-Professional-Barber-Scissors-Shears-Kit-with-Straight-Shears-and-Thinning-Shears-Pack-of-2/dp/B01823USD0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Queentools Professional Barber Scissors Shears Kit with Straight Shears and Thinning Shears, Pack of 2</a>
3013	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these- I actually use it for my service dog so she is attached to me and my hands can still be free for pushing a grocery cart, driving a scooter, etc.
6318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Really cuts down on odor in the bunny': litter box.
I only bought this, because being disabled, I can't always get out to a store.  This was not worth the wait, plus the corporation that owns Friskies is all sorts of evil.
7031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Purchased this from our local animal shelters wishlist. They were happy with it, but we weren't as the bag was half open when we unboxed everything.

3299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	thank you
5114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It saved my arm!


No fleas on the cats, no flea dirt, no eggs.
get them you feel lucky and if still making sounds a week later well... such a deal!  I wouldn't hesitate to get
2658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A bit small but dog loves it

3176	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work great for calming down my anxious blue healer/English Shepard mix that is very anxious.
3909	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We bought these for our Great Dane after having a great experience with a chuckit indoor ball but unfortunately these were obliterated in a matter of 30 minutes or so by our dog.  The fuzzy material on the balls became what seemed to be a choking hazard for her as she shredded most of it off within those 30 minutes and began hacking on it (yes, we had taken the ball away by then).  Love their indoor ball but these didn't last long.  It made a giant neon orange mess in our backyard in the process.
9849	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Puppy loved it! Had good  volume stool not excessive. Mixed can with dry food of same manufacturer my picky eater couldn't resist it.
8645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Use this to mix with the dry equivalent dog food. My retriever mix gobbles it up immediately when served. Hill's makes excellent products and I know my pet is getting the best ingredients.

Great toy! Would definitely recommend for a pet lovers gift

6871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	catslove it
6055	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Was looking for lightweight ramp for 6 mo. golden retriever post spay surgery. Gave the puppy a month to get used to using ramp instead of stairs, no fear or problems with walling up or down the ramp. I like the non slip material they used, it's better than the rough sandpaper stuff on other ramps. It's on the smaller side so it easier to fold and store.
4247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE these. They are durable and bright- I don't lose them in the yard. The price was spectacular. I will be ordering more when my girls wear out the current ones.
7184	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and exactly as described.

1277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs just go crazy over the sound this toy makes! Excellent exercise for them. I really, really wish it were a bit more durable as my dogs are able to destroy/chew them -- I have to take them away long before the sound mechanism gives out due to them makes holes in the 'skin'. Please Wiggly Giggly. . . can you make them stronger somehow? Then they would be perfect! :-)
There's something about following a Rottie and Lab around a couple of times a day, and picking up massive piles of warm Poop that started us looking for a bag like this.
If you have a well-behaved dog who always walks at your left, right by your side or slightly behind you, this will probably be a favorite new thingy for you. It is adjustable both in the girth of the belt and the length of the leash. It snaps on and off quickly. It has an extra loop for tucking away the loose leash when not in use. It even has an extra snap juncture so that you can leave the slightly more difficult to clasp latch on the dog (useful only if you have a larger dog that won't have the clasp dragging the ground when not attached to the leash). You couldn't really ask for more -- other than a shorter span that allows the leash to move around the belt so that it remains on only on one side and gives the dog a gentle reminder tug that he is going out of limit when he tries to go to the other side.
7952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are happy, they seem to really love these "cookies."  I think that since they contain chicken meal that it would be better for the dogs' health instead of other ingredients.  I am so glad that I found these on Amazon.  I have purchased Old Roy dog biscuits but they never seem to be in stock and shipping is a hefty price.  Good compromise by purchasing from Amazon, just wish that I could get this as a subscribe and save item!
9563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Four cats get this food log in the morning, along with a scoop of wellness dry food. One cat meows all day at us if we skip a food log, and just feed dry food. It's safe to say they find this food utterly delicious, it isn't difficult to see why cause it smells utterly delicious.
I received this product at a discount for my honest review.
4041	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	k
Chuckit! Large Ultra Tug
7967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our new kitties seem to like it and it's a good addition to the Wellness dry food that we give them.
4405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome! Throws longer, tiring out the pup quicker! Great!
4435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it

1991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love Lampchop and she has lots of squeakies!
I only use natural cat litters - non-clay and compostable so thought I'd give this a try.
5861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs really  like these and as they are passed their prime, I like the glucosamine in them. I feel these are healthier than milk bones and more substantial.
6135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this ramp for my Brittany to get up on the sofa. She is 12 years and has multiple elbow and hip surgeries making jumping up on the sofa non existent without me lifting her up. I have tried a step but steps are too far apart and she is very unstable on it. This ramp has a rubber coating on it making it easy for her nails to grasp for sure footing. I will be using it also to help get her into our SUV.
However, we could have dealt with those issues. We could have cleaned the tines daily, and pushed down the lid ourselves regularly. The real problem was far more serious.
494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this for my 4 cats and one dog for the past 2 years never saw another flea and no side effects.
Low fat content
216	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This collar looks awesome on our rottie. The colors really pop, and it totally reflects his calm and loving nature. The collar doesnt seem very durable, but thankfully the dude's blind so he hardly pulls when on a leash and on walks we use a harness.
8210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Bengal and Bombay kitty and I love both of them dearly.  I am the shopper who stands in the aisle and reads labels.  I make sure the food I give them doesn't have Carragenean, BHT or any other ingredients that have been questionable to give to cats.  I am also cost conscious, I have two kitties to feed and I don't want to pay $3/can when they eat 4 cans a day at a minimum.
6980	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten seems to like it. No strong oder like some other brands I've used.
When you pop the timer mechanism back in, make sure you line up the little prong on the timer with the notch on the plastic dish cover's center hole.  If you don't, it won't fully lock into place and kitty might be able to get into the hidden pockets.
4946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	WANT a pooper-scooper that ACTUALLY works?
630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great concept for an iq toy. The inner ball has two holes one on opposite sides. So you have to cover a hole to fill the top. Then without dropping any treats if you're skilled, you need to move the number ball so that it covers up. The outside has holes all over so not only the dog is in for a skill challenge but also the owner. Often Ill fill it, think I covered the inner holes, roll the toy and everything falls out. Seems like the inner ball should have one hole.
4075	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Better than tennis balls, doesn't break as fast
4166	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great idea for older pet owners or those people who can't throw the ball far. It works great for my friend's new puppy!
8204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product for Puppies. My German Sheppard loves it
8400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our love loves these chews
5037	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great! My dog loves this and will play forever
1057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Am I glad I got this tray.  It holds as many as a dozen finches, if there's a big enough crowd on the feed tube.  Always happy to accommodate the overflow.
1478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is pretty much your average month-at-a-glance planner, but it has the added benefit of a sleek, slim, and sturdy matte covering. I'm also digging the closure band. A three-year calendar and holiday list are handy, as are the month thumb-tabs, and there are plenty of pages for notes and contacts. I'm pleased with it.
7102	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy is a yellow lab and he loooves his "dino" toy. He has had it since he was 2 months, is 6 months now, and chewed off the head, tail, and legs, and still is thrilled with it!! It's his #2 fav. toy! I would recommend it for anyone whith a large breed puppy/teenage dog.
644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for our 6 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it!  It was easy to inflate with the included pump and the ball is made of a heavy duty material that seems like it should be very durable.  Just ordered a second one for her so she will have one at home, too!  Would definitely recommend this!
6855	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because my dog hurt his should falling down some stairs. nothing broke but he was banged up. he has totally recovered and I will keep him on this for ever. I also used this on my senior horse.
1067	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is poor quality.  The zipper doesn't zip and I really should have sent it back but by the time my husband put it together it was too late.  Do not recommend this product.

841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just great.+++++
7810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cat loves it
6210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best gerbil food around! Perfect protein to fat ratio!
About once a month, I Dust Buster the mechanical parts and use a bathroom wipe as needed. I have always used disposable blue plastic-lined bed pads under litter boxes so any accidents are easy to take care of. You can get them in the Depends aisle at the drug store -- or search for "underpads" here at Amazon. Accidents are few and far between with the LitterMaid as the sides are very high. I had one dear sweet princess that would, at times, stand in the box with her back-end over the storage container. Until she passed away we just didn't use a lid. The Littermaid even kept her from peeing on the floor.
74	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loved this!  My daughter was beaming.
1054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you love feeding birds this is a must have for every feeder.  Saves on seed.

7957	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these at Christmas for my two Weimaraner's and am amazed how long they are lasting and how much they enjoy chewing them.. these are for back up when the other two are gone. Looks like I won't be needing them anytime soon. they are very durable.
982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Milkbone please keep making these treats, I can no longer find them in stores in
7047	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Half of the box arrived dented (not unuseable) but otherwise still a good value.
Advantage is also less expensive than "the other medication."
1622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boy LOVES these!  I like to give him one as a before bedtime treat when we run through a few learning exercises.  He is very focused, as he knows he will be getting one of these at the end our our lesson.  This is one of the few treats I've found that have this consistent enjoyment on his part.  The price is very good, too, as these are considerably higher at Petsmart or Petco.  Unfortunately the bacon flavored ones are $10 higher at the moment.  I'm hoping these stay the same low price!
If they were smaller and easier to break in half I would give them 5-stars
8462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves Max Cat!
9638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't personally vouch for this product,  but Cocoa, age 14 says,  "more please right nowwwwwww"
6425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves Wellness canned food.
4490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cause chuck its are awesome.  My dog did destroy the ball that comes with it, but we get some of the little rubber ones that whistle and she loves those.
9670	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are a little stinky but all fish treats are. My dog is allergic to chicken so fish is a favorite. They both absolutely love these. My dogs are small so I break them in 2. They are very crunchy and even my old dog that is missing teeth manages to crunch the down because she loves them.
1715	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I found this toy at another store but I wanted to leave a review on Amazon.  I actually bought three (for my dog and two grand dogs)of these because I thought they were so cute.  I loved watching SNL in the early years.  All was well until my dog destroyed it last night!  I only found 3 batteries, which Im glad other reviewers confirmed that is all of them.  However, it did also have some plastic coated copper wire and a rather large magnet inside.  Hopefully my dog didn't swallow anything that may hurt him.  If you have this toy or another one with a recorded sound, and your dog is able to bite through the plastic box inside of it....please go ahead and cut it out now.  The picture shows what I have found so far.  If the internal box was indestructible, I would have given this guy 5 stars.
* Safeguarding the health of animals and humans
2353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup loves his lammy!!  This is his second one.
1339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy for my Yellow Lab, he loves it.. Would have preferred the larger one but haven't been able to find them for some time now..
9819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We are a family that really depends on the Kong brand. We have 3 dogs, the little one is not much of a chewer so we purchase for the 2 labs for the most part. We have a few Kong toys that have lasted for years (at least 5 years). This toy is tough but not quite tough enough. The older lab mostly wants to retrieve so this toy is perfectly suited for him. It is a great weight for throwing, easy for him to pick up, and has a varied bounce for extra challenge.
The one thing that all three Maltese had in common is that they loved this toy.  However, I have to wonder who designed this.  The face with the bushy eyebrows may be cute for a childs toy but for a dog, it is an invitation to chew.  Eventually, that chewing leads to a major hole in the face :(
Boo likes watching and chaseing the catnip bubbles but dislike it when they pop (because then he gets squirted with wet/cold liquid .. even if it's tiny droplets). Poxie walks into the shower and isn't as picky about getting her paws wet so she goes crazy for them. So, Poxie will play forever if you let her and Boo gives up after a while, which is normal habit with most toys anyway :)
1724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs love them.
8162	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my mother's picky eating cat. Her cat loves this pate and you can't beat the price! I'll definitely be purchasing more!
6243	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This litter isn't horrible but I've had much better.  It does not help with smell at all.  I just would never buy it again.  It has lasted a long time though and I have two cats using the same box.  There are just better options out there that also work with the Breeze system.
6643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my indoor bunny.  My girlfriend visited the other day and couldn't believe how nice it smelled.  I love this stuff and I change her litter daily.
4341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works just like a chuck it product should... launches the all and makes it easy to pick up. Good product with super fast shipment .
4730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best thing I ever got for my dog. Before the chuckit I used to wonder why people would buy a specific thing for throwing balls.. are they insane? Just pick it up and throw! Sheesh. Well, listen to this...
4086	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	used em lost em, bought more.

1788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppies LOVE lambchop
Had bought a different brand launcher once, and it works no where near as nice.
3058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buddy System took the stress out of walking my 2 Border Collie dogs! No matter how well my dogs walked separately when together on the leash they would pull. And how do you correct one without confusing the other? So now I can take the strain off my arm and let me waist (and body weight) take the hit. I walked 4.5 miles with my pups and no strain on me and no obvious issues for them.
9096	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Even my picky cat loves this food. Smells HORRIBLE to me, but he loves it so that is all that matters....and it is a nutricious brand, so everyone wins.
4263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for throwing balls for my black lab.  I could never throw as far just with my arm.  Plus I don't have to touch the slobbery ball during play time.
424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 10 yr old "doodle" has used this for 2 years and had NO TICKS OR FLEAS....period. Our new puppy, 4 months old is going to use this one. After clearing it with the vet. I told him of the very good results with my first dog and he said the puppy can use it as well. OK. But both MUST HAVE HEARTGUARD because it does not protect the dog from heart worm disease.
7338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog started itching, coughing, developed a rash and refused to eat.  I took her to the Vet who ran a bunch of blood work.  All tests came back negative and the vet put her on antibiotics.  I began feeding her cooked chicken breast, but she continued to decline and started having facial swelling to the point where I had to start giving her Benadryl and hand feeding her just to get her to eat a couple bites.  After 10 days of antibiotics, I called the Vet and told her my dog was still sick and not eating.  She wanted to do a bunch of X-rays to look for tumors or for me to "think about putting her to sleep"...I wasn't ready to do that, so I began to research and all her symptoms pointed to a food allergy (chicken is common).  I started her on the Venison and sweet potato food, now, a week later she is returning to health.  Still skinny, but no itching, coughing or swelling and loves the taste of this food.  Miracles can happen:)
I adopted both of them from the pound (a year and half apart) and both were noted as being more skittish than "normal". Both of them don't like a whole flurry of bubbles drifting down on TOP of them and will startle or run away every once in a while. So, when we play and it's been a while since I brought out the bottle, I start as low or eye level to them as possible (but don't blow directly in their faces) until they get used to the bubbles.
1940	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs are obsessed with this toy!
8340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So happy this is available through Amazon as I have a hard time finding it in the local pet stores. Effect for my dog who's on a specific diet. And he happens to love them, so that's perfect :-)
9482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is very good food and my cats like the taste
6925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat eats it
3341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It works well. The main things I have found with Program is that it takes awhile to get into the system. You won't see immediate results here. It really kicked in good on the 3 to 4 month and from that point on no more eggs, larva or baby fleas. The other thing is it must remain in their blood stream so it has to be given every 30 days. For it to work right you have to kind of commit yourself to using it on a regular basis for the long  haul . I think it is worth doing. It does work very well at what it does
6629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Doberman sprained her front right shoulder once and our vet recommended this to keep her joints "well oiled".  She exercises hard, between 30 mins to one hour of solid running, wrestling, swimming, or jumping.  This glucosamine supplement is perfect.  Since taking it she hasn't had other sprains or stiffness in her joints.  Tastes like chicken so she looks forward to her daily glucosamine supplement.  Had to give her a high dose per the instructions on the bottle for the first couple of months and then transitioned to the maintenance dose.  It's worked out great.  I hope it keeps her feeling young for many more years to come.
2316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	She love all toys that squeak but this one is the absolute favorite squeaky toy.  We have lots of toys for both dogs but this one is special.  One of our dogs recently lost her eyesight to glaucoma and she now carries a large toy around to sort of cushion her contact with various things like walls and doors and chair legs etc. etc.  I guess it's her version of a cane.  Of all the toys for the dogs Lambchop is softer so I'm guessing that's why its her favorite.  I will be ordering some extras to put back so she will always have this toy to help her find her way.
6489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This litter is a great price and perfect for our rabbit's litter box.
1211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is our third LitterMaid litter box. The last two both stopped working after 2 - 3 years.
3029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really am liking this for training.  It's handy and I think it could be a great tool for novice handlers who find themselves accidentally putting pressure on the leash.
1986	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs loved it.
2634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs loved it.
4477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pup pup loves this! If your dog is normal and drools at all, you'll be glad you can grab the ball with the Chuckit! instead of using your fingers! The different sizes are great for varying lengths you would throw it! We love this so much! It's far better on your shoulder to throw with this!
6095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this for a large mastiff (167 lbs) to get in/out of a truck and camper.  We got him used to it by having him go on/off our porch with it, and then moved to the steeper truck and camper.  It can be a bit slippery in the rain but the ridges help with grip.  Watch out when you fold it, because as the directions state, it can really pinch if your fingers are in the wrong place when you fold..  This is a lifesaver for us as we could not lift our mastiff into our truck or camper, and this ramp stows folded in the truck between the back seat and front seat, in the bed of the truck, or in the "basement" of the camper. We had a tri-fold ramp before this one and it was far heavier and harder to handle, yet did not seem to be as secure for him.  We like this one and will be purchasing another one just like it so we can have one in the truck and one in the camper all the time.
9168	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab loves these and they last longer than most chew items.
628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great - lot of tooth at reasonable price.

3484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is double coverage and we reorder these every time.  They are not flimsy in any way so I can't say whether they break down easily, but I know they withstand the elements since we leave these out until trash time (once a week) and do not stink.
* Providing a level playing field of orderly commerce for the animal feed industry.
1631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this to raise the flow level in my Fluval Spec 5 and it definitely does that! The flow is fantastic!
5) Finally, keep up with gentle medicated baths. We use a chlorhexidine (disinfectant and antiseptic which keeps yeast, fungus, and germs at bay) shampoos, or a regular pup shampoo and mixx our own chlorhexidine in, but obviously takes a little more research on how much to add, etc.
331	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This harness is the sturdiest of all the harnesses I've seen.  It fits her snugly and durable.  The plastic clasp is durable, easy to snap and unsnap.  I would recommend this to anyone needing a way to identify a blind dog.
3603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	hello,
Scott
1279	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Pros: It's nice that it doesn't need batteries and is made of tough plastic.

789	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This planner is very thin, which is just what I wanted. Also, the cover is really nice material and higher quality overall than I'd expected. I hope I can find this again next year because it's perfect for what I need!
5811	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy with the ratcheting design and the tool's ability to cut through thick branches. It will earn its keep around our place pruning low limbs and cutting kindling wood.
air. This bag of YN will last a long long time.
6351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats like it.  It is a little messy.  The cats seem to kick some of it out of the box.
The belt holds the doggie bags and makes the leash handsfree. This leash is a handsfree and ment to be around your waist. It has fit up to a 42" waist.
9277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves these, and they are good for him
4753	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The plastic handle is hard to grip, and uncomfortable. I prefer the Pro 18 with rubber grip.
7905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats love it
Great toy and I will buy again!
7931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very good product, goes a long way.
3252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Miniature Pinscher named Noah that I rescued and few years ago. He has been dealing with anxiety and stress issues since I adopted him into our family, but seemed to get worse within the past year. He even started running and hiding under my bed when my other two dogs would start playing with their squeaky toys. I recently took a vacation with my dogs to Florida where one of my best friends live. She noticed Noah's anxiety issues and gave me a sample of Pet Ease that she had at home. I noticed a slight difference in Noah after being on Pet Ease for about 2 weeks. I decided to keep Noah on the pills and took a trip to the pet store to purchase a bottle. He has now been on them for 2 months and Pet Ease has worked wonders for him! He has even started playing with his toys and rarely hides under my bed. From my personal experience this product did wonders for my dog Noah and I will continue to keep him on Pet Ease. They are also easy to give, he eats them just like a treat.

3006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have used the Buddy System hands free leashes for some time now. I just recently switched to a different system because of one reason. I am an older person, and I don't run, I walk. When walking my two small dogs on this system, they would sometimes tangle around my legs, causing a falling hazard. Be aware of this if you are going to walk more than one dog at a time and you are older or very frail, it is a serious problem. Most of the time, my dogs walked fine with no problems and it was a HUGE help to me that they could not run away from me as they are very fast, and I'm not, but they are also pretty strong and when they wrap around you, it is a problem. Other than that, I loved the convenience of this system and even bought a second one to keep in the trunk of my car!
Toy Diagram (Size approximate):

5599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the smallest Catch-it I've ever seen but it works just as well as the longer ones -- but is WAYYYY more portable to the dog park, etc. Fits in a string gym bag  and is a FANTASTIC purchase
7024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only wet food that my cats will eat.
2. Cats LOVE friskies. I am not sure what makes it so attractive to our three cats, but they all come running when they hear the pop of the lid. I use this as a treat for them - one can divided for all three. I tried other brands (some famous) and they actually turned their nose up at it.
8915	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Our German Shepherd starting chewing pieces off in about 5 minutes. I don't recommend for big dogs or heavy chewers. I ordered the Giant size too so expected it to withstand more. We are sticking to Benebones for now.
With one particular group of three I was able to socialize them completely, have them altered and find homes for them.
An MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) exists between the AAFCO and the Food and Drug Administration. I guess a warm and fuzzy exchange of cards at Christmas just isn't enough.
First run with the buddy system allowed me a more natural running motion.
2061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our goldendoodle puppy loves her little lamb. It has a nice squeak sound that's not as annoying as most dog toys.
It's a bit heavy but easily managed, and the substance and weight provide a firm surface that all my dogs are comfortable using (no wiggle, no sagging).
9229	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High nutritional food blend for cats under one year.  Helps with growth and overall health.

I will say though, if you make the necessary modifications (see the pictures I added to the product), this feeder is impossible to break into. So if that is your primary concern, this is a good choice.
4973	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This makes it much easier to throw and retrieve balls for a dog who loves to chase them.  My older dog loves her large, Ultimate Kong Toy (black), but I get tired of picking it up and trying to throw it far enough to give her a workout.  The Chuckit is perfect for a good workout.  I don't know how the balls would stand up to a GSD's teeth, so I put the Chuckit away and give the Kong back when she's done enough running.
No more shedding, no more hairballs & my cats have never been silkier. They're so shiny they sparkle in the sun!

9407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Too many calories, 504 cal/cup, so I give my cat only about 15 pieces a day, mixed in with Halo kibble. Good nutritionally.

1253	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have two cats, I bought this to help keep things clean and tidy, well it was a disaster and here is why.
1837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it!
1413	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great!
1502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Cavalier King Charles Spaniels really enjoyed this dog food.
Great that Amazon now carries this first rate American-made product. These bags are bio- and photo-degradable so very environment friendly.
I too found many broken biscuits, however I toss the broken bits into a meal and my dog thinks she's struck gold (she'll dig the bit out from the bowl, race down the hallway as if to hide the find from me while she gobbles it up, then return to finish her meal).

2450	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cute Mr Bill. I purchased this after reading the reviews. Alas my dog will not go near it. It would be great if the seller would let me send it back and get something else. I have never seen her reject a toy
5438	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this invention!  Saves my arm and provides my puppy with a lot of exercise.  I highly recommend of you have a dog that fetches that you invest in one of these.  We bought the medium sized one, it might be time for the larger one as well.
8038	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible food!  Gave my puppy diarrhea. I thought it was stress related until I quit the food cold turkey and the diarrhea stopped. There is also been many recalls on this item be careful!!
Could throw all day with this gadget
1326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The ball makes this cute funny noise when its in motion.  I play soccer with him with this ball and he loves to play with it.  Great toy...I recommend it to all new puppy owners.
8843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this litter box. I've had so many different types of boxes and "systems" and now I'm back to the basic no frills litter box. Its a nice size; all my cats fit nicely and I have some big boys and girls! It seems a littler larger to me than the average "large" litter box, but I've never considered the large size of most litter boxes really that large (is it just me?) The inside is very smooth and with the clumping pine litter I use, nothing sticks to the bottom when scooping (which is one of my pet peeves!) You can't beat the price. Happy with my purchase.
5462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He's about 3 years old and sweet as can be.  But he still tears every toy apart.  He loves to retrieve tennis balls but I never thought an arm substitute would a worthwhile investment.  After all these launchers are for old folks, right?
2047	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I totally regret buying this! My dog, who is small, was able to immediately remove one of the ears and promptly swallow it. Thankfully she urped it up 2 days later. Needs much better stitching to protect our fur babies!
1141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is my 4th littermaid in about 12-15 years.  I've always found them to be great, but not very long lived.
7886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It was a gift.

7628	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely loves these Bones! They hurt really bad when you accidentally step on them tho! ;)
3613	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	UPDATE:
My 8 year old boxer who is an obsessive compulsive fetcher absolutely loves chasing after the Chuckit ball.
2011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent toy, very squeaky so my puppy loves it. It's also pretty good size so not small which I like and its overall very cute
I also have the Erratic ball, but don't recommend it as much. It certainly lives up to its name when it bounces around, but its awkward shape makes it more difficult to fit snugly into the Chuckit, which makes it more difficult to throw, meaning it doesn't travel nearly as far.
8139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love it
Some time ago, he, for some reason unknown to us, got OVERLY excited while riding in the back seat of our car.  This scenario was not unfamiliar to him, nor had anything occurred that should trigger this response.  Because of the high level (that's an understatement) of  his anxiety, we stopped at the next exit to a famous pet supplier.  Thank God it was nearby.  Our boy was so anxious that he refused to accept these tasty 'cookies' - something he's never done with any cookie, ever.  Being the good parents that we are, we did what any loving parent would do with their furry temper-tantrum friend...we calmly pushed a few of these tidbits down his throat, one at a time, according to the recommended dosage on the label.
6496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and a great price.  Much better than the local fish/pond store.
The belt does seem to loosen a bit by itself during the walk so I generally need to adjust it often. The adjustable leash is great for the dog, I can give him more leash when we are walking in the woods or tighten it up when we are walking on heavily trafficked trails.
2625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought Mr. Bill for my puppy.  Alas, puppy is far too young to have watched and enjoyed Mr Bill on SNL.  His reaction to the toy was a politely horrified look saying "What on earth IS that thing?" After it became obvious that puppy had no intention of ever playing with Mr. Bill, I took the toy into work.  Mr. Bill now spends his day wailing "Ohhh Noooo" as he sails back and forth over the cube walls.
9106	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves the scratching material in the middle but not the ball circle toy.
4646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs and my arm love it
1760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two dogs love this sheep dall. Poodle mix and shiztu.
2191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mr. Bill was a hit with our dogs, the oldest one loves it the best.
9045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat is more of a run-and-fetch + stretch-and-scratch girl, so she got bored of this fairly quickly. But she did play with it for a bit and occasionally likes to sit on it. And I recently found that if you drop treats or dry food in the track though, it makes a great food puzzle.
2318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Bostons LOVE this toy! Plus, its hilarious when they bite down and play tug of war as Mr Bill screams "oh no!" LoL very durable and keeps making noise even when being torn to shreds ;)

4256	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Our dog will fetch these, but if she catches a glimpse of one of the other types of chuckit balls- the rubbery ones- she will totally lose interest and only wants the rubbery one. Must feel better in her mouth.  They also won't wear out like this one does- they only ever have to be replaced due to losing them.  The tennis ball sheds its fibers and will wear out with time.

7873	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these treats! Limited ingredients so I don't have to worry about my dog but he loves them.
5483	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a dog that loves tennis balls - you MUST have this chuckit.  Trows the ball further and with less stress on shoulders and elbows trying to "chuckit" by hand!
9709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed. Delivered quickly as promised. Very pleased.
7888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our two 40-50lb boxer mix puppies LOVE these. Mostly because of the little nubs on them, I think. Super cheap compared to those in the store. We go through about 10-12 of these a year.
5696	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Too bulky and couldn't figure out how to use. It came with no instructions for so many straps.
9372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the longest lasting Kong I have purchased. My Belgian Malinois has chewed the regular extreme Kongs in half in a day. This one has lasted 2 months so far.
4657	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for daily use. It is easy to use even for weak throwers.
2027	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	German Shepherd approved! My dog *loves* this toy and it is surprisingly durable. I've bought him several of these, but not because he's ripped them. First he kills the squeaker in the body, then he keeps biting it until he kills the squeakers in the feet. But this can take a few weeks. Even though he loves to bite Lambchop, he has yet to actually rip open one of them. I just replace them when all of the squeakers are dead and it's dirty from being carried all over the house. He loves his Lambchops!
5855	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog hates these. They arrived and they are ridiculous huge. They are also pretty darn hard
4419	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works like it should. and best price i could find
8598	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog  loves these !!!
6891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love these flavors.

3952	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Labs are thrilled now that we are back to "chukit-ing" - endlessly.


7691	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a case of this food, my three cats' favorite, a few months ago with three other cases of other varieties. I had an experience with damaged cans in all three of those cases, two cases had cans which were so badly damaged they were leaking all over the other cans in the boxes.  Amazon quickly replaced those two cases, which was very nice, except I just opened the last replacement box, and the same problem, broken cans with such a terrible odor that I could not possibly even use the cans that were not broken. I saved the info from the bottom of the cans, BEST BY AUG 2017, 52371161 LA3751659. Since my cats have been Friskies fans for a long time, I will continue to purchase the product, but I'm willing to pay more to get cans that are sealed properly and safe to use, from my local store.
The Seller on Ebay was selling the one I bought with a "super charged" motor (which is in the electrical cord). It worked pretty good for almost a year. Apparently, unlike the "normal motor", the stronger motor kept it from resetting sometimes when it would hit clumps that were too big for it.  It would attempt to plow right thru which sounds like a good thing, but it wasn't. Apparently the gears and/or sprokets which move the rake along are made of plastic and within a year they were stripped. It started out making a spinning sound once in awhile but would eventually go ahead and rake. One day I came home to a god awful sound. I found the rake stuck right in the middle of the box, gears just spinning and making a heck of a racket. This was enough to scare away ALL 4 cats from the ONLY litterbox. Needless to say we had some accidents. 3 of my cats "recovered" and would go back to the disconnected box, but my 20 year old cat was traumatized and refused to use it. So I had to set up the manual box. I'm STILL working with her trying to get her to stop going elsewhere because of this.
Maybe my cat should watch Cheech & Chong movies... :-\
5351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this and so do I! It allows you to throw the ball super far but my favorite thing is that I no longer have to touch the ball after it gets all slobbery. This one holds a standard size tennis ball.
1673	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Our lab puppy is a medium chewer; compared to his puppy friends it takes him a relatively long time to finish bones and bully sticks.
4521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for those of us who can't "launch" a ball on our on!  This will definitely get your dog running because it flings the ball a LONG way.
2772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup plays with this toy more than his other toys
9256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food.  The value is great buying it on Amazon & I don't have to haul it home.
7755	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This 12-pack case is a great value and is actually about 20 cents cheaper per can than my local pet food store. It arrived very quickly at our house and only one of the cans had a small dent at the base. It still made the swoosh sound when I opened it with the can opener, so the vacuum was still good and the food was still fresh. Great deal, and now I don't have to run out to the pet food store after work every few days to pick up more cans. I can simply drive home to my baby puppy at the end of the day. I did notice that all my dogs have had softer stools with this food, but if I mix it with the dry food and feed less frequently they don't have too much of a problem.
5727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great to use to retain heat while paraffin is on your hands.
5289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great, and I need it because I can't throw well enough to give my dog a good run. She is much happier with my purchase.
6067	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I am very disappointed in this produce.  The folding petstep came and the box was not damaged.  When I took the petstep out of the box, the spting that holds the two sides, was stretched to the limit.  I read the training instructions and laid the petstep out on the floor, for my Newfoundlands dogs and I cut the heal of my hand on the ragged platform.  The petset was broken on the ramp portion and the broken edge was staggered.  This is really poor quality control!  Sometimes I wonder if pet companies have our animals best interest.
What a waste.
8355	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs weren't interested


2735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My papillon LOVES these! It is small but perfect for little dogs.
7500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's reasonably priced, has fair to good reviews on specialized websites in terms of ingredients so I thought I'd give it a try. I did well: my finicky cats love it and they didn't grow tired of it yet although they've been eating this for 5 months now (usually after a few weeks with other brands, the older one would look at me like "this thing again, really?" and he would walk away, decided to revenge later by stealing the food I am trying to eat).
1011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ever since eukanuba has been making cat food it's all i have fed to my kitties. from the kitten food on up i have had excellent results in terms of acceptance of the food to overall health of my cats. they utilize more of the food thus there is less waste, which is very noticable when you have 4 cats. their coats have a healthy shine and there is never a problem with dry skin. it's a bit pricier than most cat foods but, to me, it's well worth the extra money. i do mix it half and half with the hairball formula since three of the cats are strictly indoor cats.
930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful donut cutters.  Very well made and they work beautifully.
- Good for windy conditions (unlike a frisbee)
1134	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say about these. They work well with the Littermaid litter box and makes cleaning a lot easier.

8305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good Dog/Cheap, Better star rating then the High Priced Brands, Look and see.
2046	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I cannot express how much I love lamb chop! While I have gone through many a number, they are very cheap, and my dog absolutely loves them. This is her favorite toy. She loves chewing the string and after months manages to remove a squeaker and stuffing, and then I order another one. Normally I keep a back up one on hand for my Cavalier. I recommend this to all dog owners. While they may eventually get destroyed, they are every dog's favorite toy I've met. If you are skeptical, at least buy one and give it a try. Having them now as add on items they are even cheaper. Sometimes though they are on backorder because so many people are ordering them - especially around the holidays and Christmas. I've tried multiple dog toys more expensive and from PetSmart, and she always goes for this one. The only toy that compares is a Christmas gift for her from 2015 that was a mouse. Every time we play she must play with both of them before she is finished. While I have bought her numerous toys, this is her absolute favorite, and I recommend it for any dog. They also come in various sizes.
5124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size and feels right - the longer one doesn't feel as right to me.  This one I can park in my back pocket under my coat when we're done and/or I don't want the park warden to see it and know I've been letting the dogs off the leash!

6739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We just moved to a much larger home and our cat has been bored. I got it only one hour ago and he loves it! It came with catnip and little feet so it doesn't slide around. It gives him something else to do besides sitting on his cat tree.
The Beach Body kit and this kit as far as the containers go are nearly identical.  I am 99% sure that they are even made by the same company as the manufacturing marks on the bottom are identical as is the packaging (containers only).  The only difference between the two is that the Beach Body version has colored containers and lids, this one has colored lids with a clear container.  This kit also has a little healthy packers label on each container.  The size of the containers is also the same.
694	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't see how anyone has a problem using these nippers. Unless your hand strength is weak or your horses hooves are really dry. The drier hooves are on any animal, makes it harder to nip them, no matter how sharp the nippers. I can use these nippers one handed without a problem! Love em and plan to get plenty more soon.
5690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a bit pricey, but once bought, you shouldn't need to replace it. I found one at a thrift store for a quarter, but liked it so much that I bought one at full price for my daughter. These are gentle on the pan, and really get out all of the clumps. Mine has held up for years.
8427	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great when the price is right. Sometimes cheaper at the pet store. Cats love it.
1105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We had the smaller version of this box for approximately 15 years before it gave out and broke.  I loved it so much that I wanted to get another one. Due to the large size of one of our cats we decided to get the Mega one.  These machines eliminate order in the house and keeps our dogs away from the box.  Some clumping litters can have the tendency to jam the machine, but the few times to un jam it are still worth having it.  Make sure not to over fill it with litter, we rarely have a problem.
9268	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's a great and well-sized litterbox for most cats, but this is not what you're looking for if you need any sort of scatter control. Somehow I get piles of cat litter 4 feet from the box - raining litter. My next purchase will be one with a high back.
4019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality

5510	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.
4773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It makes playing with my dog much easier as I have a bad shoulder and this operates with a mere flick of the wrist.
2626	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy went crazy for Mr Bill when I gave it to him. It is now his favorite doy. It is super cute and this -oh nooo- drives him nuts.
471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have NEVER had a single flea while using this!
6444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a 7.5 year old cock-a-poo that has become increasingly finicky with each year that passes.  We have gone through so many different types from the very expensive to the not as expensive.  He is still a very picky eater but he is responding better to this type of dog food than the recent IAMS all fish type.  I had him on the all fish diet because of his skin sensitivities.  He tends to scratch a lot; the itching is a lot better with this brand.
5646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the greatest invention since the ball. Anyone can throw the ball major distances with little effort. Saves the old arm muscles. Our Lab, Belle, loves it. She loves to play ball and could go for hours. We get tired long before she does. But with the chuck it we can keep up with her. (well almost). Great product, sturdy, easy to use, fair price. I would definitely recommend this product if you have a dog that loves to play fetch.

7563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this, and I love the size - it's easy for me to use with regards to portions.  I didn't know that a decent 6 oz size was out there.  Also, this food is on the dogfoodadvisor.com as a 5 star food, so I also have the bonus of feeding my dogs a good meal.  Yes, it is more expensive, but as they say - you get what you pay for, and I think this is worth it.
For years on end they were infested with fleas.
Best of luck to you and your kittens!
9165	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My fur babies have eaten this for years & loved it...I love that it doesn't contain any meat by products or any nasty stuff in general, lol & Amazon's price is excellent...however, I can't for the life of me understand why they messed with the original formula. It went from a nice, smooth pate with gravy to a loaf style with a nasty gel & now my cats barely finish it. Half of their bowls still have food left in them & before they licked their bowls clean. I'm so disappointed. I really hope they change it back but until they do, I'll be switching to another brand which I really didn't want to do. :(
1876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i bought 2 for my dogs and 2 for my daughter's new dog. they all love him and most of all i love him. i have posted on fb and many of my friends bought him too! ooohhhhh noooooooo  lol
I just wish you could pick the color. Who in the world would ever go and knowingly purchase that ugly green?!?!??!
This has worked on my cat for 10 years

I am not sure if the bag we received is expired or what, but it concerns me. I'd love it if the seller would email me.
6669	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My kitten could care less!


7045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat loves it
If anyone knows of a better system, please let us know or post a review.
9212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a male tiger Tabby named Fat Jack and this giant litter box is exactly what he needed.

8124	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy LOVES this food! We mix it in with dry food and she gobbles it right up. It comes in great packaging too. The cans are super durable and are easy to open.
555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well made perch which attaches easily and securely to the cage. Shipment was fast and item well packaged.  Liked the perch so much I ordered two more.
1169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Do you have a pile of used litter at the very front of the pan?  Most likely if you are having problems with this product you've put too much litter in the pan.  If you don't think that is the case your little kitty has piled all the litter in the front.  My little darling was doing this to the pan for weeks before I figured out that I needed to use less than the recommended amount of litter.
6032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Jake
6079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my 150lb mastiff, it took about 15 minutes to convince him to walk on it but once he did he loved it! Feels very sturdy and stable. I am definitely happy with it
567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought 2 of these perches, they are the right width for my cockatiel and the length is perfect also.
3304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Worked so well; I did not even have to use the remaining dose available in the packet. Thank you!
1967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	She's a 6-lb chihuahua puppy, it's almost as long as she is, and she just loves it. She always picks it first from her toy box when I sit down to play with her.
8757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Twice the name brand product for way less than the store...even with memberships and coupons !
4668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great and hold a regular tennis ball
Thank you!
2322	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Probably my dogs favorite toy.  I think it reminds her of another puppy.
MAY BE OK FOR A LARGE DOG...NOT A LITTLE ONE.
173	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my husband to BBQ. This is our 1st silicone brush. We don't realize it can hold that much BBQ sauce. We were considering OXO brush but this one is on sale. We have been happy with Mario Batali's product so we decide to give it a try. ( We have Mario Batali pizza cutter and dough cutter )I think this is a good purchase and will recommend to anyone. It holds up sauce good and easy to clean.
Pros:
4872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog likes , nice in compact so I can put it in a small bag and carry it
1130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these years ago I had given away and then recently bought another one.  Initially, it was a big mess as some other reviewers have experienced - the litter would stick to the bottom, get stuck in the rake, just make a gunky mess and nothing would help - I used silicone spray, cooking spray, took the rake off, etc.  I knew I didn't have these same problems with the Litter Maid before and *finally* I figured out I was using the wrong litter.  I was using Fresh Step clumping, which I used in my other boxes, but after reading other reviewers recommendations I switched.  Now I use Tidy Cat Scoopable for multiple cats (Walm@rt) and it works fantastic.  With one cat, I dump the waste 2x a week - it's takes less than a minute.  A different litter has made a *huge* difference - even the clumps in the receptacle dump out easily, very little left sticking to the inside vs. the other litter.  I know Litter Maid also sells their own brand, but I you don't need to spend the extra $.  Spray the interior of the box and the rake with cooking spray, then put your Tidy Cat in and do not overfill.
1000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, thick padding.  Fits a CZ 455 LUX with a large scope and rings permanently attached.
8051	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have an English Bulldog puppy who is teething. She loves her stegosaurus! The only problem I had is that she managed to bites it's little head off within 48 hours of getting her toy. So if you have a dog with strong jaws, supervise them during use.
6314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog must think this is a treat instead of his normal dog food.when his other food runs out this will be his only food.
7363	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Despite assurances from several people at Wellness, the formula for this product has changed, at least for the last 6 cases we have bought (in separate buys) , with an expiration date of 12JAN17, with different "MWCP" lot numbers. Basically, the food is mushier and softer than it has been for the last several years. Up until now, our dog has been doing very well on this food.
4343	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Be sure to notice that the number before the letter (12m) means the length in inches. I didn't know this and was disappointed in the size. They gave me a refund though with no hassle even though it was my error, really. This made me very happy
7992	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's not just me who loves it, but my cats do too! It's a great wet food. People who have cats will understand this sentiment: this Savory Duck Chunk wet food is a cleaner meal than any other wet food I have ever given my cats.
But everything else is all positive. My dog is 8 years old and it was getting more difficult to jump up on the sofa, he would get stiff a lot and have to stretch before moving and he didn't run as much and couldn't walk very fast either.
8339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a pocket blood hound, and he loves these.
2222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was my puppy's favorite toy! Sadly departed after 3 months (I'm surprised it lasted that long...)
2778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best toy ever for one of my Yorkies. I love the design allowing one to pull velcro apart and insert a new squeekie when needed. Can buy replacement squeekies here.
Price is very competitive with pet stores in my area.
7770	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	12.00 for 12 cans is NOT a good deal.  Is this a mistake?
2939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Although missing an ear (was in the way of getting to the squeaker), this toy is still around and pretty much intact after a few weeks. My dog carries it around with her, rotating it with a few of her others as the favorite of the day.
5405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a crazy lab mix that is obsessed with tennis balls. We had a smaller version of the Chuckit, which worked great until we lost it. We recently replaced it with a larger version and BOY can this one really launch my balls!! Its great cuz now that she's gotten older she's faster at chasing them down. I really like how it is sized for tennis balls too because my balls are constantly getting destroyed. But, ahh, such is life...
5824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	all of my dogs love these, though I can't say for sure if it's helping with joints
8970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food. Specifically in the chicken and herring flavor. He's not a fan of the other ones. He's been eating this for over a year and his coat is beautiful and he has a ton of energy. I had to switch him to wet food due to feline urinary tract disease, and I didn't like the special food the vet tried to put him on. He's been doing well on this.
We really liked the results and the dogs look forward to their morning "treats" because they apparently taste good (although I haven't tried them).
7075	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love the flavor.
4808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great and saves the arm
354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This seems to work well for our big dog.  Apparently, it's activated by movement.  Has taken care of fleas all summer last year, so we bought another.
1322	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	and he tore through this toy in no time. I give it a 2 because he really liked it before he broke it and maybe I could have taken the ball away from him when he was gnawing on it. But, he's a little dog; a dog toy should be able to tolerate the jaws of a little westie.
5407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a large Airedale terrier which is a dog with a very high energy level that requires more exercise than most dogs. The Chuckit is the best invention ever because with this I can throw the ball so much further than I could without it. My dog loves this toy so much and I am able to wear him out on a walk (which is the goal). I would recommend this product and I would buy this product again!

1989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves Little Lambchop!
328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well made. Recommend. Medium is like an extra large on my 8 pound chihuahua.
6092	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Try as we might we couldn't get our old dogs to use it.  It freaked one of them out and the other one still had enough gumption to jump in the back of the car.
2195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great price
6553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Turned my rotty into a nutjob...he was a normal puppy before he had this stuff...now he's always on the hunt for food...
1106	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Over the years we have owned a couple of these and this model by far has been the best.  Yes, it does get a little gummed up in the corners beside the rake, but in my experience owning 4 cats, this sure beats emptying litter boxes daily.  I would recommend this to any cat owner that is tired of daily litter box duty.
4505	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These Chuckit! Sport Launcher toy by Canine Hardware are awesome for any dog who likes to run and loves to fetch. These make throwing long distances easy and gives your pet a long distance to run. Super fun and interactive toy for you and your pet, however I wish that they would make the ball a bit higher quality. We did not have any issues while playing fetch, however my dog is a chewer. While not playing he still loves to chew on his ball, and he chewed through this large 3 inch ChuckIt ball like it was butter. Lasted less than a day before it was cracked in half and destroyed. Our dog is a pit/shepherd mix and so he is fairly rough with toys. I wish they made these balls more solid so they would be more durable. It was an easy fix though, and we just bought a solid rubber 3 inch ball and use that instead now. Definitely worth the money though. We went looking for one of these in our local pet store and they were selling them for three times the price! Wow! Worth the wait to order it on here.
9066	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good size for the price and good packaging. Nice that it is limited ingredients. Much better than store bought bones.
321	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected.
9756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great stuff
1826	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My border collie had for about 5 minutes before she chewed through 2 of the feet that had a wool like covering and started to pull out the stuffing.
6170	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It worked!  I just removed my first tick.  It was from my son's calf and it worked just fine.  I bought mine at my vet for only $5 so you may want to check your vet or walmart/cvs first.  But it's a good product.  I'm going to buy another and put one in each car.  With dogs it's especially useful because it's harder to take tics off of them.  I have not yet had to use it on one of my dogs yet.
7372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab/golden cross loves these dino bones! He prefers it over any other toy, and Amazon has a great price for them.
After a month I was so sick of trying to get this going at the correct times that I ditched it for the "PetSafe 5-Meal Electronic Pet Feeder". It is much better.
Also, it's not really a 6-day unit - it's a 6 *meal* unit. Each tray only holds up to 1/2 cup. Since my cats (normal size) eat 1/3 cup per meal, I must set the unit to go off twice a day. I can't imagine this working for a large dog. And, since the sixth compartment is perpetually open, you can only set it for 2 1/2 days in advance. Not much help for vacations.

9967	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just what the cat ordered. she will spend hours playing on this thing.
5469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just wish I could have picked the color. Anyway, this is a must have product for exercising your dog... as long the dog brings the ball back to you. It can be a LONG walk to retrieve it!
2975	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The frog and duck toys held up so well that I decided to get the teddy bear (it is SO cute). Poor Mr. Bear doesn't last a day. My dog is 12 pounds and it is so incredibly easy to chew the limbs off these guys. My dog gnawed off the leg of one of the bears so we bought him a new one (what were we thinking?) He gnawed off another leg. We duct taped it back on and he gnawed through the duct tape. Cute toy for small pups if they aren't big chewers but my dog is just determined to eat this thing.
5334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What more can you say, this launch is amazing for the price and durable. The Chuckit! allows you to effortlessly throw a ball easily 75 yards or more with minimal effort. This is great for those dogs who love to run far to retrieve and humans who don't have a Nolan Ryan throwing arm.
9739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Apart from temptation cat treat this is the only product I feed my 3 cats. Their coats are so silky and healthy.
9722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food.
5520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	we had to replace our old chuckit cause we lost it and didn't realize how much we and our dog missed it.  best purchase ever!
5206	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it


9712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these (and the other flavors) and I buy them regularly. They're great for training and as an everyday snack. The best part is that they're grain-free, which is perfect for a dog with a grain allergy. They're perfect size for large dogs and can be broken up for smaller dogs. My cats even enjoy nibbling on the fallen crumbs. I feel good about giving them these, too.
358	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Chose to return and go back to Trifexis and a tick puller.  I didn't use it but the people at the dog park I go to say it only lasts about 5 months.
6622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy loves this product.... he is now being weaned off of it as he gets older.
9542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Expected them to be slightly larger as they are advertised as Extra Large. Our very large dogs do love to chew and carry them around so the Kong reputation is safe.
8412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This paper is great!  It is a good weight and the color is SUPER bright!  I will be ordering again.
2181	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my third one of these dog toys, and that alone should tell you my dogs love it.

1784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves Lambchop so much that I had to order another one.
1596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The zipper works well.  My kitty fits well in it.  He is a big kitty.  He is comfortable in the bag.  When I am carrying the bag, it is comfortable.
851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love Jellycat stuffed animals.  They're all very well made and a great size for little arms.  The material is super soft and the designs are awesome, I really love dragons so this one was a no-brainer (for my daughter).  His horn and spike tail are also very soft!

1098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	What else can insay
1260	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs love.. glad they don't have calcium in them ..
Good toy!
357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Assuming this works as described, it feels like a winner to me.  I just put them on two dogs who spend a good amount of time outside.  For eight months of coverage, the price of this plus a heartworm med is very favorable over Revolution.  It works very well, but I hate the chemical odor and the greasy feel of their coats, and I'm not nuts about the price tag of Revolution.
This is my second delivery of this order and I keep having the same problems. The cans are badly dented, like about 80% of them are. This time around though I had to actually throw multiple cans away because the cans were damaged to the point they were no longer safe to feed to the cats.

I have owned Season 1, 2 & 3 in DVD, plus all the episodes I have taped from Season 4 to 7.  I cannot find any evidence of inhuman behavior or forces as described by some viewers.  Pinning the dog down is the most "violent" I have seen but even that, Cesar did not use force or tool, he was only making the dog in a laying down position.  In face, Cesar has been bitten quite a few times!!  And the touches he uses are for correction, if that's really hurting dogs, I am sure the dogs would have attacked Cesar already.
3975	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	IT's a dog ball thrower- what's not to like?
7104	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is probably good food. My cats hate it.
8909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat LOVES this new toy I got him.  It was the best $7.99 I've spent on him in a very long time!!  I sprinkled the cat nip provided around the middle and he really got after it!  He used to scratch ONE chair of mine and that has reduced by at least 75% since giving him this toy.  Also, he LOVES to play with the ball! It's great because, although I taught him to fetch, I don't always have time to play fetch when he wants to and wit this toy he amuses himself by batting and chasing the ball around and around - he stalks it and when the ball finally comes to a complete stop, he pounces on it! LOL :)  I plan to order the other attachments for this toy in the near future!!
3492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used these when I went on vacation with my two boxers.  Love these mitts.  Your hand touches nothing!  Nice and large as well.
9281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	pups love these, last a long time for hardy chewers
6193	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! I have two cats that bring home ticks all the time. This product gets all of them! No matter what size the tick is, I always get that satisfying "popping" sound of the tick coming out, head and all. The v shape of the ticked off keeps the tick contained until you take it out, ensuring it will not crawl away before you can dispose of it.  Yes, it works on humans too!
But this stuff kills them- for one application, for an entire month.  Easy to use but the little applicator is a teensey bit confusing, do read the instructions.
7822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOL  I see I'm not alone.  I found out about these treats when my UPS man left one for our new dog and she LOVED it!!!!  I actually called him this morning and asked what brand the biscuits were because we wanted more.  Sure 'nough, when we woke from our nap, here was a package with a note written on it telling us this was the product.  I am so glad they are made in the USA and even happier that our dog loves it so much.
7612	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price with flavors that my cats love! Will continue to purchase.
6107	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No assembly, flip open and use it.  Works on my Toyota mini van, fold up when done, and lift using the built in recessed handle on the side.  I am a guy and can carry with one hand like butta

1151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great for my cat's litter maid auto matic litter cleaning poopy box!!
4960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this Jr M size.  I have been using these for my dogs for almost 20 years.  I like this short version better than the standard length.  This size DOES use regular tennis balls.  Any of the Chuck it products that say M use the standard tennis balls.  I bought 5 at the add on item price to donate to a dog shelter.
2185	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I just had to have one of these after reading the reviews. My dog loved it for the day that it lasted. Was cute but sound box is now broken so didn't really last very long. I'll let her play with it until it's too grungy and I toss it.
9476	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	No more cat litter outside of the box. It features a Sloped end that allows my 16 year old cat very easy access to the box without being an issue for spillage. He is a happy kitty, and I am a happy "person who cleans up after said kitty!!" Seriously, a good product, especially for a multi cat household. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
1721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought several of these. Hands down, my dog's favorite toy. It's very soft and has 5 squeakers in it. The face and back feet are made of yarn, and the rest is fleecy. Be careful to supervise your dog so he or she does not eat the yarn.
426	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Fortunately for my cat, I took this off when I saw her with very low energy level and came here to read the reviews. I purchased one for my dog and took it off after 1 week! OMG this company is evil. Bayer also make chemicals that kill honey bees. They don't care about your pets; they just want to make money.
6535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My big (15 lb) kitty loves this! The only problem is he is so big, and this is light, so he flips it over easily.
9761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these are larger than some other pans and at least don't have any ridges in them like my others do,but the normal size high sides you can order are smaller than these pans, but if you have some big kitties these are wonderful.
5387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German Shepherd loves this, by far his favorite toy. It is ideal for large breed dogs, since there is the potential choke hazard with the medium sized Chuckit, especially if the ball is wet from damp conditions.
1855	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves these lamb chop squeak toys.  They have a squeak in each paw, and in the center.
4525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love it!  No slobbery hands now.
4603	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Poor Quality Ball, it split in half at the seam in less than 2 hrs. use.
3369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Needed some for my cats. The price was great! I'll definitely buy again. Keeps down on the population of fleas and makes my cats more comfortable.

224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product exceeded our expectations. It's even rather handsome, is fairly sturdy as long as some angles are preserved, is heavier than anticipated, and, of course, allows for any number of configurations to fit odd openings. A very good value for the money.
3517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've ised these for years. Top notch.

3362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For my cat, the older formula advantage seems to work better than their newest one, and my cat seems to tolerate having it applied a little better, too.
3771	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? it's a poop bag & it works. I like the double sleeve at the bottom; it makes the job a little more civilized.
7687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats really enjoy these. Reasonable price as well. Will buy again.

5323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Can't throw a tennis ball without it. Took a few times to figure out how to launch but it's great to get your dog to run far. Great exerciser. The balls that come with it are great too. Bright and easy to launch
6440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The first thing a noticed about this dog food was the bag. Finally someone has designed a pet food bag that is easy to open. Yay!  The food itself has high quality protein, prebiotics,  and omega fatty acid for a healthy dog.  Our dog loved the taste!
5081	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Best investment for our dogs!
7255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bullmastiff approved
Then, I started thinking about maybe it was something she is eating, even though I've been feeding her Ceasar for a couple years and thought it to be a "good" dog food.  But after researching what was in Wellness dog food compared to the store bought stuff, I couldn't believe I was feeding her that stuff!
286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy as pictured
871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog suffers really bad allergies and while the source is not readily identifiable, we've been doing our utmost in trying to give him some relief.  One source has been a tea tree oil shampoo (made for dogs) which drastically has reduced his itching every time we give him a bath.
1278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The thing makes noises as it rolls around and drives our dog CRAZY - barking and growling and high centering take place everytime our dog plays with this! It's a bit large for a puppy (hence the high centering) but once they get some size, it's perfect!
4519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is great for not having to pick up slimy tennis balls but I would recommend buying the more durable rubber chuck-it balls with this if your dog likes to chew on the ball, they last for a really long time!
1212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My downstairs neighbor bought one of these for her cat, Zipper, about eight months ago.  My tortoise shell, Lotta, who stays downstairs daytimes while I'm gone, fell in love with it, so I bought one for her birthday four months ago.
It is also important to use premium litter. I have had best results with "Scoop Away" litter. Scoop Away worked better than Tidy Cat Scoop or Arm and Hammer Scooping litter -- the granules seemed to be a bit larger so clumps did not get dense and stick to the rake. I have never tried the Littermaid litter. I have never tried or needed to use silicon spray or Pam cooking spray to make the bottom of the pan slicker as suggested in the owners manual.
Hope this helps with your buying decisions.
This saves your shoulders from tossing that ball for hours, its easy to clean. keeps your hands off those icky slobber balls and it took over a year of my little puppy chewing on it to destroy the first one. the second one i've had for 2 years now (we keep it out of the dogs reach when not in use) and it looks almost brand new.
1221	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I should have read the reviews before purchasing.
Fido will thank you.

1536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying the Avalanche "Note Nook" pocket calendar for myself and each member of my family for 4-5 Christmases now.  We all love the pockets in the front of each month, for storing play tickets, birthday cards for months down the road, or as I use it, for keeping shipping records for my Ebay purchases and sales.  There are so many different design themes that will appeal to anyone.  I just wish Avalanche would bring back the zen Asian motif though.
6994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best <4>cats><mine><
2460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great
6136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this ramp because it does not weigh much, is shorter than most ramps. I have a older model Honda CRV and just fits on lower ledge. Any wider and it would not work for the back doors. The rubber type ramp material is really good and there is no slipping as I read on other ramps that had sand paper type anti slip. I also can use in my bedroom for my dogs to get on the bed.
As a professional dog trainer, I still live with my family members who are decidedly not dog trainers. Our toy poodle was essentially house-trained when I was home, but because my teenagers and husband were oblivious to her subtle signals that she needed to go out, she ended up peeing in front of the door, because nobody was letting her out. So, I got the Lentek Door Chime, and taught my dog to use it, and now no more accidents because she is signaling in a way that everybody can hear. We also put the pad outside so she can signal to come back in. Everybody is happy. Now I'm getting another pad for upstairs, because we still have oblivious teens and hubby....
8264	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have a 1200 gallon pond and 6 koi. one is a 2.5 ft butterfly koi and everyone else is around 14 - 18 inches or so. they Loved this food. I am no longer a fan.
6773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When these are on sale at $10.75 they are cheaper then the grocery store. Also, these three flavors are the ones my cats like the best.
4585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and exactly as described.

2728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup loved it ,and the squeaker lasts forever. To wash, I take the squeaker out, then replace after dry. Had no problems.
6056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This ramp is fantastic!  I'm glad I spent the extra money to get one that is sturdy.
7088	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is cheap crappy food.  I only bought it because my cat came from a shelter and this is all she would eat.  Now she is thriving on healthy wet food from Wellness and Weruva, and dry from Orijen, Wellness, Purevita and other superb brands.  Read the ingredients;. Do you really think a cat needs grains and fillers?
8777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this toy for my two mini Schnauzers two Christmases ago. Even though it isn't a favorite toy,  they do chew on it occasionally. For it being over two years old, it's in great shape. The toy is heavy and made to last.
Every once in awhile it will get a jam in it and you have to use the tool to clear it. But even with that infrequent problem this thing has made my laundry room 100x more bearable.
6973	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats love this food over the more expensive cat foods.  The cost was slightly better than the good ol local WM or WC.  I was going to do a subscribe option for this, but the price jump of over 6 dollars shot that idea down.  I'm going to be looking for cases of single flavor here on Amazon.

7882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice food.
8603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Five stars because my cats love this food.  I'd give it zero for myself because every single can was badly dented!  All 24 cans were bashed in.
MAX CAT is manufactured by Nutro Products, Inc. of Franklin, TN. I wonder if they have a squirrel flavor for consumption by kitties living in the back woods.
2631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Takes a licking and keeps on squeaking
3053	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I use this mostly when we go to a store and I want to have both of my hands free.  Or I use it in the house if for some reason, I want her to stay with me.  I find it easier to just carry the leash for our walks, but I suppose if I worked with her and taught her to use it for a jog it would be good.  We just haven't spent the time to do that.  I also used it when we went camping so that I could keep her by my side.  It's a decent product and is nice for hands free leading.  I would probably buy this again.
Since the second listed ingredient on the can is chicken broth, my guess is that they have increased the amount of that in the mix, which increases the already large amount of water and is effectively, a price increase.
4648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Excellent for smaller spaces.
9363	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Even though I like it, because of the ingredients and size; our kitties are not exactly thrilled with it.


8898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't tell you how wonderful it is to find a litter box with lmost completely straight sides again. YAY!  Those molded, decorated, fancy litter boxes are just too hard to clean if your cat pees close to the side (clumping litter) you actually have to dig it out and it falls apart. Yuck.
8547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog that eats the same LIT Dog food by Natural Balance loves these. Really glad to have them. The other dog fight for them, but they are special for the one dog.
5931	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this. Reliable way to portion our cat's food when we're gone.
I have an 85 lb. yellow lab and after a few tries with treats and on a leash....she got it quickly.
We've gotten Nylabones for our dog before, she finally chewed through the puppy starter pack we got, which was no big deal because she's continued to get bigger and become a more powerful chewer.  Reading the reviews on this I saw that people love this for powerful chewers but after our dogs experience with it, I disagree with anything positive that's said about it.

1492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my nephew. He adores the purple zombie and it is a "carry everywhere" toy. Shipping took awhile but that was to be expected.
1957	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This was my puppies first toy when we got her, unfortunately she's been through 3 already. She rips the face off and spills its fluff everywhere in minutes. Can't recommend this toy sadly.
511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs say thanks for the quick delivery. I cut them up into bite size pieces to make them last longer.
I took the time to write this because I wish I had known this information years ago and feel very guilty I haven't done better as a parent for my little loved ones, so I'm hoping this helps you make better decisions now.  Anyway, hope this helps and FYI here are the complete ingredient lists for both foods (notice where the fruits and vegetables fall on the list for each food):

4459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Save your shoulder and wear out you dog instead.  These are great tennis ball launchers.  If your dog likes to fetch, you gotta get a Chuckit~!
8542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Perfect starter box for kittens....Love the size.
987	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was a great product and a great value.  I would recommend these, as a dog lover. they were gobbled up
455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SUPER expensive, but it works.  Without it, I was picking 30 ticks off doggie.  Now she comes home with one or two.
4811	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	great price, but not as strong feeling as the ones in stores or the one I already had

5357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these! On our fourth one.  Dog has chewed the others up...blame the humans for leaving them where the puppy can get them.  They DO save your arm though and are easy to use.  Chucks a ball nice and far...hours of entertainment for our lab puppy!
One of our cats like to dig his way to China when he covers his stuff.  I was worried that the scratches on the bottom of the pan would cause more sticking than normal, but a generous coating of Scotchguard keeps things moving along in spite of the battle scars in the LitterMaid.
8024	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Subscribe and save delivered dented cans last delivery. They were replaced when I complained with more dented cans.  I did not bother to complain second time around. It happened a few years back but all was good until now. If it keeps on happening, I'll probably cancel.  This is a premium cat/dog food and I'm paying top dollar.
3136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy! She insists we play fetch with it every day. It's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover :)
2103	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lamb chop is perfect
Very excited about the upgraded as i am in the business of training puppies.. well done.
1942	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My 4yr old border collie male just LOVES his lamb chop, I'd give dog like ability of you a 5* rating.  Samson has dozens of toys and he likes to pic a toy for the day.  Lamb chop is that toy 50% of that time, until, I had to take it away to the hospital for surgery(meaning, I have to sew it up).  I gave Samson this for 2015 Christmas and he loved his lamb chop instantaneously.  The reason for the 2 star rating?  It's for the type of material used for lamb chops face and front feet.  It's made out of a knit, sock like material that tore very easily.  Samson does t tear up his toys anymore.  Though he does play rough with them.  He had lambchop less than 2 weeks when I noticed the first holes in the knit material on one foot, soon holes in the knit material on its face followed, soon after that, the other foot developed holes.  In less than a month the holes in his face knit material had multiplied to point stuffing fell out. That's when I took lambchop away.  Oh, after first hole in lambchops face, Samson found where the insidesqueaker was and was working towards it, so I reached in and removed squeakers.  I'm sad that they used such a stupid material for its face and front legs.  Usually when a seam copes undone, (which is usuall the case when his babies need to go to hospital), I just get out some upholstery thread and a needle and sew it shut.  The way this knit material is, I'm at a loss as how to repair his toy.  This toy would make an awesome baby toy minus the squeaker but a lousy puppy toy or any dog that has teeth and actually plays with his toys.  Obviously whoever designed toy with this knit  material hasn't a clue about how dogs play with their toys.  I wouldn't recommend this toy to any dog owner due to the knit material tears so easily, even with normal play. I found another lamb toy that Samson just loves, it's one of kong' s lambs.  After a couple of months, the face seam did come apart but was easily repairable.  This toy is too difficult to figure how to repair.  Usually when I repair a toy, it does t come apart again where I repair it.  This toy though, I know that knit material will keep tearing.  Funny thing is, Samson has blunted teeth, they aren't sharp, so it makes me wonder what would happen with this toy with a dog with sharp teeth....
4386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this.
1295	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my older cat and now have gone back to a regular plastic box. It is just too small for turn-around room, thus he urinated several times on top of the box and ramp, with urine leaking in between the space where the ramp connects. It is difficult to clean although I used premium litter. I wish I'd paid more attention to the negative reviewers and saved my money.
Random: also, we have had a few (CLEAN!) bags go through our washer and dryer accidentally, and they were still totally fine to use, unlike the thinner bags, which have gotten shredded / melted in the past (yea, we should really check our pockets before doing laundry).
5563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	More robust then knock off's from big-box stores, hands never get wet from the dog slobber...worth the cash.  Will buy again when it gets worn out.
1587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What do  I really need to say.  We plugged it in and it worked. Guess that is all there is.
5964	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to like this feeder, but I don't. The main problem is that you can't program it, you can only set it to go off EXACTLY 6/12/24 hours from the time you turn it on. So if you want to feed your cat at 6am, you better be around at 6pm or midnight to enable it. If you don't use this every day and always have it turned on, this becomes a major hassle.
3862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product, but my dog started pulling the fuzz off and eating it, so I had to give them away...if your dog's not a fuzz eater, they're great for playing catch and much more durable then standard tennis balls.
1304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these units from Amazon. The first i bought back in maybe february and it's still working perfectly in september.
1313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I finally found a great product that is easy to apply and does a great job on my dog's ears
8146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fussy puppy gives thumbs up (so to speak). What would it be? Dew claw up?
747	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good planner
3538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gotta love the 2-ply!
4709	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy ball thrower!
2076	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So cute. Lots have this so i bought it for my dog.so soft
6561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My koi are little piggies and there are some really small ones in my pond that cannot get the normal pellets in their mouths.  So I bought Hikari mini pellets so the littler ones could get some of it.  I have had my pond for 6-7 years and this is the only brand I feed them.  The pond stays clean because there is less waste.
6042	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this ramp to help my two 60lb bullies get in and out of my SUV because, being that I am pregnant, I am no longer able to lift them. This ramp is VERY sturdy and thoughtfully well made. There is grippy rubber on the part that the dog walks on which helps them feel steady and allows them to easily go up or down without sliding. There is also rubber on the part that rests on your bumper to help prevent scratching. My only complaint is that it is still fairly heavy and bulky for a pregnant woman to be pulling in and out of the car a total of 4 times for a simple trip to the vet. However, I am still happy with my purchase because, although it's bulky and heavier than I'd like, it's still well made and is going to last a long time.
BOTTOM LINE:  This will likely work for the one trip I anticipate needing it for, but I doubt I'll have it for long.
2726	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap for the money. Not like the typical indestructible product

704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Decent option.  Had to turn down the sensitivity for the shock, as it did really scare our 15lb Minpin.  I think she learned quickly, though!
9864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite litter, and have used it for a long time.  No odor from the litter box in my house!
Not well recommended.
6894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought a good supply ahead and I am glad I did. The cat adores me and can continue to adore me for months ahead. No more fast trips to the store because the cat is out of food!  LOL!
Last thing I'd like to mention is the ease of use and portability. Usually when a batteries dies, I'm scrambling to find the right external charger but not with this product. Just keep the Aukey in your car and you will always feel secure when commuting. It's very easy to use and I typically pop it in before hitting the road or at a red light. The fact that it's a Universal 3 port charger, is the by far the biggest selling point of this device. Very well thought out and designed charger.
Conclusion: If you like to fetch, this is a great device for your parents to buy. They will be able to throw the ball farther, and they won't wear out as quickly. Plus if they are "old" they don't even have to bend over to pickup the ball! They can use the Launcher as a handle and press the cup onto the ball. Nifty. 3 out of 4 stars because Rottie's are not big on fetch.
I used to check them everyday and use the flea comb
9381	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. My dog loves them
One other "advantage" the cats didn't seem to mind it as much as some other prodcts. And- it works.

6267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Excellent quality dog food for my senior dog. Highly digestible.


In order to throw successfully, i need to be standing up and follow through. It works great. I'm buying some more balls (including one that glows in the dark) to keep my dog well exercised.
1996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	New puppies love this toy.  I should of gotten two of them.
5224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best thing ever for my 9 month old GSD and my weak throwing arm.  I  finally have a way of tiring him out.  This is by far his most favorite toy (and he has alot)


230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can find my lab in the yard at night. Very lightweight and he can wear it with his regular collar.

We started buying in by case online because frankly, it's cheaper. If I can save $5.00 per case and have it delivered free, this is for me. Works great for Amazon Prime members.
UPC:  6-60048-06900-6
2285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He's still alive after 9 months!
Last year we simply used K9 Advantix II each month and without fail, every month during those last 10 days before the next dose, we would find ticks on my dog's face.
2511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very fast delivery. My dog loves this toy. I love it too. Reminds me of the old Sat. Night Live.  Funny!

541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A well made product which provides my birds a different surface to walk on and chew

4219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Honestly one of the very best toys for my crazy cattle dog. Cant leave the house without it.
1491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have an older dog and I was please to review the ingredients were just what I would put together to feed him.
6309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Been using this and the puppy version since my dog was able to eat dry food. He loves the soft chunks and eats them up right away!
4323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Better than expected.  I can launch the ball much easier and farther than I can throw it!
4501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price, great quality product!
3848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs love them
141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
5139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves to play catch and this helps tremendously. As a puppy it was ok that my throws didn't go too far, but now that she's older, she enjoys the run. This helps relieve some of the strain I put on my arm and now it takes a bit of time for my dog to fetch and return. By the end of our session she is a tired and happy dog--- I get a bit of peace and quiet until she re-energizes.
6209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My gerbils love this food!  Just not sure why it is so expensive here on Amazon.
780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves em', if he's happy I'm happy!!!

261	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats suffered with fur balls until I bought Petromalt.
3653	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the only thing to trust your dog's poop with!
6430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R34E812UQY8ORS" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1NLEGojxyS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/918uFBx4p1S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little toy! My cat, Patrick, loves to take his frustrations out on it. The plastic is sturdy, and the ball has some weight to it which I didn't expect. Its definitely not a ping pong ball. It also came with a bag of catnip which was excellent. Great buy! Id recommend!
I recommend.
4174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs can't get enough of this chuck it! There's a little bit of an art to using it effectively, but it's really a fun toy for the dogs.
1161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I've used these for about ten years and I keep a spare on hand because it is just a machine and it will eventually wear out, although I've never had one fail. The receptacles are expensive and difficult to clean, but there's a way to keep things clean and a receptacle can last a year or more. Just purchase a box or roll of 3 or 4 Quart trash bags. Try both to see which suits you best. Then simply put the bag in the receptacle, fold the sides and ends down and put the receptacle in the machine. When the receptacle is full just take out the receptacle, remove the bag with its contents, tie the top in a knot to contain the odor, and put it in the trash. The receptacle remains perfectly clean and can be used until it falls apart. This method has probably saved me many hundreds of dollars over the years and takes all the mess and cleaning out of the process.
5882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my hips are getting better day by day--sweet dreams have i at beddy bed time
909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved these bones.

1303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice extra to have if you have cats, but not all cats will use this item.  My mother-in-law actually purchased it for her 2 cats and had it for a couple of weeks and her cats just did not like it at all.  She passed it along to us, our 2 cats at the time used it without any problems.  We have since gotten a kitten and she uses it as well.  I recommend getting the cover that you can put over it, makes it not look quite so ugly.  It is NOISY!  If you put it somewhere in your home that is far enough from bedrooms at night it's not so much an issue, but beware that if you are a lighter sleeper and have it nearby you will hear it in the middle of the night.  It waits about 10 minutes after the cats use it to turn on and scoop their mess.  It also won't go on if the cat is back in it at the time.  The little containers that the mess is scooped into are pricey, we reuse them several times instead of changing them each time we empty (which is daily).  This saves quite a bit of money.
2800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	For some reason my Yorkie loved this bear. I have to get her a new one. She tore it apart finally. I wish they had a medium size instead of extra small and large. Even a small would be good to have. This was her favorite stuffed toy ever.
3854	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	OK, I have a second job to support my Malinois.  She is 75 lbs of energy.  I have used the chuckit to keep my sanity and the ultraballs generally hold up well for a few months of daily play.  I saw these and thought they would be similar.  I am not straight up telling you my dog put her paws on one of these, grabbed it with her teeth, and ripped it in two in 2 seconds flat.  Subsequently, each ball was shredded and dangerous within a few throws.....for a large aggressive dog these are worse than tennis balls which everyone knows are bad.  So Chuckit company gets blessings for keeping me sane by extending my throw and wearing the dog out after equivalent of 1.5 miles sprinting (her not me).  Vendor gets 5 stars for delivery and there was nothing false about the advert per say.  However, IMHO, Chuckit should basically say, "If you dog is comatose or edentulous and ways less than 10 lbs, this is the ball for you......everyone else spend the money and by the ultra ball.
8595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent


57	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As described
8113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say, seems like good food and the fish like.
3478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These doggie poo bags are awesome! Thick plastic. Keeps odors in. Worth every penny!
need I say more?
2409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The boy loves his sock monkey.  Within five minutes, it's eyes were gone.  That's a good sign he likes it.  I like it because so far that's all he's destroyed.
One of my cats started losing weight a few months ago, and I took him to the vet, and she couldn't find anything wrong with him. He didn't have energy, and he kept losing weight, and eventually he quit eating his food. I didn't know what to do so I switched to a different brand of canned cat food and he started eating again. He started putting on weight and of course I ended up discussing this with my veterinarian. She said that I was not the only client who reported problems with Wellness food. Other people reported that it made their cats sick, throw up or lose weight.
5324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves ChuckIts, and this is no exception. The shorter length works best in smaller yards and indoors. If used indoors, I recommend using a softer ball to prevent property damage. I use this with the rubber ChuckIt, rather than the conventional tennis ball.
The Jr (now called 18M) is perfect for active small dogs or medium dogs, and when you lose the ball that came with it (and you will when another dog runs off with the ball), the Jr will fit regular tennis balls.
4185	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this! I'm currently pregnant so this is a lifesaver when I play fetch with my dog. I don't have to bend over too much to get the ball and it isn't strenuous for me to throw. Pup loves it!
8668	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog  loves it  keeps her busy.
6294	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
5996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these feeders.  I bought a second one because they work so well and I got a second cat.  The 6 spaces are large enough that if i fill them full there will still be some left for the next time it rotates through, meaning it will last longer than just one rotation.  I don't think wet food would work.  Maybe for 1.5 days.  The little ice packs just wouldn't be large enough or insulated enough to do the job much longer.  But I highly recommend these for those who travel a lot on weekends or for short trips.
So, nutrition-wise, I think this food is good but not great.  Two of my three dogs eat this readily.  One is less impressed and will sometimes pass this food up.
5664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First Impression: Someone gave me the Chuckit Ball Launcher as a gift. It seems to be for lazy humans. Fetch is not my favorite game, so we don't use this toy very often. However even Mom can make the ball go pretty far with the device. For the most part I just look at her like "Why did you throw the ball way over there?" then she goes and gets it for me. Don't get me wrong I like to chew on the ball... But why should I retrieve it? I'm not a retriever!
1441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This Peacock is beautifully made and absolutely stunning. I bought it for a child, but I was tempted to keep it for myself!
1907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and I love Mr. Bill....however, she chewed him up very quickly. I salvaged the voice box and it still works. Oh Nooooooo!
9356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My red-nosed pit bull 75 lb puppy loved this food, and not only that but some of my finicky cats also enjoyed it, which says a lot. The kibbles were small, which I like, and dark in color, and smelled really good, good enough to attract the cats! Now that says everything, right there!!!!

5877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dogs love these, they're a great little snack for them to munch on and having the glucosamine in them is a bonus.

2706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought one as a gift, after seeing how much our Yorkie loves it (hours playing fetch with it, and he "hoards" it and takes it to bed).  Then I bought one as a back up.... and then I bought one of their yellow duckies.  I am very impressed with their sturdy stitching.
1029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These days the new vehicles come with USB ports and even HDMI ports. Our minivan fits this profile. However, the USB port is inside the glove compartment, and in the back, very convenient, right? This Aukey USB car charger is a life saver for me to say the least. I have used other chargers in the past, but nothing compare to this three Port (36w/7.2A). Before, there always seemed to be a competition in our van on which device got to use the one or the two ports charges that we own. This problem is now history.
2867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	You cannot go wrong with Kong.  My mini dachshund loved this teddy bear.
7026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy it here for convenience. The cats love it.
4179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my mom and she loves it! She has a high energy dog and this lets her throw the ball a lot farther for longer. But be careful, you can't always tell where the ball will go and she's slung it out of the fence a lot
9392	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best puppy food we have found. No diareaha, digests good, love it delivered to the door.
Terri
No surprises this year- all ticks kept away from the Seresto collar. We didn't have an issue with fleas either. I'm quite pleased! Especially satisfied with the lack of smell that is usually associated with a recent application of topical preventative.
Fits normal sized tennis balls

5300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Boston adores a game of fetch.  If you buy this, make certain to also get the 3-pack of extra balls. The ball that comes with this launcher is similar to a tennis ball.  It was destroyed very quickly. The 3-pack of rubber balls are much more durable.
6228	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this litter.  Why?  Mainly because it doesnt track all over my home like the clay and sand-type litters do.  At the end of each day I dump the entire box into the outdoor can.  I pour approximately one inch of Yesterdays News into the box eac time I empty it.  I have three cats, so I have to dump it every day, but I find this much easier than scooping.
6479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Koi gobble it up!!
6376	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	ok
9274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
6619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my 2 holland lop rabbits, it is easier to find than rabbit litters and still paper based for their safety. doesn't track through house, absorbs urine well and helps control odor of their very strong ammonia urine so I only need to dump once a week (they have multiple large boxes all around to easy litter training as they are young) they took to it no problem and will only urinate in the litter now.

936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them and even though they're made in China, appear to be of good quality or at least I've never had a problem with them. But here again they are made in China, which always makes me a little nervous.
I like this toy!  Hes cute as he can be.  I just wish Mr. Bill said, Oh No!
7466	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it and our diabetic cat retained the movement of his legs after switching to this food from dry food.
2219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The upside is my small dog just loves this toy. The downside is he can take it apart easily. But it is fun with 5 squeeze horns.
5538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We own a dog daycare and use Chuckits every day.  Easy to use on 2 acres. The dogs get a great workout.
3710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Compare to regular plastics, those are thick enough for my daughter to scoop up the thing without acquiring the poop odor on her fingers.
5302	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works good
 SEE MY LAB LOVES TO FETCH TENNIS BALLS, ESPECIALY WHEN THROWN WITH THE CHUCKIT  ON TO THE GARAGE ROOF  OR PATIO ROOF.  HE RUNS ALL AROUND  THE GARAGE WATCHING FOR WHICH SIDE THE BALL WILL COME DOWN AND  BECAUSE HE IS TRULY A RETRIEVER FOLKS  HE CATCHES IT AND BRINGS IT BACK  TO ME  HE GETS EXERCISE
7110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our cat loves this stuff.  She is typically a very picky eater but can eat 1/2 a can in 5 minutes.  It was priced almost the same as my local box stores but I could order from the computer.  I did not like how it arrived to my house though.  About 1/2 of the can were severely dented.  Luckily, none were so badly dented to the point of actually being open.  I don't know if this was a fluke or if they sell of their dented cans.  I may reorder again when we run out and see how the next batch arrives.
7571	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Having it delivered is wonderful!  It is difficult for me to haul heavy items in from the store and this is perfect for me!  Price is comparable to the store I shop also.
1793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pomapoo puppy loves it, so I love it!
2937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My toy poodle loves this toy! She has the frog as well as the duck.  She played with it so much that she wore the squeaker out.  It is very well made and I will continue buying this for her as a birthday present or a Christmas present.  There are so many toys on the market for dogs that when I find the one special toy my dog will play with over and over I like to have spare toys on hand in case the manufacturer stops making the toy.
47	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cesar is truly a genuis of what he does.  He has the ability to get the most misbehaved dogs and rehab them to get them back to being great companions.  The only problem with the series that I have is the story is almost always the same.  Aggressive dog, Ceasar comes and teaches the owners to be better pack leaders, thus dog becomes less aggressive.  I would love to see more episodes focused on other problems besides aggressive dogs.
1807	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My 15 pound dog loved this toy....but, within minutes the face and rear feet were running and picked being caught on her teeth or toenails. The sock material is extremely thin. I repaired it multiple times but finally gave up. A replacement was sent but I had the same results. My dogs toys usually last years as she is not rough on them. It would be great if the  face and  rear feet were the same material as the front feet or even a heavy sock material. I used soft material and covered the rear feet. I haven't done face yet.
9872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We are foster parents to cats and kittens. Many of them have colds, these flavors and in pate have appealed to the cats and kittens.
5363	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Convenient size, I can sip in my jacket collar to free my hands for his collar, and my walking stick.
506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves these treats, our trainer calls it "puppy crack" ;)
7284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of my cats will eat this! One threw up the chicken pate, but both are fine with this turkey pate so I was happy to find a grain free wet food they would both eat. The price here easily beats my local Pet store.  I also feed them Fancy Feast classic chicken pate (which is why I thought the chicken would work, but you never know with cats lol). My cats have happily eaten the Wellness grain free indoor dry food for years now, which is why I decided to try this brand when I decided to upgrade to a grain free wet food. I've only ordered once so far, but no cans were dented and the food looked just like the trial cans I had purchased locally.
5150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome for being able to toss the ball that much further.  I don't like the smaller size but med & larger work great.
3554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these bags. Work really well and are quality
754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it.  It fits in all my bags and at home it stays right by my chair.  Love, love, love it
*I use it for an extra feeding when I work long days(12+ hrs) - but I am not sure I'd rely on it alone for a long weekend, but seems fine for an overnight. I prefer a live person to check in on my cats and apt anyway when I'm away.
5292	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can throw much farther with this thing. I got the 25M and am quite happy with it.
1392	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very nice, pocket great, band to hold it together.  Everything I needed.
7579	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Interesting idea, but my dog didn't really play with it.
5881	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Before I started giving my dogs the treats, my oldest gal Nikki, was very sluggish and rarely active.  Now it's like she's 5 years younger.  She comes over when I fixing the dogs meals.  She waits for her treat at night.  She has even jumped up on the couch which I haven't seen her do in over a year.  I will be buying more in the future...
2466	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Brought this for my pup. But I think its more for me. Very cute.


1699	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of Riley's Favorite toys

8649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So far this is one of the only dog toys that has lasted with my dog.
214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Great product.
2487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy was so much fun! My dog leaned quickly how to make it say "Oh Noo" and just loved pressing it. The sound did go out after a few weeks, but I think that's because my dog likes to chew, but he still plays with it and it's still all together.
I bought Kong Squeaker 3 inch ball works great!
4529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A classic.
If you are thinking about buying an automatic litter box I would suggest you buy the Scoop Free instead of this one.  With the ninety-day money-back guarantee you have nothing to loose and I believe you will not want to return it.
2303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup loves it! He used to carry around a squeaky sock monkey all the time when he was little, but my dad ran over it with the lawn mower. But this one is bigger, sturdier, and he loves it just as much as his old one! I'm definitely going to buy from Multipet again in the future!
All the Chuckit! Ball Launchers come with Fabric Tennis Ball. Do yourself a favor - order a pack of the Medium size Fetch or Rebounce balls made of rubber. The tennis ball lasts about 15 minutes of play before the ball is snapped in 2 and the fabric is coming off.
5720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I ruined my Oxo Good Grips coffee travel stainless steel mug through putting it in the dishwasher.  It was my favorite, because of the push button (push button, open, press again, closed) system that prevented leaks. I noticed how expensive it would be to replace the Oxo, like $30.  I then ordered several popular stainless steel mugs.  My criteria--had to be 16 oz., stainless double walled for keeping the coffee hot for hours, and a leakproof design, no handle, and be inexpensive.  I have been through dozens of mugs that did not hold up, or the lids get lost, so I had a cupboard shelf full of inoperative travel mugs.  I have tried the ones with the flip open tops, where half the lid opens, unfortunately the lid is right up to your nose as you sip.  One I tried was this one from Bubba Brands.  The shape has a good feel in your hand,it holds 16 oz. but is not "bulky".  The lid is a simple design--a flip, snap cover over the drinking hole that then snaps down, out of your way as you drink.  Being new, the flip cover snapping into place is a bit hard to do with one hand.  I think that will loosen a bit with use, hopefully it will be a long time before it is loose enough to leak a little.  But the seal seems very tight, and the coffee stayed hot for hours, (even with the hole uncovered).  For the money, and I paid $13 (it is closer to 16 in other colors), and the beautiful lilac color, I am satisfied.  This thermal mug feels substantial, not bulky, and all of it is very simply designed and easy to clean.
7547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My senior citizen kitty is very finicky. I try to keep a vairiety of food on hand for him and Friskies is always a good bet. Being able to purchase it on Amazon is very handy as well, and cheaper!

1698	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My furbaby loves his Easter Lambchop!!! It's great quality & has squeeker- in each paw & a big squeeker in it's belly! He is older & doesn't use the squeeker- but loves to snuggle with it & guards it from his sister doggy who wants it so bad because of all of the sqeekers!! LOL!! I think I'm going to have to buy her one of her own, LOL!!! This would make a great gift for a child, or furbaby alike!! 5 Stars!!
The fact that this is an add on item and came fairly cheap is that much better.
5459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	How could this not get 5 stars. You know why you are buying it. Wish my dog didn't like to chew on them if I leave him in the yard unattended. :)
6516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Both my tabby and my himi love this - they much prefer the incline to a flat scratch box. I only wish it was a bit more sturdy as at the bottom it's came apart. Yes, I could fix that by glue/tape/etc but it would be best if it didn't come a part. That said, I'd buy it again and recommend it as well since both cats use it frequently. No wasted money on this one.
4095	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	high quality solid balls
4196	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this, hard to learn how to throw with it but when you do well worth your money
It ended up working out okay, because my dog loves his new bear.  So far it's held up well, and he plays with it daily.  The only reason I gave this listing 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the misleading picture.
In addition to this experience, last summer when my ailing cat was doing poorly, Wellness changed the formula of their Signature Skipjack Tuna. It was the only food he would eat near the end and, thankfully, I was able to find one more can of the old formula locally before he was put down. A close friend went through a similar experience with a formula change with her blind kitty. Neither of us will purchase Wellness again. It's too bad because I believe their food use to be of good quality  and many flavors are very palatable. But with disagreeable formula changes and dangerous quality control issues (and not much genuine help offered from the manufacturer) we are done. Especially if you have animals with special needs, I suggest you look elsewhere before your cat is dependent on a particular flavor / type from this brand.

The littermaid with all it's flaws is still the best product.
8559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.
3497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the thickest poop bags I have ever found, and the have the extra covering at the end to make the job less disgusting.
if you have a large cat this could be for you; my cat is only 8 lbs so it's too big for her.
I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation.
How come???
7740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good for powerful chewer
8381	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Too hard, dog ignored. Other reviews say their dogs cracked their teeth. Would not advise.

233	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like this collar a lot, as I end up walking my dog after dark quite often. The collar looks pretty sweet and improves our visibility a lot. My dog gets really annoyed if I put the collar on either of the flashing light settings and will pretty much give me the stink eye until I fix it. I also feel that the collar is very soft and not particularly sturdy. It feels like it could come apart and ravel easily. I don't attach a leash to the collar, as I always walk on a harness, but I could see attaching a leash to be a problem with the collar breaking. I am satisfied with the product, I just caution others to know the limitations of the collar.
Do not waste your time and money on this product.  Stick with the regular litter, you'll be glad you did.
8972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the product
699	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed
1805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time purchasing this toy but the first time online. It was just like the previous toy no difference. My dog loves this toy and it cracks me up every time. Doesn't sound like it's saying "Oh noooo" but your dog will get a kick out of it.
6865	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Connectin has made a big difference in our dogs' mobility. And they love the taste enough to lick every last speck out of the bowl every time.
Because it's random, we got a brontosaurus and a stegosaurus. Our dog chewed the heads and tail off the stegosaurus, so hope you don't get that one....brontosaurus still going strong!  Hoping for a t-Rex next time.
8781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it.
3420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	As strictly related to shipping, it arrived several days late, which causes me concern with a product that should be kept in a controlled environment. Amazon shipping is usually spot-on, but this was not one of those times. Frustrating to wait for something that we needed for our pets. So I suggest ordering ahead of your actual need.
2171	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We first came across one of these cool "Mr. Bill" dog toys when we were visiting family in another state and their dog had one. We both fell in love with it and, while we don't have a dog ourselves, we have purchased several of these as gifts. They are so much fun and are honestly the best stuffed doggy toy ever! Loads of fun for the dog and their humans love it just as much. Of course, it is a stuffed toy so, depending on your dog, you may end up going through a few of them. This will crack up all Mr. Bill fans and probably even those that do not know who Mr. Bill is. Absolutely adorable. "Oh NO!" It's Mr. Bill!

128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A very well balanced spatula that is strong as well as flexible.
  EVERYONE who touches my Golden is blown away by her incredibly soft, gleaming coat. Several weeks after my friends switched their four-legged family members to Propac, they discovered their dog's coats were likewise transformed from dull and dry to soft, luxurious and gleaming as well. No more flaky doggy-dandruff either! This is not my first dog and she surely won't be my last. I am very pleased to have discovered Propac High Performance and I will always feed my future dogs this quality product.
4563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs favorite toy. I just wish she didn't want to chew the plastic!
3361	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I started walking my cats outside at the beginning of summer, so I knew I had to have some flea protection. I hadn't had them on any flea prevention for at least 3 years because they were strictly indoors. Prior to that they would go outside on their own and I used frontline. Frontline seemed to stop working after awhile. I switched to revolution, but that is extremely expensive, especially when you have 3 cats. My only reservation about using this product is that it doesn't kill ticks, just fleas. Even so, I thought I'd give it a try because I figured that I would be able to feel a tick on them as they are always climbing all over me and I'm constantly rubbing them. So far, so good. No fleas or ticks and it doesn't stink nearly as much as frontline.
6350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very good stuff, cat loves to dig in it
6022	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Sorry, but my dog just didn't like these at all. He just sniffed them and turned and walked away so I have to defer to his opinion.
7837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Wish they were just a bit bigger. My pit bulls go through them in 2-3 months. But can't complain bc the price is great for the time I do get out of them.
2731	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 75lb Belgium Malinios goes through these rather quickly, that's why I buy so many.  She will de-fluff them but likes to carry, their, "carcous," Around and lay with them. I collect the bodies and replace every 3 months. 
6242	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good nutrition
7105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have used Nutro for many years and have always appreciated the quality of their food and treats. With an 11 year old siamese I recently changed to the senior line, I was pleasantly surprised she didn't seem to have any digestive issues with the change over
2672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cute toy, no stuffing at all.
2291	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Soft and my doggies love it
9140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	puppys like BUT had the monthy delivery scheduled to save 15%, but after 2 months of subscribtion, science diet raised their base cost by 15% so it is no longer any sort of a deal and will cancel subscription.  I am a breeder and have 10 dogs to feed and this is now much to expensive.
1349	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great combinations of treats.  My cat is partial to seafood, so I thought I would try these.  She absolutely loves them.  I have gotten her to do little tricks to get them.  She will sit up and meow.  She will jump up on her dresser and lay down.  She will sit and say please
69	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I am disappointed in the quality of these.  They have significantly deteriorated in just a few uses.  I am going to stick with using foil.
3955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dachshund loves these. They're the perfect size for his little mouth.
I know my puppy loves chicken. She's not a fan of fish. I didn't realize the food would have a fish smell to it. It smells more like fish than chicken. She ate it for a while, but most times it was hard to make her eat it. She'll eventually eat it bc she got hungry.
9522	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best nylabone out there, my dogs are not on their 15th one but watch stepping on these suckers in bare feet, its like a lego only sharper.
Makes playing more fun.
5429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the absolute greatest.  Launcher will last forever if your dog doesn't eat it.  The set comes with the tennis-type ball.  My dog chews the cover off the ball pretty quickly but he is very perseverant.  Replace with the Ultra Ball.  I wouldn't like to see the dog that can destroy one of those.
2273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All I say is, "Where's Lammi?" and my dog freaks out looking for his stuffed toy. He loves this soft lamb and spends hours cuddling it, tossing it in the air and chewing it's feet. Whoever decided to put squeekers in all four paws plus the belly of the lamb was a genius. I don't expect Lammi to last very long as he's already missing his tongue, three squeekers have gone silent and his nose is slowly unraveling but for now, it's my dog's best friend. Oh and the pics you'll get of your dog and Lammi are pretty darn cute too.
6364	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This food is cheaper for a reason. All three of my dogs got diarrhea from the first can. I also had the same problem with ordering wellness dry food from online.
We get the duck, chicken and lamb. Our dogs have no digestive issues being served a different variety daily. Made in USA, bonus.
3770	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great idea--I first used a similar-ish (if that is a word) product when living in Japan.  There, trash is sorted most particularly, and dog poo was to go in 'burnable' trash.  Rather than using grocery type bags there was a nice product with a burnable plastic and paper lining.  Very nice, but a little small.  Even with that drawback I found myself missing those bags and once again resorting to grocery bags once we moved.  Not good for the environment, and just not good in terms of quality.
9379	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these.  I carry little bags of them in all my pockets!!
4308	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous!! My dog LOVES this toy and we use it every day!
I loved this Chuckit! Ball Launcher so much that I recently purchased a Chuckit! 24". It uses the same size Medium ball and it can really send the ball  flying a long distance.
1552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved these bones.
9821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this as an every 6 weeks order. 20  lb dog loves it and does not cause intestinal issues. Price paid (around $26.00) is a significant savings over regular retail stores plus don't have to haul it home in this never-ending lousy Midwest  winter!

4984	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this
2703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great, small squeak toy.  Our doxie hasn't been able to tear it apart or "silence" the squeaker, which is quite unusual.  I would recommend this product to friends.
if you have small hands, buy the light weight one, i can't get a comfortable throw on the ultra grip
P.S. The Frontline is still working fine on the outside cats.
8679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My fur baby needed these for allergies & really loves them.  This is a very good price compared to the pet stores.
I think with the help of their website you could achieve the same thing you would with the 21 day fix.  I see no reason to spring the cash for the name brand product.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
6054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for the pool, move kayaks, car use.  It's a sturdy ramp! My dogs feels safe when walking on it.
7919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these treats and since they are not chicken or beef we love giving to them. For skin and stomach issues we have switched our dogs to duck and salmon food and they are doing so much better. Perfect treat. They sit so pretty to get it!
9074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	LIKE IT BUT DUE TO PRICE HAVE SWITCHED OVER TO ANOTHER TOP BRAND.  I AM A BREEDER OF FRENCH BULLDOGS AND HAVE ALOT OF PUPPYS SO PRICE IS ALWAYS AN ISSUE
8858	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like that they have limited ingredients compared to other treats. I break them in half to reduce calories throughout the day.
4335	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have two of these! Dog loves it. My favorite part is that you don't have to touch the slobbery ball.

Getting that center unit snapped back into place is another issue (at least with my unit): You need to VISUALLY LINE UP the little "tabs" onnthe bottom of the center unit in relation to the holes that correspond in the bottom portion. Then press really hard and evenly and hopefully it'll snap back  into place. This is, for some reason, not a simple process on the feeder I have and is frustrating in the fact I feel I have everything lined up perfectly and i cannot get the unit to snap back into place. It seems to be a trial and error - maybe it's just because it fits so snugly.

some thoughts:
4921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This small size is perfect for my 3 year old. He can pick up and throw the ball easily with this without hurling it over the neighbor's fence or whacking himself, his baby sister, or the dog with it in the process. I was worried that the medium sized balls might be a bit on the small size for our Lab but he doesn't seem to have any trouble with them. What could be better than a Labrador and a toddler that are too happy and tired to get in to trouble?

96	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs love this stuff.
3811	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a product that lasts but is used a lot by me for my dog
because it was recommended to me and you can't
2850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We just got a new puppy that is just over 1lb and it is the perfect size for her.
75	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this set about two months ago and never got a chance to use them, needed a white elephant gift last minute so this is it.  It was a hot item for sure, my receptionist was the final winner and she said she's amazed at how soft the bristles are.  A great little set that's affordable and makes good gifts.

2860	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Did not last more than a minute
9919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price, Great product
9463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy LOVES this food !!  He goes crazy for it...thank you!
My dog is a bit slower than he used to be. But he has no specific pain problems yet. He gets these in a dose less than the full amount on a rotating basis with other types of treats.
2420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it! This is the second one I purchased for him and its machine washable.

5606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves playing fetch and doesn't tire quickly so this was a life saver for my arm. I definitely recommend!


2463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	"OH NO MR. BILL" our 4 1/2 month old Rottie loves the doll!  I have had to perform surgery on the hand, but other than that, great soft stuffed animal toy.  If he likes a soft toy, he tends not to rip them to shreds!
2190	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable!  Just like Lamb Chop :)


After two months, they still have no fleas.
1558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful color.  Just as expected

I think it's "OK", and three stars correspond to that.
I have years of dog training experience and I recommend this for all dog owners. I do not however recommend you use this to train your dog to fetch. that is not the purpose of this product. so make sure your dog is trained first otherwise your dog is gonna have a lot of space to be possessive with the ball. This Is The Midwest Man! See Ya!
7125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats enjoyed this food a lot!
1634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great little pump!  This is my third one but for other uses...  only had one quit and that was after 12 years!
7965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Before this year, my cat never used to be picky. He wouldn't touch most dry foods and would only lick the gravy off of the wet food, wouldn't touch pate. I was starting to really worry about his nutrition until I found this food for him. He loves the duck chunks in gravy from Nutro only, won't touch other brands' duck cat food. I will be buying this product again.
1078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had three kittens and they mad one hell of a mess, litter always kickied all ove rt he floor. useing this helped a lot to keep the litter where it beliongs. I still had a little out the front but only the first 6 inches or so. where before litter was in all directions. I will buy ans I would rcomend to anyone to buy this product.
1734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy!
after years of digging and scratching around in litter
6593	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finally one they will eat, at least for now! They do so much better with actually eating the pate.
2623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought this toy for my Golden when he was 7 months old, it was a lot of fun for him while it lasted, maybe one month.
6601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great savings!
The sellers need to realize that many pet owners today are well-educated, intelligent and constantly researching ways to give our pets longer, healthier and happier lives.  Were tired of spending our money on pet foods that have given our pets kidney failure, diabetes, hypothyroidism, obesity, etc., and that have cost us not only in dollars and cents with veterinarians, but in the quality of our pets lives.  Sometimes, we have even paid with the loss of a beloved pet.
9488	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food. Comes in many flavors and gives her the right variety.
2569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	What's not to like? Says "oh no" when you squeeze it. Confuses the dogs when they make it speak, and annoys my wife when I squeeze it over and over. Quality is pretty good, has outlasted many other toys.
2386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy. It cracks me up everytime it "squeaks".
FACT: Doesn't it make more sense to rely on your voice from the get-go to mark a command or a behavior instead of the sound of click-click? But that's clicker training for you. So, unless you are mute or have three hands (one to hold the clicker, one to hold the treats, and another to hold the leash), there is no need for a clicking device.
In other words, the Pet Food Police.
4028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality toy, makes throwing the ball for dogs very easy and effortless, especially for those with disabilities, elderly, or even children.
2215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	just gotta love Lamb Chop

3790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very easy to install, works great and nice looking. Keeps clean unlike nylon or other fabric barriers.
4054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice, but you could probably get regular tennis balls that would work just as well.
8854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was worried that my doggo didn't like these at first try - he was reluctant to take it from my hand, but I think that is because he had never smelled lamb before. Now, he gets excited to see them. They are certainly part of his biscuit rotation now. I often give him a biscuit with a little bit of coconut oil on top.
5368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is thrilled that I got this toy for him. Now it's just my job to make sure he doesn't run himself ragged!
2843	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Very small
This model (26L) works well with tennis balls.  They are a little smaller than the ball that comes with this launcher, but they work fine.

4621	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My german shepherd dog would do ANYTHING for me to break out the Chuckit! and take him to the park. He's highly energetic and needs regular exercise...but my arm would wear out before he would. Then I discovered this beauty and now we have a happy puppy AND a happy owner!

I'm assuming it's the fish. So if your dog doesn't like seafood, don't buy unless you have the money to invest to sample it.
1178	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The receptacles I got with my first Littermaid (for multiple cats) were very flimsy. The replacement box of 12 (as shown) I got afterward were also flimsy.  This did not stop us from reusing the trays over and over.  It doesn't make sense not to, but eventually they get pretty brutalised from removal and reinsertion.
Best of luck to you and your kittens!
3203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I give 3 of these to my dog in the morning before I take her to Doggy Daycare or any other time she's going to ride in the car. She used to throw up every time we drove somewhere. After we started giving these she stopped. Forgot them one day, and she threw up like she used to. I'm 100% certain these are what helps her. Needless to say this product is a must for us now.
2774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Small but cute! Perfect time for my 3 lb puppy!
1333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 7 lb. toy schnauzer who totally LOVES this ball.  Its big for her but there are holes in the ball and she puts her teeth in there and can carry it all around.  She will even at times lay down with it still in her mouth. She doesn't want to give it up.  She will play for hours with it. She has tons of toys and this is her second favorite out of all her toys.  Her top favorite is the babble ball.

  I thought that by purchasing Littermaid Brand they would be made properly, What a disappointment... Let me explain,
9491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Came early and my kittens loved it but got tired of the same one flavor.
6202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this tick remover!
3620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Work well.  Box makes it easy to pull out for use.
8415	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	If you are tired of lugging around huge bags of food or not able this is not a bad deal. Our dogs responded well to the food. Did not over or under eat and looked and smelled good while they were eating it. If you are looking for really small kibble this is an excellent choice because the pieces are tiny. It does probably cost a bit more than it would off the shelf, but the convenience is great.
9530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	ok for the price
1652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Heavy materials used throughout. Nice that all flaps can be opened for viewing in or out. I would buy again.
7541	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy loves them!
Great service too!
2793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size for a tiny pup.  My puppy loves it. It got here fast too.
3536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Been using religiously for the past 9 years....nothing else compares
3595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't mind the little bags that come in rolls for small dogs, but they aren't substantial enough for our two large dogs. I also don't like bags that you can see through. It's bad enough having to carry a bag around, but I don't want to have to look at the contents. This plastic is thick enough to feel secure. I have been using these off and on for several years and have never had one break or slip and get my hand dirty. And as a bonus the bottom of the (empty) bag can be used to give our dogs a drink of water if I didn't plan ahead and bring a dish.

4997	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love the launcher, but the ball was destroyed in 20 minutes of chewing.
4724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My medium size male yorkie absolutely loves it! I never seen him so happy lol, just make sure u use it on big open spaces
608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ok
My boxers will often lay on them as well. They have not torn apart like many of the other plush toys they have. Both my boxers have soft mouths and are great with plush toys but most toys sewing comes apart easily with their big teeth and I have a list of brand I won't buy from if they fall apart within a week. If your dog destroys most toys, a plush isn't worth giving to them anyway. If your dog doesn't like squeakers get the bigger version of these. I own them as well and wrote my review for them too. Love them as well!
3415	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I put this on my cat 4 times over a 4 month period. (He is a healthy 3 year old) Each time, he reacted more negatively than the time before. Last dose, he acted as if it was stinging him, and he was aggressive and in a bad mood for 2 days. I looked up information regarding counterfeit flea meds and although the vials do have the right wording--the epa # on the vials is one of two epa #'s that have been counterfeited. I am not taking anymore chances with the last two vials. I am throwing it out. Guess I will have to buy from a more reputable source in order to feel safe about this.
7207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A little big for a small dog, but product was fine
4853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and collect the ball from the ground.  This will also help you throw a ball much farther than you could normally.  Great product.
1974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Chihuahua already loves its plushness and it squeaks easily. It's the size as her too so after playing with it, she sleeps on it.
We started buying in by case online because frankly, it's cheaper. If I can save $5.00 per case and have it delivered free, this is for me. Works great for Amazon Prime members.
8597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good size treats, and it is nice to have the limited ingredients option.
8071	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these treats. Wanted to eat the whole bag.
7805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product for good pups, even not so good pups.  Price was right, packaging was good, cans were intact, not dented, as were the turkey/sweet potato adult cans (24 of them).
2398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great dog toy. This is the second one we have had and my puppy loves this more than all of his other toys.
3539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these thick bags make picking up warm poop and little more manageable.
The PetSTEP ramp has a wonderful rubbery texture that makes it easy to walk up and down for a dog.  It is a bi-fold ramp versus a sliding accordian type, but it needs to be for as sturdy as it is.  It stows nicely in the back seat or propped up against the wall in the garage.  The material on this ramp alone makes it worth the price!
1768	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I was so excited upon receiving Mr. Bill due to the reviews I read, but the Mr. Bill I received does not have a nose :(  Did they not see it before they mailed it to me?
8284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat used to like it but no more. :-/
Strongly recommended.
- deal with any clogs or blockages that build up on the rake right away.
Pass this one up.
I took the Littermaid to a repair shop and they knew immediately that the gears were stripped because they'd seen it before. They said they couldn't repair it because they couldn't get parts.
Dog loves it. Gives her a heck of a run.
465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product works  good. Very  pleased
7320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog was the worst eater. Walked away from everything except treats but this...he loves and barks for more. Will reorder other flavors also.
2932	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A

- good sturdy plastic
She is OK.  My local pet store recommended MAX CAT.
9385	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I need to add this to my review I wrote before.  The cat food is fine,  but Amazon can't meet it's obligations to send it when you subscribe to Auto Ship!  Two months now it's 'not in stock' and I have to go out and buy it.  And if I didn't check my account I wouldn't even know.  No notice that my cat food isn't coming.  NOT cool, Amazon.  Don't get too big, customer service is your bread and butter.  Take better care of loyal repeat customers.  Here is my first review where I gave it 5 stars.......I have 5 picky cats and for once, I found a food they ALL will eat!  I like that it's not full of nasty stuff like byproducts and animal innerds.  it's guilt free to feed to my darlings.  And the price is very good, too.  Nothing else to say, it's good, healthy food for them and they EAT it.  I'm happy with it and I have the auto-delivery so I won't run out of it.  Thanks, Amazon.
8664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's big and its sturdy. The sides are pretty high, no more litter all over the floor!

2810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy

6815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	definitely catnip, definitely bubbles.  wish the cat liked it as much as i do
6624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GOOD PRICE!
3050	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Normally, I like using typical nylon and retractable leashes for my French Bulldog - who is really strong - but after surgery on both my arms, my surgeon told me I couldn't use a normal leash for almost 2 months. Even for the 7-block stretch where he drags me like a maniac to the dog park, I was able to better control him on this leash.
4641	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Without these launchers I would need my arms amputated.  They are incredibly useful.  You don't have to touch slobbery balls or risk damaging your arm from throwing too much.  The ~25-26 inch lengths are the ones that most people probably want.. you don't have to bend all the way over to reload. These make playing fetch so much easier and more enjoyable (for both me and my fetching obsessed golden retrieve)
2674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, thank you!
8528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchase this for our new puppy. She loves it! Small pieces and is ok on her stomach.
7063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1NR5V7X5F7IAV" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1f5r9iVOoS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51jidkYSzCS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is your Cat on Kookamunga Krazee Kitty Catnip BubbleZ.
5402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have three corgis and now three chuck its.  Those little guys go crazy now, when we pick it up, since they love retrieving so much.  Excellent product for my purposes.
5687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased it for my sister and she liked it a lot.
4800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ok
252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great, and the kittens love it!
6275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog really likes this food. It's the only brand we've ever given him (he's 1.5) and he's never had any illnesses.
8003	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I read the ingredients and found that it is basically garbage. I purchased this because it was supposed to be healthier than other options, but in reality it's just as bad. I was mad at my vet for recommending it until I learned that they pay to have veterinary schools teach that it's good food so that vets recommend it. Now I'm just mad at the Colgate-Palmolive company that uses unethical business practices to peddle this junk.

After about 2 months, it just up and quit!
6603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Use it for my rabbits litter box and absorbs a significant amount. Way better than paper shavings. Highly recommend for other bunny mothers :)
4900	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought the medium sized launcher, but I felt the balls were a bit too small for my German Shepherds and worried they'd accidentally swallow one while running with it, so I upgraded to the large.  Not only are the large balls the perfect size for my dogs (although they are quite a bit more expensive than the medium size!), the large launcher also works with the medium sized Cuz dog toys, which is awesome because those are not only difficult to throw, they get really gross and slimy because of the material.
5151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a year old German Shepherd with more energy than he knows what to do with. This is a perfect toy for the dog park...after about 20-30 minutes of all out running and chasing, he is toast. Perfect way to not only wear him out, but keep the other dogs at the park engaged. Best couple of bucks I've spent recently.
6306	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best and cleanest litter I have ever found and use it all the time.
5523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	While this will send a ball flying with little effort it's worth the money to not have to directly handle the nasty tennis balls at my local dog park.  It handles standard tennis balls just as well as the ball that comes with it (which of course got lost in a bush on day one).

4347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really like this chuckit launcher.  The dogs (three of them) have fun chasing the balls and it is much easier for me to pick up the balls and throw them. I've had this for a few months now and it is holding up well. Although they have managed to chew a lot of the fuzz off of the balls.
It does keep the fleas away, very definitely.
I like it, the dogs are eating it and doing well on it. I will definitely be buying it as their regular dog food from now on. The price is probably better than the other store premium brands because there is no advertising.
9272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Poo started smelling better once I switched to this brand.
1383	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lovely heavy card stock.  Makes a nice impression.  Heavy envelopes also.  CroninCards makes very nice designs.  I have used their cards in the past and always receive compliments.

2378	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered one of these before it was about 20" and my dogs had it for a long time. I went through my history to order it again. It was maybe 8" and my dogs had it ripped apart in under 30 minutes.

2015	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Puppy Loves it. I had hoped for this to be a little larger in size though. For a large 45 lbs golden retriever, would be nice if it came in a larger size. the noise is very annoying in my ears by the way, but my puppy loves it and the more noise it makes, puppy gets more playful.
Every day after the 31st of December for Roxie and her human has been a blessing, she was not expected to survive the surgery.  I do not know how to fully express my gratitude to Wellness for this food and Amazon for making it available at a reasonable price, it does have Roxie's 5 Star seal of approval.  So, Roxie and her humble human want to Thank Amazon & Wellness for making this food available.  Thank You.
8896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it, and that's all that is important.  It really is bigger than a standard tub you'd use for a cat litter box.  Being larger/taller helps keep the litter inside the box.
2481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lambie as quickly as she emerged, but hey! she had a good week-long run at least. She is now a hollow shell of her former self but my dog still likes to drag her around. My dog was a 20-lb German shepherd mix when she first got Lambie. She loved the squeakers as much as she loved to kill them. She also thought that Lambie's face needed some "help". Dogs don't know how to cherish anything. Tsk tsk*. I must point out that the 10'' Lambie comes with a knit face that is VERY easy to pull apart with canines. The smallest Lamb's face is made with a different fabric, which seems to be more durable. No idea on the huge lamb yet, since I haven't seen it in stores.

9080	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am only basing this rating on how my cats joyfully eat this (one of them a little TOO joyfully). The dry food they were previously getting brought them no joy. They are both gorgeous tabby cats with bright green-yellow eyes and nice coats. This is true no matter what they eat. But this food makes them happy and that's probably making their eyes even brighter! #calmdowncrazycatlady
7277	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery. Great product
8434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So far good
2972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item mid January 2012. Its mid July now 2012 & the teddy has lasted so far with no issues. This is my dogs absolute favorite toy & she plays with it daily. It can be her chew buddy for hours on end & the squeaky noise just thrills her to no end. She has several other toys but this one is her first love. I was about to purchase another one right now as backup for when this one goes out, when I realized that I had not reviewed this & given it the credit it deserves. 5 STARS all day long.
7079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3IMTZQOEEG9YX" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B12sUO6eD3S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01xrUUr3H0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">8 in 1 Kookamunga Catnip Bubbles provides hours of fun for cats as they chase and pop the bubbles. However, I am owned by the Laziest Cat in the World who prefers to sit and watch the bubbles instead of chasing after them. Still they do keep her busy and away from the food dish for a few minutes.
1462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This planner is perfect for us to keep track of when our bills are due and what dates payments have been scheduled for.  Plenty of room in each box to actually write.
SECOND UPDATE:  More good news.  After seeing my dog immediately tear the heck out of the ball's cover, and learning that tennis ball fuzz can actually have a detrimental effect on dogs, I just discovered that Chuckit!  also makes a PURE RUBBER BALL, just like the ones my dog used to love, WITHOUT the fuzzy cover.  It's called, the Canine Ultra Ball, Medium Size.  Now I can have the best of both worlds:)
2577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my pooch LOVES this toy. He is used to squeaky toys, so the "ooooooh noooooo" sound effect is a nice change, and it seems to intrigue him. I'm glad he likes it because it makes us laugh to see Mr. Bill being chewed on and tossed around just like the good old days of SNL
4309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2YYROQSHTE41O" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D15fG%2BsU31S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81W4kFYR7fS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This was obviously designed by a dog owner that knew the pain of a bad back from bending over and a sore arm from throwing for a dog that has an insatiable appetite for ball chasing:)  I wish there was something that would pick up the ball and help to throw it too...here it is, courtesy of plastic molding.  This 26M version is also the perfect size for griping standard tennis balls as well as the included Chuckit ball and the deluxe rubberized Chuckit! ball, which is resistant to water.  After a few practice throws, I was heaving balls down the beach 40 or 50 years with ease.  Watch my demonstration video.
*I found it straightforward to pop apart and add food, just pay attention to the compartments so they are lined up properly for re-assembly(ex: make sure you place food in the compartment that it will open to next).
6635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect alternative for my diabetic cat. Always arrives on time
2908	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	If  I could give this product zero stars I would. Very disappointed in this product! "Specially-designed for the canine who rips toys apart in order to extract the squeaker" not true! My dog was able to not only find the squeaker and rip it out within 10 mins of giving it to her but also ripped off the nose and arm. I bought it with the idea that KONG made other strong products and so this one would be also. Disappointed to find out otherwise. I would not recommend this product to anyone whose dog will actually play with this stuffed animal.
4201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great size for my 13 week old Yorkshire Terrier. He doesn't get fetch yet, but he is able to pick them up and carry them around which is a surprise since his mouth is so tiny. Might be dangerous / choke-hazard for non-toy breed dogs.
1583	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It came within two days of ordering,very fast! Was packaged well,looks exactly like the picture! it's soft,tail has a posable wire in it but also has an extremely soft material making up the tail. It sits up on it's own and is perfect! I had no ordering issues and would absolutely buy from this seller again. Thanks for sending me what i was hoping it would be,a perfect stuffed peacock. :)
"Although AAFCO has no regulatory authority, the Association provides a forum for the membership and industry representation to achieve three main goals:
4766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product arrived very quickly. Our dog loves that our little one can throw the ball a bit further now and apparently it's also the perfect size for cuties (the little oranges) as well.
9370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Second time I've ordered this litter pan.  It is the ideal size for my non-spraying male, large Siamese.  It's sturdy enough to pick up with litter inside and not be wobbly.  The edges and bottom are smooth - unlike some other brands I've seen in stores.  Both times I have received blue which is just fine.  This will be the pan I will continue to purchase as needed for as long as it is available.
4978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Saved my shoulder and arm.  My dog can fetch all day, but my arm can't throw all day.  This is great.  I chose this one because it uses regular sized tennis balls.  Perfect!
properly.
1885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased this before. My dog loves lambchop. But they don't last long. He tears them to shreds.
6743	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know if the mixture was too thick or not enough "soap" was used but this just DID NOT create any bubbles. It would work for one blow of the wand and then after that I couldn't get anything to form. It was also sticky when the bubbles would land on anything around where I was using it.
8822	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves his T-Rex. It's lasted a long time, though I've found all Nylabone products tend to get gross over time. They are link magnets for hair, fuzz, etc. The dog doesn't seem to mind, but I notice it from time to time and see all that's its collected. #yummy
3269	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	One cat got ill. The other tried to lick it off all day. There was so many problems with little results.
5539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog Buster loves chasing balls and this enables me to toss a regular tennis ball the distance of about half a football field. Great idea! Prefer this the longer version, since I don't have to reach down so far to pick up the ball.
8237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Of all the cat food brands and  flavors this is the only one our picky little rescue girl will eat.  After finding her and emergency vet care and fluids, it was important to get her to eat.  Even after refrigeration it remains tastey enough for her and she is now recovering well..  She even preferred this over the R/D purchased at the veterinarian's office.

They come in different sizes and a clean one can even double as a portable water bowl for your furry friend.
7007	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have three cats....None seemed to care for this item...
1138	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This machine never worked the way it was advertised to.  It cannot handle urine, the urine clumps and scooper gets caught on it.  This stresses the motor out to were it resets itself, thus not scooping anything.  Or if it does break through it, the clump crumbles to small enough pieces where it slips through the scooper and quickly starts to stink.  I tried five different types of litter, nothing improved the machines performance.  I ended up keeping a hand scooper and plastic bags available as I had to scoop and clean it myself.  The plastic mounts on the scooper ended up snapping of after two months of use.  The box is just messy and useless and hard to wash as you have to disassemble it. You might as well buy litter tray for $5, it will function 100 times better.  I use a plastic concrete mixing tray you can get at home depot for $6.  It looks just like a litter tray except it is about 2' x 3'.  If you got the room this is the way to go.
4679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This makes it easy to pick up the ball since it gently snaps into the launcher and keeps my hands from constantly touching dog saliva, An added bonus is that the ball goes farther when I throw it .(I'm nor very good thrower). It comes with a tennis ball but I like the medium sized chuck- it balls better.

3257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got these with the bubble blower awhile back for my Golden Retriever. He LOVED them!! We just got 2 puppies so I went on the hunt for these specific bubbles again! The GR loved to play with the bubbles and the machine made it super easy! Definately one you can use in the house - I had no problems with residue or anything. I am looking forward to their arrival so that I can watch the puppies have the same amount of fun and so that we can use them inside on the rainy days as well!
1977	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I grew up with Shari Lewis and Lambchop. This toy is just too cute for words!!! The squeaker is great, the toy is medium- large size, and the soft cuddly faux fur is well-selected and does not shed. The squeaker is easy to activate in mid-body and the toy is very well made. I definitely recommend this for dogs that do not destroy plush toys.

I use plastic grocery sacks to line the storage container. I put in about 4-5 at once. About once every two days, I just pull the full one out and tie it closed, dress over the litter and make sure the rake is clean. They give you a tool to clean the rake. I use a regular litter rake to make sure any used litter is scraped loose from the bottom of the pan. (One of my boys uses the same spot for every urine break. The litter in that corner sticks to the bottom of the pan.) This whole process takes about 5 minutes.
125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had a plastic hose reel that was problematic from day one and it finally fell apart. Decided to go simpler, with a hose holder that I can simply wind the hose into. Not as big as I thought, but it holds over 100' of Craftsman rubber hose without a problem. Not sure if the post in the center made any difference when it comes to winding up the hose, but it doesn't get in the way, so it is fine in my book. Nice finish  with thick lacquer which I am hoping will keep it from corroding or rusting out anytime soon.
1470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the healthy stuff in it, as far as taste, I don't know,lol, can't go by my dog, he will eat anything if I add a little people food!
4225	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the longer one a lot better. This one is harder to throw accurately because it's so short and stiff. Quality stuff, though, and a very nice price.

8200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food is great if you have a lot (more than 2) of cats, and can't spend heaps of money feeding them.  I buy the pt variety because the other kinds my cats tend to just eat the sauce/juicy bits.  These are the larger cans-still the short cans, but the large version.  Cat food people should know what I'm talking about - there are the little cans and the bigger cans.  Anyways, I love that these are on Amazon and on Subscribe and Save.  However I am sure my UPS man hates me.
6576	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats start refusing to eat the wet food if I don't mix it up. Variety pack saves the day.
745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've got an 08 Hylander, so I was a little concerned about the size of the cover.  After measuring my back seat multiple times, I concluded that the cover would fit, but it would be tight.  Turns out it's about 4 inches short, about 2 inches on each side.  Not the end of the world, I can live with a couple of inches of seat uncovered.  Cause my dog isn't going to hit those exposed inches on either side of the cover.
4097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is a Golden retriever and he is two years old. I take him to the park often to play fetch and wanted this color that stands out against the fall yellow grass where the yellow tennis balls can easily get lost. I liked them for the color and they go far with the chick it. The thing I don't like is that my pup eventually has the desire to want to tear the material off the balls. So when I catch him doing that I take the ball away. Also after a few times of fetch I'll notice I need to throw it away because it begins to break in half at the seam. It's thick plastic underneath the material and two pieces just glued together. So eventually they are trash. Didn't last as long as I'd hoped. Plus he loves to swim and they will end up in the pool often. They eventually get water in them and sink to the bottom of the pool because of the weight and no longer float. Then when he retrieved it and brings it back inside there is water coming out of the ball that's inside it. I will stick with the other plastic chuck it balls that are orange. They bounce better and float and don't break and my pup has no desire to chew and destroy it. They last forever and are a few more bucks just for one but worth it
9549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was displeased when I saw these treats are cookies because my Toy Chiweenie is not fond of dog cookies.  However, after I broke the cookie into smaller, more manageable sized pieces, she took one quick sniff & immediately began devouring the treat.  SHE LOVES THESE!  And I am very pleased with the limited list of grain-free premium ingredients.  I'm shocked to find a 14 ounce bag of such high quality treats for the low add-on price of only $4.49.  I will definitely be reordering these treats...even if the price increases to three times what I paid for this bag.  And I will also be ordering other types of treats from Natural Balance's LIT line.
Emptying the poop containers flicks sand and poop in you face and mouth. Also, litter rake would clump and youhad to clean it by hand. The plastic must have been poop bonding material because you could never get it clean. After 2 weeks , it started throwing poop clumps acrosss the floor.
5036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like it but prefer a better grip.  This one is all plastic.  I have another brand stick like this with silicone grip and it works so much better.
9061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats LOVE it. (But they couldn't write the review)!!
3542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are the best. Very sturdy!
Quickly removes ticks from my dog with their head intact
3155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and the dogs love the taste.
13	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cats don't watch TV...  If they can't smell it, they don't care. Maybe yours do.  But, well, unless yours do already, don't bother with these TV time cat videos.
5899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these treats and are good for them. They have 500 mg of glucosomine. One of my dogs has bad arthritis and it seems to help
626	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	There are more pieces of teeth most were broken and those were only an inch long. You only get approximately 20 teeth. A few that seemed to be plaster. I'm going to a real dealer this time I don't have the time to mess with trash teeth.
7183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was so cute. My dog loved her little animal, and chomped happily on it for hours. Kids seem to love it too, so little warning, if you don't want your little boys thinking it's one of their toys, keep it up during doggy not chewing time.
6123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well made
9457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These things simply rock!  Have gone through a few of them with my dogs, they love them.  Purchased them as gifts for others dogs, they love them.  Where other chew toys get lost and forgotten, these dinosaurs have some kind of magic in them, the dogs keep coming back to them over and over.  They do wear after time and will need to be replaced, but I have 70+lb strong chewers and they last a very long time.  Even so, the pricing is awesome so you don't feel bad about buying more...
5939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat wakes me up at 5am every morning, so I decided to buy this automatic feeder.  This pet feeder exceeded my expectations, my cat no longer wakes me up!  It's simple to use and I haven't had a problem with it so far!  It needs batteries, they don't come with the purchase.
-batting inside can be reused to make a whole new toy.
9517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought this so my pups had something relatively healthy under the Christmas tree! To my surprise - they like it!!
I should have said, we have the 12M launcher, which means the handle is 12 inches long and it uses a medium-sized ball. The medium ball is 2.5 inches in diameter, so the launcher will fit regular tennis balls, too! But my dog won't play with regular tennis balls anymore because they aren't anywhere near as fun as the glow balls, and I think she doesn't like having gross sloshy muddy tennis balls in her mouth.
- DRIES OUT EASILY IF NOT STORED PROPERLY AFTER OPENING
Training tip:  When you're teaching your dog to fetch, take two toys/balls . They always seem to want what they don't have, and it makes it easier to get them to drop the toy.
4457	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best invention ever
7	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very fast service. My parrots are still not saying anything new, but I will continue to use it with the hope that after many repetitions they will pick up some more words.
Did not notice any other changes in her behavior, coat, etc.
3853	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My Lab puppy destroyed both of the balls I bought her within 30 minutes. First she pulled the fuzz off then ate the balls... Complete waste of money.
9926	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product! My 80 pound pitbull loves this Kong toy. I stuff a large size MilkBone in it and smear some peanut butter inside or dunk it in chicken stock and give to him in his crate after dinner. Takes him awhile to work the MilkBone out.  He also loves to just carry it around, chewing on it and playing "keep away" with me.  So far, no damage has been done to it and he's had it about 2-3 weeks. He also loves his smaller Extreme Kong, original shape. In general, I don't think you can go wrong buying a Kong!  :)
5788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love love love the bag fasteners. I use them for everything, I have them on bags of walnuts, almonds, loaves of bread,chocolate that I use for making Buckeyes they are absolutely wonderful and so easy to use. I ordered a set of larger fasteners from QVC and then I found them here on Amazon. These are smaller than my original orders and I find I use them much more. This fan, is my second set. By getting them Amazon I am saving approximately. The price of the fasteners is a touch lower than QVC + I have free shipping with Amazon. The total cost from qvc would be approximately 30 dollars. I think that is a big savings. As the saying goes, tried these and you will like them.actually the saying is try it and you'll like it but it doesn't fit my description here.
8485	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very healthy product for my fur babies!
4735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the most important dog toy for any retriever breed or retriever mixed breed. I use this toy to help supplement my dog's daily walks and it really helps to keep him satiated and happy, especially during busy workweek days.
1148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work so wonderfully with the receptacles and just saves so much money.
6776	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price. Cats love these treats
7062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a safe bubble product for my year old cats. I researched the various "pet" bubbles and decided on this one based on product size, cost, and reviews.  I received in timely manner in a well packaged box with clear plastic covering the entire bottle.  Naturally I smelled the product and did detect a slight spicy scent but a bit of a cleaning product smell as well.  The bubble wand is standard as pictured.  The bubbles produced are sized from 1" to about 3" in diameter.  Just the right size for kitties to play with.  They last a substantial amount of time without bursting and do not leave behind any residue that I have detected.  I use them on an outside wood porch.  Compared to store brand bubbles these are a bit pricey but find these are some of the best bubbles I have ever purchased and worth the price. Also, the ad states the size is 4 oz. but the bottle states it is 5 oz.  I think this one bottle will last throughout the summer and fall season being used for a few minutes each day.  My kitties loved playing with these and sometimes required hitting the bubble a couple of times before they burst.  My one complaint is that this product is distributed by United Pet Group, Inc. in Ohio but the bottle states this product is made in China.  I consider this product worth the cost and would definitely make a repeat purchase but will research for a product made in the USA first.
Overall my experience with the LitterMaid was a love/hate thing. It was my first exposure to automatic litter boxes so it was great that the cats always had a clean litter box to use. But I'd never buy another one because of the problem of the plastic rakes getting clogged with sticky cat leavings (yuck!). When I'd have to clean it, it was much more of a disgusting operation than a month of scooping cat litter with a regular scoop!
7807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 13 yr old min pin suddenly stopped eating her regular brand food. She went many days not eating  so i switched to this brand and she went BESERK FOR IT.I now buy it from Amazon because it's a little cheaper and i don't have to hassle running back and forth to the pet store wasting my gas and paying more. This is a highly rated pet food without the BY-PRODUCTS store bought dog food has. My little girl seems to be more active since i've been feeding her this brand and I feel better knowing she is getting better nutrition.....
2088	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Our 12 lb dog ripped off an arm in 24 hours.  Not very sturdy.
BSN
1710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Fun toy, but for my large Weimie, the toy has a life expectancy of about 2 days!
4819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great item, just as expected
4707	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit makes a great product. I bought the short launcher as I just planned on using it in my yard for my GSD. This is perfect! My yard is approx. 120' long and I can make it from one end to the other without having to "chuckit" too hard. If you are going to use it in a field or dog park and want distance, get the longer launcher.
4000	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these and they are holding up pretty well. The fabric gets pretty gross outside, but we keep these as"outside balls" so that's not a problem. I definitely wouldn't suggest bringing these insides from outside play.
7680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old boston terrier has eaten this along with the dry version for several years.  She loves it.
This is a great product at a great price.
 at my veterinarian office-they are awesome- especially love the double bag tips!
726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous, sturdy desk calendar.
6254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I definitely prefer the scented version of yesterday's news. Especially this "Fresh Scent" vs. the Lavender or the unscented. Keeps the litter box smelling fresh! Although because it does not clump, the recycled material seems to get dusty quickly with frequent uses. I definitely refresh the litter box more than with clay clumping litter. Chose this product to litter train my kitten and it worked great for that purpose!
3694	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best for large dogs where the smaller, thinner dog poop pick up bags are too fragile for those long walks.
5793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is beautiful.  And it is quite large.  I use it on my dining room table.  Every night when it turns on it makes me happy.  I am easily entertained.  I love it!
Overall My dogs and I love the Dino Nylabones and I will buy them as long as they are made. Great Product
4130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I dunno why but my dog loves 'em compared to regular tennis balls..

generation will understand this toy.  LOL
961	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for my dad. He made us all donuts. They seem to be good and sturdy. The donuts came out great.
.
6076	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A little long but absolutely perfect for our black lab with a bad hind leg to get up and down the bed.  Pretty heavy for regular transport so if you need to get them in and out of the car, might want something less heavy.
6271	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use these as an alternative to the plastic pellets in some litter systems. Doesn't smell, cheaper than the "official" pellets, and are probably friendlier to dispose of.
2876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice
If so, look closely, as they may very well have fleas, even if you don't see them!
3958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them
8308	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My original review of this product was my dogs loved it. Today I'm changing the review due to concerns from our recent purchase.
3954	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Yorkie approved!

8618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love Science Diet for my puppy.  Have used it for YEARS with no complaints.  So much cheaper to buy it from Amazon.  Add the fact that I don't have to lug the 30 pound bag home from the store and we have a WINNER!
Just as it advertises, 10 minutes after use, the "sifter" runs from one end of the box to the other, lifting the clumps and depositting them in the container at the end.  A few times it had a little difficulty with a very large clump and I heard it reverse and try again several times before successfully completing the trip.  I do have a problem with litter being dumped on the floor, either by an energetic cat or the sifter pushing litter in front of a clump and over the edge.
717	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have two boston terrier puppies! My bostons are 14 weeks old and have just realized they can run off quickly! This leash is fabulous! I can walk or jog with my dog attached to me and he has room to move around. The elastic give of this leash keeps your dog from jarring you and tugging at your waist. I like that you have several clips to attach the leash to giving you the freedom to walk your dog on the right or left side. We live on a farm so this leash quickly got a bit dusty but it was a breeze to rinse off in the sink with some dawn dish soap.
2381	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	junk
819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This planner is perfect for us to keep track of when our bills are due and what dates payments have been scheduled for.  Plenty of room in each box to actually write.
2857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of my dogs love the Kong extra small toys. They are extra small toys. My dogs are 5 pounds and 10 pounds each. We have the teddy bear, frog, and duck in extra small. Excellent toy, they have played with it for quite a while and no problems. Will definitely buy Kong toys again.
3148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy with the product, my dogs love it.  I went to purchase more and the price was almost double.  I was sad to see that as I am buying another brand now.  I understand prices go up, but almost double?  Please.
Yes, it's a little annoying that you have to turn it on at precisely the time you want it to start it's timer, but really - you'd be feeding your cat at that time anyway, right? So you have to fill a few more compartments at the same time, big whoop. It won't kill you.
This is a highly recommended product. We've had three (ours stay outside and get chewed on and bent by the kids at some point). And I will continue to buy them as others wear out.
5397	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	With this, I can really get good distance on our fetch game. My dog is pretty fit and throwing short distances gets tiring for my arm because the dog brings the ball back so quickly. This gives my arm a break and the dog a longer run. Love it!
8256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog goes crazy for it.
He loves these treats, and I love seeing my dog happy. I'd highly recommend these, especially for the price..

1906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The dogs play with it and that is all I require.
A definite buy for any pet's discerning collection.
9376	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very strong, but my dog does not play with it.  Very heavy.
9498	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The toy is pretty big and super durable!! I have 3 dogs about 70 lbs each and they have not been able to do any damage. They also like to roll it and they seem to be enjoying it. Great for the price!!!

I'm super excited to gift this to my niece - she's going to be THRILLED (and I'm excited to have such an easy gift that she'll legitimately love).
Just an update. I have had my old male cat on this food for a very long time now. This is the only food he eats, no dry, no other wet food. Since being on this, no more crystals in his bladder. That is a huge improvement. He was averaging having the crystals issue about twice a month for a long time, which lead to huge vet bills (in the thousands of dollars). This food also got his diabetes under control so well that his new vet couldn't tell he had ever been diabetic! I literally had to show his old records to prove his medical issues. I am thrilled!!! He is energetic like a young cat, happy & healthy. I tell everyone I can about how this food helped my old cat gain back a healthy life again. I can tell he is happy too, since he purrs all the time now, where he didn't in the past. He is also super affectionate now. It's awesome how a diet change to this food made all the difference in the world!
2784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	"Jeff's Wife"- I bought this for my Morkie puppy. There are tons of toys in our house for the two big dogs but he is so small that he couldn't make those toys squeak. The squeaker in this is softer and much easier to squeak. He was so excited when it squeaked for the first time! There is velcro on the back for easy accessibility to the squeaker should it need to be replaced and it came with an extra squeaker. It has help up nicely since November, a little on the crusty side now but still in one piece.
752	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected for a month to month calendar
1984	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are cute and well made but definitely easy to shred. My dogs loved them but they certainly didn't last long - not that we bought them anticipating them to be durable. Definitely worth the money if your pooch loves plush toys. Would also be cute for a kid's gift!
Very cost effective since I only had to use 1/2 tsp/day!
For daily exercise to satisfy my dog's running needs, Chuck it is the arm saver I'd long wished for. By far the best toy I have ever bought my dog. He adores it. Best ten bucks spent on a dog toy ever.
2350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog destroyed it in record time.  we both had fun killing mr bill.  OOOOOO... NOOOOOOOO !!!


193	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I normally don't go for stuff like this. I gave it a try. I think obediance classes are optimum to a great relationship with your pet...even if you don't ahve the money to dish out, go to friends who have dogs.
4536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really love this toy. I use it a lot when playing fetch with my dog. He much more interested in playing fetch when I use this. I think it's because using this launcher, the ball goes much farther. I also got some small Chuckit! balls on Amazon and they fit it perfectly!
5745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty, good quality and price too.
3054	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	In 2012 I had 2 shoulder surgeries, 3 months apart. Doc said I wasn't allowed to hold a leash so this is a great substitute! Also allows you hands free jogging and you're able to adjust your MP3 player. I didn't get the additional "lunge" guard and my dog is a "puller", you really do not need it.
5410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Saves a lot of wear and tear on throwing and retrieving the ball from the ground. (Most shelter dogs haven't learned 'fetch and leave it', LOL!!
3963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	5th one we got. My dog goes through them once a year. She loves her chuckit
2223	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great item for a small dog,darby my carin terrier loves this toy,he says yes yes yes,feel free to buy
6837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs cry for this dog food.

8456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Toothless tabby eats this daily. Mmm-good
8933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppies loved this food!!
8889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this brand. It's hard to find in local stores
6586	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog started throwing up and lost her appetite.
There is a ton of information on this product, so I'm not going to any more details about it. You can look online or even google to product to get the nutrition facts. But overall the most important thing to know is that this is a mid-tiered Purina product. Not the best and not the worst out there. Yes, there is grain in the product (not great for your cat!) but it has all the nutritional value that your cat needs. Some cats will thoroughly enjoy this product and others will not. Some will happily eat this and get sick for higher end products like the Buffalo Blue or the Science Diet products. It all depends on your cat's digestive system.
583	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	not worth the money
I have used this on an off-white textured sofa and ottoman as well, and its worked effectively.
7506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 20lb. dog loves these things, and have used them in the past with dogs up to 35lbs! They last a long time, and do a good job helping to keep teeth clean.
3755	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have three big golden retrievers and feel this should lend credibility to my claim that I've become a poop-bag expert.  (It also explains why I order a couple of the 200-count handy dispenser boxes at a time.) And, thanks especially to the extra layer of hand protection other bags don't have, the old cringe factor is gone. Though Amazon now has an option for a video review, I think it might be best to give it a pass for this particular product. However, hope you'll take my word that I've tried lots of other bags and these are far and away the absolute best!
5458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has been on my "puppy wishlist" for almost 6 months. I've hesitated to buy it for who knows what reason. It's not expensive. My dog loves to play fetch.
9677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food! He has quite a delicate stomach and is very prone to hair balls but after I started feeding him this a couple of months ago, hes had far fewer problems. The food itself looks and smells far better than other cat foods Ive bought and I really think the quality of the ingredients is pretty high! Very happy with this food!
3365	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	One of my cats was miserable after we applied it.  He worked so hard until he licked it. Became nauseated vomiting  and couldn't eat for several days.  Finally had to take him to vet.  Was diagnosed with dehydration from  so much vomiting bad to give him IV med and fluids. $500 later he is fine.
Yes, I know it is puppy food.  But like many things in life, we come full circle as we get older.
7182	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my puppy's favorite. It has lasted forever, and I already bought more backups for when it finally gets too chewed up.
This brand came recommended by a bunny website (houserabbits?) but I could not find it in any local stores, hence my ordering it here.
5179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ball goes on the end, you move your arm, the ball goes flying, the dog goes running after the ball... and 1 out of 5 times the dog actually returns the ball.... not sure if the ball is faulty or my dog doesn't get the idea of 'fetch'.

Great way to save my arm from throwing out.
2229	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nostalgic for me and our dog's favorite bedtime toy. Lambchop only stays in the bed, not "played" with, only for bedtime cuddles. Sometimes, our dog will chew at the stitching that is the outline of Lambchop's nose, but overall, very happy with the durability of this toy withstanding an energetic dog.


So, overall it's great when it works, but it could use a few improvements. The bottom of the pan needs to be made of something more "non-stick" so the rake can get thru some of the larger wet spots and/or the gears need to be made of something stronger to be able to take a stronger motor that can get thru the stuck on clumps (and not strip the gears). Also I would like to see a slightly larger receptacle on the larger models. They are made for a multi cat household but with only one litterbox it fills up pretty fast. With 2 litterboxes it's not too bad though. I would also like to see some sort of hood like other auto litterboxes that I've seen. That tent seems like a nuisance (it looks like it would block the on/off switch and collect litter in the box.)
BEWARE REFURB MODELS - You will see dealers selling *HUNDREDS* of these as refurbished items. That should be your first warning. These things don't last.
2106	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My puppy was able to tear off one of the eyebrows and ate it. I didn't notice until she threw it up.
 He called me the next morning and told me that my dogs gallbladder  enzymes were off and she should get a re test and an abdominal ultrasound to see what was happening. So I made an appointment with the internal medicine doctor  and got the ultrasound that week. Now I have spent over $750. The gallbladder ended up being ok but the said something she ate aggravated it.  The internal medicine  doctor looked at the x-rays also asked me what she eats everyday and then the advised to me go home and check her wet food. She says sometimes the quality control goes off in these smaller companies as they cant afford to continue it.
7966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it. Packaged vertically instead of horizontally (three columns, one row) -- not that it matters. Just different, that's all.

1179	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Current version of littermaid does not work well at all. The first one I purchased lasted for five years and I was very happy with it. The pet store only had the larger version when I replaced the original. The larger version lasted for 15 months and then died.
Just don't lay it down, cuz the pup will chew it up quick... I saved mine from total destruction, and it's still usable.
3681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They work as described, roomy and thick for super poopers.
6349	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product and believe that it is really helping my 13 y/o dog cope with walking issues - better than anything I've used to date. My dog isn't picky but she really likes these and considers them a treat so it's super easy to give them to her daily.  But I hate that the price springs from $82 to $130 - what is up with that?  If the price stays at $130 I will be looking around for something else because my large dog can run through a container fairly fast.  However, for a smaller dog, it might be worth it.
scoop, a light tap on wastebasket the used litter drps into bad. I
3110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy!  She insists we play fetch with it every day.  It's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover :)
5823	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My pups, who will literally gobble anything edible (anything being the operative word) cannot be enticed to eat these supplements/bones  no matter what I smear on it.
1650	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our kitty is 9yrs old, 11lbs and about 19 inches long from nape to base of tail. She, of course, knew this was a carrier, and of course was skeptical of it. We left it out a bit for to become accustomed to it and sniff it as much as she wanted. Yesterday when we took her to the vet, she of course didn't want to get into the bag, we had been trying to get her in with treats, which worked during the week when we were trying to get her accustomed. In the end we got her in (not w/o a bit a crying from our MamiCat) and started on our journey to the vet. it was raining lightly and the bag is really good for warmth, we could see her and she could see us with the "window Shades" and i believe she would have been comfortable if she wasn't so nervous. We got this deal really great ($50!) and couldn't believe the value. I would have paid almost 3x that much if I would have bought this at a brick and mortar store.

2767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3 lb yorkie mix is obsessed with this toy.  It doesn't have any fluff for her to pull out and the squeaker inside has lasted a really long time.  It came with a spare squeaker (the back of the teddy bear is velcroed shut over the squeaker) but even after 3+ months of constant play, the original squeaker is still going strong.

9793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For some reason the dinosaur nylabones are my dogs favorite.  They have other nylabones, but their favorites are the dinosaur shaped one.
1912	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	cute but was ripped to shreds in no time by my little chi-pin, which is not much bigger than the toy
needs to have some sort of trigger you can use to open the cup when you swing it
- ideally, you should have 1 box for every cat in the house. (We have 6 cats so; 4 regular and 2 LM900s)

In case you didn't know, the AAFCO is the Association of American Feed Control Officials. According to its website:
5045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cool toy for the dog that loves to fetch balls. It really launches the ball and the dog gets more exercise.

5571	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 20lb terrier loves to chase these small tennis balls and this ball launcher helps me to keep playing without making my arm sore. You can sit on a bench, pick the ball up, and throw it quite a ways without ever getting up. This would be a good gift for a senior dog lover or someone with limited mobility. Also good for someone who isn't a great thrower, like me!
654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	working great so far.
2302	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought several; dogs absolutely love this product.  Some made better than others though.  A couple fell apart at the seams within days of purchase while a couple of the others are still being tossed around mercilessly!
5130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Never thought I needed a launcher, but it's actually been a great buy.  Our pup is tireless, but my shoulder's not.  I can throw far for an hour & don't need advil when I get home!  Don't need to worry about picking up muddy or slobbered on tennis balls either.  Remember length doesn't just help you throw further; you won't need to bend as much to pick up the ball.
4010	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My PUPPY is now 10 months old and 100 lbs. He doesn't try to eat it.
1848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our golden just seems to love it. Good quality for such a simple toy.
2550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So, don't expect it to be a toy they'll love for years.  It was cute while it lasted, and drove the dog nuts until she destroyed it.  She can be very focused.  And, isn't that really the point?
I hope the new formula is just as good because this one is good as gold.
4272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just what I expected . My dog loves it .
2243	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Took my boxer less than a week to destroy it. I was hoping it would last longer.
4517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the first Chuckit! I've ever used, so I can't compare the quality of earlier versions.  I love this thing, it grabs normal tennis balls, so I don't have to get my hands coated in slobber & dirt.  The distance you can launch the ball is incredible.  Whenever I took my dog to the dog park, my shoulder would be sore for days, but now with chuckit, I never have a thrown out arm/shoulder.  For the price this thing can't be beat.



4474	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my mom and her black lab, both of them love this thing!! Easier on your arm to throw and ball go's a lot farther.
6302	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty plays with it.
2098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Too cute for words!
7933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great biscuits my dogs love them. i will buy another box when this one runs out.

6824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	There are a lot of reviews mentioning that these cans came damaged.  Mine came wrapped in plastic with cardboard surround and in a large padded box.  I had no issues with damaged cans.  Our vet told us to get wet food specifically for puppies to help encourage her to eat her dry food. This is definitely working.  The consistency is like a paste - dark brown in color and definitely smells like the ingredients but isn't awful. Our pup loves it.  Each can has a pull tab for ease in opening the cans.  Highly recommend.
5485	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs can't thank me enough for buying this for them! They love their "chuck it" all the chuck it products I have purchased are incredible.
9922	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have several cats, so a litter that clumps quickly and well is really important. This litter did really well in those areas. The one area that I wasn't crazy about, but the cats didn't seem to mind, is the scent. It was borderline unpleasant, I wish this litter came in an unscented form with just baking soda in it.
OTHER TIPS:  I buy baking soda in 5 lb. bulk bags at the restaurant supply (Cash n Carry, dunno if you can get it at Costco, etc) and store it right next to the Litter Maid in a food storage, air tight container, along with a scoop for dispensing it into the waste receptacle.  I also buy food service gloves at the same store (box of 100 for less than $5) and always wear gloves when I'm doing kitty chores.
Bought this when I ran out of my 24 pack of NUTRO MAX CAT Adult Lamb and Turkey Cutlets 3 oz. to see if my cat didn't mind pate style cat food since Ive been feeding him half a can of chunky gravy style for almost two months for dinner. I opted for the 5 oz. cans instead of the 3 oz. cans because I figured I might as well save money. This review is after a month of feeding the CHICKEN AND LAMB formula to my cat.  The Chicken & Lamb Pate formula didn't disappoint me or my cat. He eats it right up and hasn't had any problems. I feed him  of the can every night and refrigerate the rest. My only complaint is that you need a good can cover to avoid it drying out in fridge. I add a little bit of warm water to the food every time I end up serving it cold so I don't discomfort my cat. The cans also came dented from the bottom which I think was caused from high vacuum sealing. The food inside was just fine, no strange smells or discoloration. Bought on March 2017, expires July 2018. Lost a star because of dented cans, never experienced this in the 3 oz. cans.
977	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them - and that makes me happy. What else could a person ask for in a dog treat?
5938	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Did not work well at all.  Raccoons or something had it torn up in no time.
3816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	haven't used it yet but I expect it to perform as previously.
2245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cute, thought my dog might just chew on it herself, but she'll only play with it as an interactive toy, and tug of war. Which doesn't bother me, as long as she's happy.
6024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have no idea how something so stinky can make my dogs breath so much better. But it does!  We give one daily to our 40lb dog and it keeps bad breath away. She loves them, although she isn't picky so your experience may differ.
3762	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a TERRIFIC product.  I have 2 standard poodles and have been using Mutt Mitts for a few years now.
2632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for my German Shepherd puppy.....7 months old.  When I opened it from the box it looked like a cat toy.  It's a very small medium dog toy.  It's VERY light on the stuffing, and does have a squeaker, and came with an extra one (oh joy).  I wasn't too happy with it, but let me tell you.  My GSD LOVES this darn thing.  She carries it EVERYWHERE!  I even found it in my boot.  She is obsessed with this toy.
1851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Your dog needs this. Trust me.
2871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Little dogs love these miniatures
5090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is obsessed with this ball! He loves, loves loves it!  So much easier for me.  Keeps my hands clear and not dirty from picking up the ball, but you have to get your dog drop it first!  Mine don't want to let go.
9178	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food...
6614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	4 out of 4 cats in my household will eat it.
7356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats like this too
2259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this!!
5552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckit is the best invention for dog lovers EVER!!! You will never have to touch another slimy, dirty ball again thanks to Chuckit. You can also throw the ball about three times as far with Chuckit. I would suggest buying the Chuckit Ultra Balls to go with it. They are the best balls ever, virtually indestructible.
8061	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great peanut butter dog biscuit treat.if you go to your local pet store and use the scoop into plastic bag,then they weigh it you will pay around $9.00 for 1 1/2 lb.this box weighs 20lbs and it stores well.what a bargain.we use these to stuff the Kong .great value
4616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	"It's all in the wrist" once you get it down the launcher is so easy to use. My 9 lb terrier is obsessed with catch and he approves. I took one star off because it can be a little tricky to use at first
9858	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pup, now an adult dog of 11 pounds won't eat anything else. I am a dog lover and owner for over 50 years and I know how to slowly switch from one food to another. WELL.... forget that. We were doing fine until about 2 months when the food became a little more than 1/2 of the "new" food. That's when the pooch sat his self down stared at the bowl and then at me and..... kept sitting. He refused to eat in the am and only ate 1/2 his evening meal out of shear hunger. This went on for 3 days. So, I dumped out the "Mixture" and replaced it with nothing but this Canidae dry dog food topped with a dollop of plain yogurt (yes he's absolutely spoiled - great for digestion) and he stood, cocked his head and promptly ate his breakfast.
5557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has the same advantages as the other Chuckits in that it throws a long way and you don't have to handle a dirty wet ball.  But it really throws a long way so you'll need a big dog that likes to run and a lot of space
1482	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good quality
But for my dog, this is perfect!
7958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	as described
That said, I do like this one because I can buy 99 cent tennis balls anywhere if we lose one (yes, I can throw them that far with this "small" version) or it gets eaten (yes, dogs like to chew, and tennis balls happen to be very tasty, I guess).
7234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? I got a good price and the cat loves it. My vet actually said Friskies pate has one of the best nutritional breakdowns for cats you can get.
9238	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Natural-Balance-L-I-T-Limited-Ingredient-Treats-Sweet-Potato-Venison-Formula-Small-Breed-Dry-Dog-Treats-8-Ounce/dp/B0017ATFRQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Natural Balance L.I.T. Limited Ingredient Treats Sweet Potato & Venison Formula Small Breed Dry Dog Treats, 8-Ounce</a>
5453	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cattledog loves the Chuck-it.  It has become her favorite toy.  Whenever we venture outdoors she drops the ball at my feet and drags the chuck-it to me.  It's an excellent way to provide exercise for an active dog. It's also been a lifesaver for my arm.

9719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We were on vacation and she had some of this.  Now she won't eat anything else
4352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good product. I didn't realize I ordered the short launcher but I can still 'chuckit' pretty far.
Maybe it will work for other dogs, just hasn't worked for mine...yet
1357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loved the taste, will have to reorder
1299	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	At first it looked like it was going to work great (when the litter was clean). After a day or so, it wasn't cleaning very well. I got better litter and it started working better, but still not great. Litter gets in the crevices and gets stuck to the rake. After about two weeks of use, the rake stopped moving backwards. I tried to fix it, but it just won't go in reverse. Overall, this was a big waste of time and money. I'm not even going to try to get another one. A good old fashioned litter box with good clumping litter is less work than trying to get this thing to work properly while keeping it clean. It's too bad as it had a promising beginning. DO NOT BUY.
4312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Im sure this is great for big dogs, but not for my lil 4lb fur baby 
and I sell these stuff at http://www.etsy.com/shop/Aim4Goodies.  Great to print on a normal printer too!
6155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have not had to use it yet. Thank goodness but looks sturdy and effective
9962	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog has used this a lot.  I try to watch to be sure he doesn't swallow anything.
6702	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Tried and tried but we could not create bubbles  - this liquid doesn't have enough detergent in it.


8504	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	You won't find Nutro in the Supermarket, reason being - consistent quality costs.
3793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This pet stain carpet pre-order spray is essential if you have fur babies! Gets the stain out and keeps it from returning, has a pleasant smell and is easy to use. The only negative is the spray nozzle setup. Poor thought behind this design. The nozzle spray holes are way, way too small and inconvient. You wind up getting a hand cramp trying to get enough product out of the bottle. Otherwise, excellent weapon in your house cleaning arsenal.
UPDATE-APRIL 22, 2012
I love it at the beach, park anywhere and having multiple sets is also great.
8860	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs--lab and Boston terrier--really love this for chewing.  And it doesn't wear out. Very durable.
7891	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy had a severe diarrhea for weeks until we put her on Wellness Lamb and Sweet Potato.  Just like a miracle, she is healthy and energetic.
550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Birds loves it
8525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome food. The fish live it. And especially great price.
Some people say that a motorized cat box is a waste of money, but it is well worth trying if you face a similar dilemma: it can save your sanity and your carpet, and may let some cats stay in loving homes instead of being abandoned or even euthanized.
My other car chargers - some of which are as powerful as this one - all have oval shaped barrels. All jiggle in my lighter socket and sometimes a slight tug on a cable will unseat them. This one fits tightly and stays put.
9294	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both cats love all of the Max Cat Nutro chunks in sauce, and usually eat all the food instead of licking the gravy and leaving the rest. This has also helped Cavity gain some much needed weight to help with his Thyroid condition. I fully recommend this!
5787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This item does keep water cold and ice is still in the bottle at the end of the day.  I don't drink hot drinks so I can't say if it work the same for hot.
5058	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Definitely worth it if you have a dog that loves chasing balls.  This thing will save your arm and will throw 2-3 times as far.  The one I received was a little rough around the edges on the part where the balls goes.  It doesn't seem to have affected the performance however.
8895	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my 6th month lab loves it!! i got him several toys but he likes this one the most
2174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs favorites and super cute
5094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I throw like a girl. lol. This gives my throwing arm some oomph. My dog appreciates being able to run a bit further for the ball.
4125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This has been a liver saver to throw balls at the park and not have to bend down.
3469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product
5596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely loves this toy and I am grateful that I no longer have to pick up soggy tennis balls. The best money spent!!
9147	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Foul odor.  Doesn't look like the normal science diet food.  Made my cats puke and puke and puke.  I've been feeding my cat this brand of food for 7 years.  This is first time they had this reaction.
640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
8179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Frenchie is in love with this toy
8914	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My 1 yr old German short hair pointer had the end chewed off in less than an hour. I wouldn't recommend this product.
7660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	just as advertsed - fast shipping
8760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only food my cat will eat.  It's much cheaper than buying it in the store.  Wellness is one of the higher quality pet food companies that hasn't bent for the hype pet diets.  Their food is always excellent.  I've had not GI issues with my cat eating this food, they have never had to recall it, and it's not so rich that they are gaining extreme amounts of weight like many of the high protein high fat grain free diets will do. They also supply the kcal per can on the label for accurate feeding.  Wonderful brand.

3258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My parents' springer spaniel is crazy for bubbles. I got him the Gazillion Bubbles Fetch a Bubble at the local pet store along with some chicken flavored bubbles. I've never seen the dog so happy. His tail is going so fast he can't run straight! We tried the bubble gun too, but the Fetch a Bubble is far superior.
7112	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	None of my cats, including a feral cat, will eat this.
8867	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats AND picky dog love this stuff!  I checked with the vet and she said it's fine to give to the dog too, whereas some cat foods are not.  It's one of the VERY few that I can stand to open in the house.  Most cat food reeks, as soon as it's opened; this does not!  All of the cats love it.  They actually eat it, instead of just licking the sauce off, like with most canned foods!
1165	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This item works fine until it gets crudded up with dried on poop and litter. It's a nightmare to clean, and my box went dead after 6 months. I wrote to the company TWICE and got no response at all! I would advise against buying this product. It takes less time to rake out a litter box 1-2 times a day, than to clean the mess that this box creates! And yes, I did use the recommended litter -- it made no difference!!
6963	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Newfoundland is 8 years old, has had 2 knee surgeries, & suffers from arthritis.  I have tried dozens of joint supplements over the years.  This is the first one that has clearly made a difference.  He is playing more, walking more freely & generally enjoying life.  I would recommend Connectin to any dog or horse owner whose critters have joint problems.
Maybe my dog didn't read the book....
4374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog told me to write a review saying this is fun because he can run farther than if I threw the ball by hand.  He said he also likes being able to carry his own toy to the dog park. I liked the price.
5006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Helps my 3 year old daughter get some distance on her throw when playing with the dog.  Also its nice not to touch a slimy ball or frisbee.
9475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the perfect size for me ... two of them fit in the bathtub perfectly. I have two cats, and two medium size boxes works better than one huge one. The material is great, and the sides are the right angle for maximum scrape and scoop efficiency.
7371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat likes it, I mean, she doesn't go nuts for it and usually waits until it's warmed up a bit after it's been served from the fridge. But she usually eats it all up before her next serving.

7866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love

2489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I didn't buy this toy from Amazon but only because I didn't think to check.  I'll definitely buy another one some day if my puppies ever manage to destroy this guy.  He has survived 18 months with my first puppy who is admittedly not horribly destructive with his fetch toys.  But the fact that Mr. Bill has survived 10 months with my adopted rescue pup who decapitates and dismembers EVERYTHING she gets her teeth on is just beyond amazing to me.  I'm not sure what it is about this material that makes her not do everything in her power to destroy it, but she LOVES it and chooses it often from her toy box to play fetch and tug with her brother.  They ROUGHLY play tug with him several days a week for hours for the last 10 months and all 4 limbs and his head are still firmly attached.  Color me impressed!
So as of now you should boycott this food and check all the other cans if you if you use them to see if other flavors also contain chips before your dog gets sick like mine did.
-the arm stuffing came out first

The food itself is just fine, the cat eats it and he's healthy having eaten only this food for three years and more. I just don't like the packaging.
8655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Koi scarf the sticks down, so it must be tasty to them.
8388	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food and gobbles it down. In fact, I have to separate his feedings so he doesn't eat too fast and get sick.
9810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	the shipping took really long that was the only problem other then that it came nice in a big box safe and it was big and not damage I use this alot it last for a while and I keep buying more i would definitely recommend this
8469	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My puppies hated these things, they would not pay attention to them and would run if I tried to get them to play with it.
9883	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Ordered directly from PetFoodDirect before I saw the negative reviews here.  So after delivery, I decided I would make the transition slowly.  A week and a half later, I was feeding approx half old and half new, and one of the dogs started vomiting/had diarrhea, had no appetite, and was lethargic.  I'm switching him to a plain chicken and rice diet, but if he doesn't get better soon, I'll have to take him to the vet.
I saw these in Petco and after being satisfied with the ingredients I bought a few cans to feed to my fur balls.  They are big gravy lovers and hate pate style food.  I have also given them Hills Science Chicken and Gravy and they would always leave a good amount in the bowl.  When I gave them Nutro Max, they loved it!  Licked their bowls clean!  They seem to love the Lamb and Turkey and the Seafood and Tomato Bisque the most.  At $17 for 24 cans, you just can't beat that.  The ingredients are great and I trust Nutro as a company to ensure my kitties are getting a good diet.  If your kitties are gravy lovers like mine, they also have a large selection which is nice because I do notice my kitties enjoy different flavors.
Why, the AAFCO even has an annual meeting. I'll bet that's a debauch.
  I did a lot of pricing and comparing products before settling on this one.  It is important to me to give my K9 Glucosamine, Chondroitin, and Hyaluronic Acid.  This is one of the ONLY products that has all 3 and it has the most of all 3 of all the products I viewed.  Additionally, it is VERY reasonable priced when compared to other products with similar amounts of ingrediants.  Particularly the Hylauronic Acid, this seems to be an expensive supplement.
From reading the reviews, it appears that some dog owners ordered this item and were disappointed in it for a number of reasons, primarily because the 'hardness' of the toy caused dental problems.  Obviously no one wants to buy a dental toy that actually causes teeth problems.  However, some small breed owners must not be aware that their particular breed is subject to dental issues regardless of what toys they chew.  Just off the top of my head, this type of problem often occurs with Yorkies, Chihauhaus, and Chinese Cresteds.  You can use virtually any dental care method in existence and still watch your Chinese Crested's teeth fall out.

2379	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Got two for my large rescue dogs (pit bull, lab, pointer, and other mix). They both love to carry them around (after they have performed the squeaker-ectomy). Reduced price was a good deal too.
2183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My large silly dog really liked this toy.  But if she had decided to use it to chew on, I don't think it would have last as long.
9138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We started our Ladybug (boxer) on this from the forest day we brought her home at just 7 weeks old and she did AMAZING!  her skin was excellent her teeth were super clean (we also brush weekly to keep her gums healthy) and she was a bouncy and playful as can be! And the vet was amazed by how healthy she was!
Be sure you buy a model that is appropriate to the number of cats in your household. You can't expect to have three cats use the cheapest model and then not have any problems. We always buy the heavy duty model since we have three cats. It would have been well worth if I paid two hundred dollars and it had only lasted a year. My boxes have lasted two years so I figure the cleaniliness and me getting a break from all the litter box cleaning is well worth the cost.
8724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's just what I wanted, just what the picture shows. I would give it 5 starts if the cans weren't dented when they arrived.

1525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My husband teaches pre-school children with severe disabilities and needed something to carry his IPad and other miscellaneous items that he seems to lose on a daily basis in his current " man purse."  I purchased this backpack in hopes that it would take care of this dilemma.  It is very well constructed, but he still needs to learn how to use the compartments more  effectively.  Hopefully, that will happen over a short period of time.
My only drawback-- which i hope will depress with use... Its a bit hard to get the ball into the cup thing.
5109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy!

7951	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great and my doggies love them
1048	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Won't fit any of my Droll Yankees feeders. I threw them into the trash can.

6133	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I searched for any ramp that mentioned it would be good for outdoor use.  I could never find one that actually said so.  But this one looked sturdy and durable and like it would hold up in the direct sun.  I needed a permanent one for my senior dog to get down the back stairs. So far so good and I'm very happy.  My boy still will not use it on his own, but if I point he will go up and down the ramp.  The funny thing is, now he is running down next to the ramp, using it as a guide and isn't falling like he was.  So it has a dual usage!  I recommend this great product.
5073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is our second purchase of a  Chuckit since I threw the old one in high grass and could not find it! Our Redbone Lab dog's energy mandates a launcher of this caliber. It is a great purchase if you have an energetic dog. I buy regular tennis balls since one ball only lasts for few days.
8421	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good food,easy transaction
1230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 5 cats. Once I had 5 litter boxes to scoop twice a day. 2 Booda boxes, 2 extra large pans, and a 3-part sifter pan (which I did not like as it dropped used litter all over after you sifted). My life has been transformed by a Litter Maid Mega automatic litter box. All five cats use the same box now.
434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am a repeat user of this excellent product!
1960	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SHE LOVES IT
7460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. We mix this with Canadae All stages kibble for our rescue dogs. It nourishes and settles stressed digestive systems.
Nutro has consistently been a reliable and trustworthy company.  Way back in the 1980's I worked part-time in a pet supply store and Nutro was the premiere dog food because they had a better product. While other dog food companies could truthfully boast that they were not putting "trash" in the dry dog food, Nutro was really making a difference.
9161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	AAA
9131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats like it.
4463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, well made and my dog loves it as do I. No sloppy balls to pick up off the ground with my hand and you can easily throw it really far without huge effort. He chews on the ball a lot but we're still using the same one that came with the launcher although I bought extra balls assuming that wasn't going to be the case. I have purchased these for a couple of friends and they're saying the same thing...
2062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	i'd give Lambchop a 5, but since he only lasted a few minutes with me, my mom said he's a 3, but she's not looking so I gave him a 4.  If you have a non chewer, who just likes to look at and cuddle his toys, go for it.  But if you've got big jaws like me, you need something a lot more durable.
2571	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very well made, good quality toy.  Our pup loves it, but let me warn you that if your dog is a chewer you'll be dealing with the "oh no" sound for quite a while.  I'm finding I tend to hide this one from her if I'm concentrating on t.v. or work.  But it's a very funny flashback to a character I used to love.
* Ensure consumer protection
6062	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this ramp and own two of them.  One of them has been in constant use for 5 years and (aside from a little dirt) is just like new.  These ramps are truly built to last.  It is a nice heavy weight which makes it stable underfoot.  The treads make it safe for the dogs even when they are at a dead run.  I use one of these outside the doggy door to span a 2 1/2 foot drop.  The dogs love it.  It is more expensive than many other ramps, but it's worth the money.
3515	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the best bags !  less mess all around !  i will not use any other kind from now on
8701	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves this food, and I feel good feeding her this grain free formula, knowing that all the ingredients are good for her.
6119	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two little Dachshunds are too old to go up and down the steps easily, and I've got COPD and it's hard for me to go out a lot to let them use the bathroom.  So, I got this ramp and it's next to our deck steps and my little dachs go up and down it whenever they need to go outside without any problem.  My cats even use it!

6758	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	not happy with product
5902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wholeheartedly recommend these dog treats!  We were looking for a yummy Glucosamine dog treat for our 2-year-old dog, and these are a great value for the money!  Our pup loves the peanut butter flavor and does not have to be coaxed into eating them.  Also, I LOVE that they are Made in the USA.  Highly recommend.  These treats are great!
3749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the bag that does it all.  I love using it more than any other doggie bags on the market.  It keeps my hands clean and it is ok for environmental purposes.  There are never any holes (as in other bags) for anything to drop out.  Love these bags and you will also.
5937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A little tricky at first glance to open and get up and going...would be better if it came with two sets of freezable thing-a-ma-jigs.
8592	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My 10.5 lb. cat is very fussy about using a litter pan. With his prior litter pan, he would not go more than once without meowing loudly to have it emptied. It was not possible for me to clean out the litter each time he used it. (I clean it out once a day.) Plus, he was making a mess scratching out litter all over the floor. This larger pan was a godsend for both of us. There is enough litter for him to find a clean area in which to poop/pee. And the sides of the pan are high enough for him to not scratch out the litter all over the floor. The pan is very durable and a good value. I highly recommend it.
7779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gave to my girl pup because she was getting used to people food and wouldn't eat..I was feeding her sporadically to get her hungry and she was just losing weight... Gave this to her mixed with the puppy dry from Wellness and she went to it and ate every last piece. Good stuff a great relief.
8074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat has IBS and another condition. She is thriving very well on this food exclusively and she is 14 years old.
Single best dog 'toy' ever.
208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm new to clicker training but with the help of Karen's book, my dog seems to be responding to it. In fact today she got off her run and if it weren't for the clicker training, I would have had difficulty getting her back. I am looking forward to working my dog more with it.
4565	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It has taken me years to be able to throw a chuckit, I am a dog trainer and throw a lot of balls. I used the small pro 18 for my yard.  There are several weights of this toy, I can only handle the basic , lightweight model, I am not strong enough in the forearm and hand to handle the bigger version of this ( ultra grip). I bought this to replace the heavy ( utlra grip ) one  I keep on my bike. ( dogs and I bike then throw ball)

Chicken, Whole Grain Wheat, Corn Gluten Meal, Pork Fat, Powdered Cellulose, Chicken Meal, Wheat Gluten, Dried Beet Pulp, Chicken Liver Flavor, Soybean Oil, Lactic Acid, Fish Oil, Choline Chloride, Potassium Chloride, Calcium Sulfate, L-Lysine, vitamins (Vitamin E Supplement, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (source of Vitamin C), Niacin Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate, Vitamin A Supplement, Calcium Pantothenate, Riboflavin Supplement, Biotin, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Folic Acid, Vitamin D3 Supplement), Taurine, Iodized Salt, L-Carnitine, minerals (Ferrous Sulfate, Zinc Oxide, Copper Sulfate, Manganous Oxide, Calcium Iodate, Sodium Selenite), Mixed Tocopherols for freshness, Natural Flavors, Green Peas, Apples, Cranberries, Carrots, Broccoli, Beta-Carotene
Please read: [...]

Update:  Mr. Bill #2 had a shorter lifespan than Bill #1, but it may have been due to holiday stress. He now joins Bill #1's lifeless body on the shelf. Roscoe has mel been experimenting on Mr. Bill #3 for about 6 weeks, destroying moderately. Basically, I've come to find that each Bill doll's lifespan is going to be dependent on the dog, so if you're really interested in a long lasting toy, this may not be the one for you.
8688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats like
Please take care to feed your dogs and cats natural foods!  Read articles on rendered meats, your stomach will turn.  Take care!
But seeing how our two dogs love it and knowing that this 18lb. bag will last our two small dogs for quite sometime, I definitely recommend the Pro Plan Dog Savor Adult Shredded Blend Chicken and Rice Formula.
7766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Don't know didn't taste them , the cats love them so I took their word for it!! lol
Also, why are people giving bad reviews to the food for the packaging? Hey!! That has nothing to do with the food!! Youre rating the food, not the delivery.
4686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price and works great! Perfect for throwing tennis balls..my dog is very happy.
150	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love Pimpernel.  My first set was received as a gift in 1983.  Since then  I have 5 different large placemat sets and mix and match the patterns. My guests appreciate the fact that they don't worry about spilling sauce or gravy on their placemat because they wipe clean.  BEAUTIFUL!  I love the Jason pattersons also, but their placemats are a little too large for my table.
2104	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Takes abuse. Just like the SNL Mr. Bill, this toy puts up with A LOT!!!! Love it!!!!

The cats give this a sixteen-paw salute!  (Four cats, four paws each, you know...)
2690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is a small Chihuahua mix. She is very particular about her toys. She loves this one; runs around the apartment with it in her mouth or shakes it vigorously then lets it fly. She has trouble making it squeak, but I do not mind that. The lack of stuffing does not bother her at all, Out of the approximately a dozen toys I have bought her, this is one of the two she actually plays with so I bought a second to have on hand.

3788	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Before I got this one I got the Pet Net Barrier which was a complete joke. The next day I threw it out and bought this one. It went in much easier and is way more durable. It keeps my dogs in the back no problem. I only gave it 4 stars because it does have plastic clips that hold the bars in place, and if my dogs are rambunctious enough I fear they will jump on the bars and they'll snap, but they haven't so far. Very glad I bought this!
8791	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Firmed chunks of food with juice. Good for cats who like to eat pieces. One of very picky cats eats only this
PROs:
- very noisy, wakes you up at night
8632	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product for a good price. No complaints.
9055	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My picky feline LOVES this food
5038	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for my sister in law's dog and she loves it
spray the bottom of the tray with silicone from time to time.
-the plush material got really gross with drool on the outside more than other dog toy material
4434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are great.  But, they do break occasionally.
3055	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I would consider this one of my best buys for my dogs.  I initially bought it for biking with one dog at a time and it is perfect for that.  My younger dog will occasionally pull and having her connected where my weight is centered she does not pull the bike off balance.  When I'm biking in particular I like to use the BrilliantK9 vest because I think it's gentler and safer for the dog than using with the collar and is designed for an upward correction.  Anyway, the Buddy System Dog Leash has made biking easy and safe for both of us.
6359	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love these
9763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Sturdy pan but unfortunately I didn't read the dimensions properly and was unable to use as a high-wall box for a cat that always manages to go on the outside of the box while standing inside the box.
3450	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Controlling fleas is hard, as they are extremely robust little organisms.  Advantage works as well an anything else to control the fleas on our cats.  In the warmer months, we find them scratching again about a month after we apply this.  When we only had one cat, an application would last longer.  This is probably because there are now more fleas living other places in our house; the carpets, their beds, furniture, etc..  Treating the animal is only part of the flea solution.  You must vaccuum religously and keep their beds clean.  Also try Program if you are having a real hard time controlling fleas.
5762	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Heats up fast! I have thick hair and it does an excellent job on it!
1675	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I was betrayed by a dog "expert" that swears by these that they're the greatest thing ever.  I suspect Planet Dog has in fact betrayed them by letting their quality control slip.  The green parts are glued on, but not very well.  I don't leave any toys with my dog unsupervised but my puppy ripped Australia off and swallowed it in only a minute of play.  Several of the other continents are peeling off and hanging my a thread.  I felt like returning the ball with the green piece, poop and all.
Jellycat is my favorite brand of stuffed toys.  Each creature is carefully made, soft and cuddly, and very, very loveable.  Jellycat Dylan Dragon is no exception  5-stars from Grandma and her grandson!
8776	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I should start by saying my dog LOVES these. She would chew on them constantly if she could. The issue is that it is readily ingested. My pit bull is a heavy chewer and ends up eating her way through these. Then her poo and vomit is full of white, mangled plastic bits. I can't imagine it is good for her. :/
It's not loud. It's fairly true-to-time, though I think it's running in something like 6.75 hour increments rather than 6. The best part, though, is that my cat somehow immediately figured out that this emotionless machine is now in control of his food, and that meowing at me would do nothing to change his feeding schedule. I'm seriously cold when it comes to not rewarding that behavior - I'll let him go to bed hungry before I'll cave in and feed him to shut him up - but somehow he knew that yelling at me and getting fed must in some way be related. Now he thinks it's in the hands of this little flattened and earless R2D2, so we're fine.
5631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Golden fits 2 balls in her mouth so she doesn't have to give any back for me to chuck again.  With this she can fit 2 but the front one keeps falling out and give me a chance to pick up and chuck again.  Great size and so sturdy.
5589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this launcher with Chuckit's Ultra Ball. The launcher comes with a large tennis ball and the dog likes it but the Mega Ball Launcher with the Ultra Ball is a hit with my dog. I can throw the ball a long way, the dog gets a good run, and it's easy on my old arm. I am older with a puppy; the launcher prevents a sore arm.
6493	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Several months ago I wrote a review stating that "My 11-year-old dog Cody, 65-pound Rhodesian Ridgeback/Lab mix, loves this stuff!"
6070	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Just as described.  Fast shipping.  Will buy again.
7250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The texture is a bit more hard and gelatinous than the other pate wet cat food Ive tried. My cat seems to like the taste ok.
on these cuties, even at dinner. Wonderful tid-bits and not fattening.
8047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely LOVES these things. Just be careful where they leave it. Stepping on it is pure torture. It's like stepping on Lego's!
Another nice feature is that these are quite long - so tying the essential knot is yet another effortless advantage. And no worries about the environment - Mutt Mitts are as degradable as the contents inside them. We ordered the box of 200 last week - and they really are the best we've ever used. Considering we have two Old English Bulldogs a 95 pound six year old and 50 pound 5 month old puppy  - we should be ordering another 200 any time now.
6373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I had to use this litter temporarily per recommendation from my vet. Ever since, I have never gone back to regular litter. This litter is pellet-based, so it does not get all over the house and is very easy to clean up. My only complaint is that it doesn't control odor very well. I did try switching to another brand of pellet-based litter, and my cat refused to use the litter box. So Yesterday's News it is! If you add a wall plug-in or one of those automatic spray cans to the area, that does the job. I will note that this scented kind does control odor better than the unscented though. Definitely would recommend this product.
It stinks for about 10 minutes until the sensors on the Littermate initiate scooping action.
874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	According to the dogs who gobbled this down, it tastes mighty good.  I am happy that it is also good for them.  The price seems a little high.  You have to decide if your dog is worth it.
We clean ours twice a week on trash days so we can dump straight into the garbage that is going out to the curb that morning.  We use rubber gloves (the hospital kind) to pull out the boxes of used litter.  We dump those and put the receptacles back.  We only replace when the are really bad or tear when they are pulled out.

4742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD

4218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it!
3400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for a little over a year since my cats got fleas for the first time while living in a nasty apartment, so I know the product works well.  This seller is great, I received the product ahead of time, and they even gave me an extra dose for free!  This seller has the best price I've been able to find in a year, and they provided me with stellar service.  Thanks!
9139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy has been growing healthy and strong at a great rate. She's very active and this Feeds her well
3379	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a 19 pound Maine Coon male cat.  Maine Coons' have many layers of fur and all different lengths.  The under pelt is so thick you can't part it enough to see the skin.  He is an inside cat but still gets his Advantage Purple once a month for prevention.  There are many dogs in the area that roam loose so fleas can come in from the dog activity outside.  I like the ability to apply Advantage topically and Oscar tolerates it very well.  I have read reviews where professional animal care providers say that Advantage is the best topical flea medication available.  We get it through Amazon for far less than what the vet charges plus it's delivered right to our door.  No more "out of my way" trips to the vet!...and complete flea control.
She carried him around constantly but he finally fell apart from being loved.  I had this one waiting for Fido and as soon as she came in it was love all over again.
6800	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Got this food for my puppies, if it was from the west coast factory it made them sick, east coast factory they were fine. it was too much of a hassle to figure out which one it came from. Amazon was great with the return, but the product itself is unpredictable which is not something you need on a sensitive stomach like a puppy.
9399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 50 pound Golden Husky mix loves this toy. His favorite of all his Christmas gifts. Never out of his sight for long. At first I thought it may be too big for him but he has no problem to carry it everywhere he goes! Chews away.....and it stays unbroken. He is a very strong chewer.
1781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Out of nearly 50 toys my dog has this is her favorite. We call her "Lamby". She knows her name and will run to get her on command. Every day after she eats and goes outside for her morning duty she runs into the house and grabs "Lamby" for an hour of fun and squeaking noise. We have to replace "Lamby" about every 3 months or so as eventually this toy gets tears and the innards are removed. Our next door neighbors Yorkipoo loves to come over and this is the first toy she pulls out of the toy box as well. Hope Multipet Lambchops is always around!
633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my 5 month old Golden absolutely loves this treat ball.  She rolls it around and received a reward.
1504	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs favorite treat. When we have lunch he is ready for this treat.
3485	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a large English Golden Retriever and these mitts are the best ever. So dependable and make the chore of picking up dog waster much easier.
4016	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So I bought this for my 3 year old German Shepherd to give my throwing arm a break. He LOVES it. But I also found out that my 10 year old daughter uses it for batting practice. I guess if you swing it wrong it shows instant feed back on arm extension (or lack thereof) during swing...
It comes in a bag with a cool-looking dog on the front, which is not worth any stars because any dog food manufacturer could do the same thing, but he's still cool-looking, all proud of himself for having brought in the morning newspaper without mangling it like he used to or remembering to jump up and hit the button to CLOSE the garage door like he used to forget to do before bringing me the paper.
881	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these calendars!  Missed the boat this year purchasing it at Costco or Sam's Club (teach me to get sick at the end of a year); so, I was very happy to see I could find it on Amazon.  I hated paying more than I'm used to, but it's better than having my whole 2015 year with a calendar that has no function (pockets, lines, stickers, etc) and just pictures of cars, horses, cats, country singers, etc.
8076	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Took six cats a while to get used to it. Bought 5 flavors. Do not like the Turkey-at all. Love the Chicken & Herring and Turkey & Salmon. Jury is still out on the Chicken & Lobster and Beef & Chicken.
6395	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My sister recommended these, and they are fantastic - definitely worth the price for our sweet girl!
3473	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was very pleased with the strength and size of this product.  It does exactly what it is intended to do.  I feel much more secure using this product vs. some of the very flimsy bags that are available.
6313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was very excited to see Purina Pro Plan dog food for sale here on Amazon and at a very reasonable price. I bought some and I was very surprised I could see the actual dried chicken chunks in this dog food. Most dog foods say there is real chicken but you don't ever see the chicken pieces, just kibbles. In this one, I saw the chicken. My dog is usually very picky, so I was hoping he would like this food and eat it. He does like it and ate every crumb out of his doggy dish once I had served it to him. Purina makes good food, I think their best food is Pro Plan.
Save your money!
Science Diet:
7408	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I mix this with Wellness' dry food for small breed dogs. My Shih-zhu is very picky, but he usually its this.
7498	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	One of my kittens won't even touch this stuff, and the other just tolerates it because he is ravenous and eats everything . I hate it even more than they do because its basically impossible to get out of the damn can. I end up having to spoon it out which really sucks. More dishes to wash and not even to make my cats happy.
This is not one of them.
4029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for dogs that need to burn some energy.  If your dog is a chewer get the upgraded tougher balls.  The one it comes with isn't designed for super chewy dogs.  Lol great product regardless.  Purchased the larger one as well.
183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	going tp have fun with my new dog training
2861	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Too small for my pooch. I forget extra small is extra small
8471	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food!
5444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these things! They are just as much fun for the humans as they are for the pups. We have been using ours with the rubber glow ball that Chuck It makes and its lots of fun in the dark winter evenings, and help the pups get their exercise when we don't go on walks. Dont buy a Chuck It at a pet store, buy it here, its so much less expensive. The 26M was a perfect size for our Pittie Mix, and another Pittie that lives in our building.
It's the perfect size for our beagle, and almost the perfect toy. If the size we received is 'medium', I wouldn't order anything smaller for any dog except a Chihuahua.  I hope to find some more!
8745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It was smaller than I thought it was going to be. Hurts like hell when stepped on, beware.
7756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	sometimes i will mix this with dry food for my puppy, the smell is good, my puppy loves eating it(although she loves every type and brand i gave her).
6502	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had to switch my dog to a Venison diet and the prescription canned food stopped making it. Switched to this brand and my dog Snickers loves it.
3566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Indepensible!
1533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our sensitive stomached Lab mix has done well on these. I like the fact they are bone shaped, so I can shove in toys, yet soft enough that I can break them to only give him half as a treat.
6727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I feed this to the feral cats in my neighborhood.  They love it!
8815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Is fine fresh from the can, but gets pretty hard in the fridge overnight, more so than the chicken. Good to let it up with maybe a teaspoon of water per ounce, worked through the food as you serve it.
8533	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Should not be made for dogs
9299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties love this. Om nom nom nom nom. They are on a (mostly) all canned food diet per our veterinarian's recommendations and they like all the variety.
7775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After destroying one too many "indestructible" dog toys, this has become the go to for my lab mix. Keeps her occupied for weeks on end
2903	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My tiny 3-month old maltipoo tore it apart in less than 5 minutes.
6053	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was the second pet ramp that I ordered. I had to send the first one back (SolveIt brand) because it was total garbage for the exact same price. All the other ramps beside this one were made with sandpaper that cut my dogs paws and provided no traction for climbing. The PetSTEP is designed more intelligently, made of rubber with horizontal ridges that make it easy for your dog to climb and not slip. It also has guards on the sides, and provides good width. My dog who just had knee surgery was having a hard time getting into my Toyota highlander, and this ramp has really helped her regain confidence about going for car rides. It also has a 5 year warranty, and doesn't look like it plans on giving out any time soon. I walked up it (170 lbs) and it felt very stable. I saw that people complained about the weight and size, but it isn't any bigger or heavier than the first ramp I ordered - just a lot higher quality. Overall, good product that your dog can use for a long time.
6568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	some of the cans came very dented.
8878	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog like it
9258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats enjoy the choice and I am glad for the service.
3864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog drools over the chuck it. She could literally go for hours of my throwing the ball. Although the chuck it works with tennis balls, the chuck it ball are nice and bright and makes it  easier to see.
Whatever.
5943	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Reliable, updated version of an old standard. Not really confident in power by only 1 9v battery.
1684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this, puppy doesn't. Case closed.
2675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppies love this item
7615	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have been feeding this to my cats for years and even had it on subscribe and save.  They have recently watered down the recipe and called it "pate" and charging more.  I am cancelling my subscription and will no longer buy this brand cat food.  Out of integrity!
5818	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	First Impression: Nutri-Vet heard about my website! They decided to send me a bag of their Peanut Butter flavored biscuits. Well what dog doesn't love peanut butter??? Right now my hips are fine, but I'm a young pup at a mere 13 months. I'm sure as time progresses I'll run into some sore joints, just like all large breed dogs do. So I'm happy to know that there is something out there that can help, and tastes as good as this!
7894	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy was having some tummy upsets.  Wellness products were recommended and my dog is healthy and happy.  This is really a top quality product.
7713	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loved this.
(I believe this is the only ramp that the WeatherTech Floorliner Company carries).
6230	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cat's track it a little bit, but not as bad as conventional litter.
9695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love nylabone products. great item! dogs loved it.
6282	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've noticed a huge difference in my dog already. Just after 1 week!

8202	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it but to be honest, she thinks anything that comes out of a can is a special delicacy (she only gets one can a day and has dry food otherwise), so she may not be the best critic; she's more of a furry glutton.
4503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Save your arm.  It seemed like these things were up to $25 for years, but for $7 or $8 this is a no brainer.  As my puppy went longer and farther with fetching the ball, I was starting to hurt my arm.  This is a nice, simple product and easy to use.  I think Fergus would only give it 3 stars because she just wasn't ready for it, but she'll come around.
968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only food I've found that my cats will readily eat without becoming sick. All other brands I've tried they either ignore or they vomit out shortly after eating. Unfortunately, neither Petsmart or Petco carry this brand of catfood, so I have to order it here.
545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very good alternative to standard dowel perches.
3424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I looked at my local large pet food supply store and their price was ridiculous!  They wanted $63.99 for a 4 pack.  I paid less than that WITH SHIPPING for a 6 pack from Amazon.  With a multi cat household, I need the value.  Thanks Amazon for your great pricing and service

Please enjoy the photos I've included in my review. One shows the state of the packaging, the other shows the ravenous monster kitten (because I know you're really here for the kitten pictures).
1503	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A good, healthy dry dog food.  I like Nutro's products and feel good about feeding them to our dog, their treats are also good.  Our dog is fussy, but he likes anything Nutro I've given him so far.  I recommend it.
3521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good bags.
6698	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog was on this company's food for a little over a year, both canned and dry. At first everything was okay, but then my dog started having problems. He started drinking massive amounts of water. I called the Wellness company to find out the sodium level of the food. They said there was no salt in the food. He was always hungry on this food due to the high carbohydrate level. Then his hair started falling out, which we thought was due to his senior status. Then he became very bloated and gassy, yet I still did not consider that the food was the problem. I took him to the vet and she put him on a round of medication for his stomach problem. Because of his patchy hair loss, the doctor also thought he might have hypothyroid disease. The medication made the gas better initially but it came back worse than ever. I could barely stand to be in the same room with him -- it was so bad that I had to sleep with a can of Glade on the nightstand, and I had to put a blob of Vicks under my nose like a scene from Silence of the Lambs! Then he stopped eating. I took him back to the vet and we began a round of expensive tests. They found blood in his intestines. The doctor gave him another week of medication and switched him to a different food from the Hills company. Within a few days, the bloating and gas stopped. After a month on the new food, his hair grew back. He is more alert and obviously feels so much better. He is drinking normal amounts of water. Never again will I purchase this company's products. They took a healthy dog and nearly killed him. If we had continued to feed him Wellness, our precious fur baby would be dead now. It also cost us about $500 at the vet!! This food is lethal!! BYER BEWARE!
7032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cat loves this food. his coat gets super soft and shiny from it too.
476	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the collar on my Labrador for a year. Very happy with the performance of this collar. Did not have any issues with the dogs neck and did not bother her at all.
her check up this week (Monday afternoon) proved it. Veterinarian weighed her and she gained 1 whole pound!  Her bones are not protruding out anymore and she looks fuller, her fur look shinier than before! She is happy go lucky girl!
753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product--pricing needs to come down
9807	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arm & Hammer litter has a lot less dust compared to fresh step so I am changing to this litter for now.
I did have a problem with the specific package we received - it was missing 11 of the 12 waste tubs, the carbon filters, and the little brush. But after a couple back-and-forth emails with Amazon (who offered to accept a return, but kitty had already inaugurated the new one) and Fox International, who makes the litterbox, two packages showed up with all the missing parts, shipped by Fox. Thank You Fox!
3777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used these bags for many years and several dogs.  They are the best. There is no way you can get poop on your hands if they are used correctly.  I keep some in my dog bag that goes traveling with my dogs and in my dog walking coat pocket.  Buy the largest box to save a few pennies.
9991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works great
4327	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great, was the shorter of the models than I thought. Keeps my dogs excessive amounts of goo off my hands during playtime.

1543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been making delicious donuts using these cutters. Like that they are stainless steel.
5205	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works as described.
4147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GSDs love it
Runs small. Medium fits a large cat sized animal (see video). Large fits a medium dog or largish dog with a small head, but not a typical large dog (too small for an English Bulldog's head, for example).
9324	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Decent item, but not as well made as the red cone we had before.
Easy to open

8034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Puppy Blue Heeler loves this but he is not a Picky eater but will  stick with it for now will need to change to adult food in a few months.
1377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent my cat loves these treats
My vet recommended glucosamine as a preventive measure for my dog (a seven year old SPCA-special, mini Aussie/Border Collie mix), coupled with the need to shave a few pounds from her as an added preventive measure - ultimately, these biscuits, bits and pieces included, have replaced many of the more caloric treats I was giving my dog - that's why I don't mind the broken bit (yes, I was guilty of providing too many treats, hence the need for her to drop a bit of weight).  Although my dog doesn't have joint issues, she has dropped two pounds and if that's all the biscuits do for her at this stage, well, I still think we're both ahead of the game :)
5643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great thing to use to play ball with your dog and I highly recommend it.  I gave it only 4 stars because I have a toy poodle who is an avid ball retreiver but her mouth is so small that she drops the regular chuckit ball several times before she gets back with it.  It's painful to watch her struggle but she is so determined.  This is her most favorite thing to do.  I have stopped using the chuckit but wish they had a small one for the XS Kong tennis ball, which is her favorite and fits her mouth perfect.  I also have a miniature poodle, whose not into retrieving a ball, but the ball for the regular chuckit is the perfect size for him.  It's a great product for anything over a small toy dog and has many benefits to playing ball with a larger dog.  So hey chuckit, how about making a small one for those little toy dogs.
489	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only thing that combats the fleas in my area, nothing else works! Our indoor/outdoor cat tracks them in even in winter. Not even the vet prescribed stuff works. Our pup doesn't do water so it lasts about 7 months on her before I notice a few fleas here and there. As soon as we change her collar the fleas disappear.
6377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs ate this without too much reservation.  I have come to expect that the food with the lesser quality ingredients will be ones that they will eat quicker.  I like it because they eat it but I am not a huge fan of soy being an ingredient.  I love my mutts so I try to purchase the healthiest food for them that I can afford.  This one will not be number one on my shopping list.
My dog is hard on balls and the solid Ultra-ball stands up best to his rough play and chewing, also there is no fuzz like the standard tennis balls on the Ultra ball which is a huge advantage in the humid dew covered mornings of the north east.
I had originally written a second review for the longer 25M Chuck It. Either I, or Amazon messed up, and it looks like I can have only this one review. So, here are my additional thoughts on the 25M: I bought the 25M so that I could throw the ball even further! The good news is, you really can chuck further, with the longer chucker. The bad news is, those longer throws do require more arm and shoulder strength than when using the 18M. This becomes more obvious when you've done 3 or 4 dozen throws. I would recommend the 25M only for those with the youth and/or strength to get the most out of it. Otherwise, I'd say, go with the 18M.
619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It is great to find a toy that is posted as large for large parrots and IS for "LARGE" parrots.
5319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German Sheperd LOVES this!!
1524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these calendars!  Missed the boat this year purchasing it at Costco or Sam's Club (teach me to get sick at the end of a year); so, I was very happy to see I could find it on Amazon.  I hated paying more than I'm used to, but it's better than having my whole 2015 year with a calendar that has no function (pockets, lines, stickers, etc) and just pictures of cars, horses, cats, country singers, etc.
1868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my dog's favorite toy. He brings this toy to bed with him every night and brings it to me when he wants to play fetch. Perfect size for a 15-pound terrier. My dog loves the 5-point squeaker and the feel of the fur.
7141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this. Four paws up!!

9814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have plenty of chances to test different cat foods as I feed eight cats...this is a major favorite and a good healthy economical choice for cats of all ages
6449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this for a long time it's great when weaning puppies
3219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog stayed calm like it states when we were traveling
3077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use it regularly and is a very good purchase.  I walk with my  dog daily and usually walk 3 miles
9804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My current kitties LOVE this recipe!  My family and I rescued a young mother cat and her 8 babies (4 weeks old) from a car. Neighbors actually alerted us to this car and said the kitties had been in there for 5 days, I ran out of the house to check it out.  We called the Police who came promptly and found the person responsible.  We took in 2 kittens, our neighbor took 1 kitty and my older son came and took 1 kitty.  That left the mother and 4 kittens.  The lady whose cats they were convinced the Police that now she could take care of the rest. Well, the next day the mother and 4 babies were left on our porch!


6303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	oh god my dog LOVED this food, not only did she enjoy it but her coat is much shinier, her teeth are cleaner, her stools are perfect, she has lots of energy and seems healthier overall. great food!!
1143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works with the litterbox perfectly. Nice price.

There are far better products out there that do a better job.
8841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The large size is great.  Just what I was looking for.
1660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	4.5 stars if i could give half stars.  I was looking for a large enough bag, with as much privacy possible.  This bag has 2 side panels that you can roll up to allow more visibility, or keep down to allow minimal visibility.  It's roomy inside enough for my 17-lb french bulldog puppy.  The one complaint that i have about this bag is that the shoulder strap is not cushioned, and the rubber part should stay in the middle of the strap to provide minimal cushioning, but it slides off to the end and the strap easily slides, which creates a longer strap than i can handle( (I'm only 5'2").  after a few seconds, the lack of cushioning on the shoulder strap really creates a burn in my shoulder when I have to lug my puppy around.

2721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs love this. They are about ten pound dogs, and this fits them great. I love the Velcro so I can pop in new squeakers, but the dogs chew along the Velcro and rip them apart. I have different animal shapes, and this is the preferred one. I've had it several months, and this has no stuffing and no squeaker but they still look for it. One likes to suck on the torn strips like a pacifier, and the other likes to,toss it around as if it were new. I wish it lasted longer, but it does outlast non-Kong toys.
4907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a dog that loves chasing balls and you hate picking up slobbery balls, this is a great item.  They last forever and really help with tiring out high energy dogs.
4387	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Handy gismo.  Particularly for those folks with poor shoulder blades/sockets!!!!  All it takes is a flick of the wrist... not like throwing baseballs to home plate.
All in all, this dog food seems like a quality product. I like that it's grain free, wheat free and corn free, and contains a high protein content from meat and peas. It also smells good to me, and apparently to my dog too considering the way she gobbles it up. I wouldn't hesitate to buy it again.
6938	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I use this cat food all the time and have been ordering $17 which is ridiculous. I can get it cheaper at my local petstore,
1618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I gave 4 stars because my dogs love these treats but they are made in China. I should have paid closer attention to the package and the missing American flag. But the dogs love them!
9854	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy transitioned from Tiny bites to Small bites without any problem; loves each meal and I know the puppy is getting the nutrients it needs for growth and development.
5174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Probably the best dog toy invention in the last 10 years, I keep two of these around in case I misplace one!
4302	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs (lab & golden retriever) destroyed these in a matter of minutes, then I had to take them away for fear of choking.  DO NOT ORDER.  All of the rubber chuckit! balls are amazing and my dogs love them!


8254	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Breat, gighly recommend
1856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I think this toy is so cute.my only thing is the white color it gets dirty easy. It has held up good though. I put I. The washing machine on delicate and in the dryer on air dry. Lamp chops is holding up nicely so far.
4826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent
7296	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	She likes this enough, but it's so loud when it hits the floor or any hard surface!
People were also concerned about human exposure to the chemicals in the collars.... we have had no issues.  Both of my dogs sleep in the bed and they both have the exact same collar.  We have had ZERO issues.  My female did show a little redness on her neck when i first put the collar on her but that went away fairly quickly.  Now there are no issues.  These appear to work as advertised and I am satisfied with the product.
Better surface than other products
999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this leash! I have a 120 lb. rottie/shepard mix. Hes a big, strong boy and he likes to explore while on our walks, so the length is really great. I feel very secure using this heavy duty leash. I have just ordered a new one, as the one i have is about 2 years old and the spring inside which rolls the tape back up has kind of loosened up and the first foot or so of tape dosent retract anymore. But i cannot complain at all after using this for almost 2 years, almost daily. So its a great product, and i hear they are going to discontinue them. I hope not. This is the best leash ive ever owned!!!!
Chicken, Chicken Meal, Lentils, Peas, Turkey Meal, Pea Protein, Pea Fiber, Chicken Fat (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols), Ocean Fish Meal, Apples, Natural Flavors, Flaxseed, Dried Eggs, Potassium Chloride, Choline Chloride, DL-Methionine, Taurine, Salmon Oil (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols), Calcium Sulfate, Carrots, Pumpkin, Parsley, Cranberries, Blueberries, Lettuce, Celery, Beets, Watercress, Spinach, Dried Chicory Root, Broccoli, Spearmint, Almond Oil (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols), Sesame Oil (Preserved with Mixed Tocopherols), Yucca Schidigera Extract, Dried Kelp, Thyme, Vitamin A Supplement, Vitamin D3 Supplement, Vitamin E Supplement, Zinc Sulfate, Niacin, Ferrous Sulfate, L-Ascorbyl-2-Polyphosphate (Source of Vitamin C), Calcium Pantothenate, Thiamine Mononitrate, Copper Sulfate, Riboflavin, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Manganese Sulfate, Zinc Proteinate, Folic Acid, Calcium Iodate, Manganese Proteinate., Copper Proteinate, Sodium Selenite, Biotin, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Rosemary Extract, Dried Lactobacillus Acidophilus Fermentation Product, Dried Enterococcus Faecium Fermentation Product, Dried Lactobacillus Casei Fermentation Product
3726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These really do the job while protecting your hand from soiling. Large, easy to use, heavy duty, biodegradable. They work exactly as advertised.
2135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So big for a great price
4731	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It throws a tennis ball better than my worn out arm does. It's simple and effective to tire out my fetch happy dog.

6481	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food and usually eat most of it which I put on top of dry cat food. What the cats don't eat the possumscome along in the evening and finish it all of.
8824	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Because of the discription it is misleading when is says and assortment pack. It is only one.  They are also tiny, which shouldn't be given to any dog near 50 pounds. As you can see with the other horror stories of dogs going to the vets.  I sent mine back ASAP.  No 6 dollar bone is worth a 300 if not waaay more vet bill.
5186	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I noticed a lot of people at the dog park using these.  Truly great for keeping dog slobber off your hands.  Very easy to use. Hold onto the handle and pretend you are throwing overhand, but stop short and the ball sails out. Maybe obvious to you and I, but I have seen a few folks looking sheepish when they couldn't make it work right off - My dog loves to chase and retrieve, and this keeps my arm from getting sore.
9452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The cats are happy with it.  Same varieties you can get in the store.  I like the subscribe and save for this product, it's one of those that's nice to have delivered to your door.

1438	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My niece loves!!!
1749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is hilarious, and my dog loves him.  It's durable and constructed well too.  We could be in another room and hearing "Oohhh Noooo!" randomly has us cracking up :D  Would definitely re-buy and gift this!
5550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you happen to have a dog that loves fetch, but aren't blessed with the strong arm muscles/coordination needed to throw the ball as far as your dog would like, this toy is for you! I can launch the ball probably 50 yards with this thing (I won't embarrass myself with my distance without the chuck-it), and this one is small enough (the sport one) that it is easy to hide from the dog inside your jacket.
5959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It is great - just looses a bit of time now and then.  I had two before
4912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a big back yard, double lot size, so my pup has lots of room to run. I'm able to get the ball almost from one end of the lot to the other with very little effort. This thing is saving my shoulder, which is important to me, and sending the ball further and faster, which is important to my large energy-filled pup. Glad I ordered extra balls because my pup was able to split the included ball after a month of hard daily play, but then little escapes destruction when she puts her mind and jaws to the task.
7741	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this.
4005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog chewed them up in minutes...but he chews baseballs in minutes too....
403	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Put one on my Golden every 6 months.  Keeps the bugs off him.
1180	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I prefer this automatic litter box over the others.  I cant tell you how easy it to have and the upkeep cost is very low.  You can also obtain a hard shell insert instead of using the disposable ones.  I owned this product and ended up going back to this product!
PROS:
As knowledgeable, informed buyers, were no longer willing to play Russian roulette with our pets health and we owe the sellers/manufacturers no loyalty.  There are too many manufacturers of pet food today all competing for pet owners hard-earned money, so if one lets us down, we have options.
2874	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	7 month old Golden retriever puppy vs toy= 10 minutes.
4014	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Took a little time to break in the plastic but works great. I take it with me on all my Dog sitting jobs. Keeps everyone running the whole time. :) Just the right size for most residential neighborhoods.

3564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They are made of a good thick plastic, too, so at least for small dog stuff, you don't even feel warmth like you do with cheap bags. They also hold a lot more! And aren't see-through, and don't let odors seep out.
9968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	really fantastic, all the kittens love it and the older cats play with it to. a great buy.
1025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used to use American tools like Sears Craftsman and Skill Saws for 20 years. The problem is that the motors are not well made. They last well, but they start up with a jerk which is not a great thing, you have to wait a second and let them calm down to use them. If you are in the middle of a board or piece of plywood then you have to try to hold them so they don't jerk a knoch out of the board. Also they are loud and noisy. I use a head set so the noise does not effect my thinking - consentration about what I am doing. This Makita has better winding on the motor and better brushes so is purrs to life and you don't have to worry about it jerking in your hand. It is also quite. It feels balanced and is simple to cut with, of course the blade you use is everything. The aluminum housing is great too, it is a snap to line up a cut and keep it lined up through the board. But this saw or the Bosche would be my pick. I am a contractor in Florida.
5796	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are a good solid muddlers. One solid piece of plastic. Our one comment is we wish the head if the muddler were a bit bigger. They fit inside of the glass just a bit small. Still feel like they were a good buy.
4848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it. Have to get a new one after he wore out his old one. He can play with this all day.
6498	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has a heart condition and I was looking for a product that was low in salt.  Wellness was the lowest one.  Rosie loves the treats and the wet /dry food.  It was no problem converting her to another brand.
9410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This brand was recommended by my Vet and my cat has been getting this formula for a few years now.
7737	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have two dogs, an Australian Shepherd mix and an American Bulldog mix. One is a more "aggressive" chewer than the other. I always give chews and bones while supervised. Both of them started to make quick work of these, and within minutes one of my dogs was hacking up the tiny shredded pieces of this chew. It fell apart so quickly and easily! I would not personally buy these again.
289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because I train my dog in public places (park and sidewalk) and this harness really does the trick so he would not be disturbed by other people with or without dogs during his training. The shipping was fast and it came exactly as described.
3177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This helps to take the edge off of my anxious chihuahua. I give him one 2-3 times a day to help with his separation anxiety and before stressful events like fireworks. I have a prescription for him for stressful events, but except for car rides, this treat has kept him calm enough to not need the prescription the past couple of months. So I am now a monthly subscriber. The price has been reasonable too.
The leash however is really long---way too long for my purposes, and even adjusted to the shortest possible, there is too much slack then in the leash between the 2 sections, causing it to become entangled....an adjustment in design would take of this, or add sliders on leash that would hold the leash together. I also bought the lunger, which works better for me, for training purposes . Runners would probably also like it, if you have  strong dog that would lunge-control stays with you, not the dog.
Google my name to Learn more......
9990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finally, a toy our Golden Retriever likes but hasn't been able to destroy. It fits nicely in his mouth and he loves to carry it around.
4183	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This device holds the Chuckit brand ball perfectly as well as just about any other regular size dog ball.  It allows you to toss - rather sling- the ball about twice the distance as you can with just your arm.  If you have a dog that will actually bring the ball back to you- I don't- this can provide a great afternoon of play.  Lightweight and durable- too bad it's not made in the USA.
|~O~~~~~~~|
3238	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I bought these because we were taking our two Pugs on a road trip, and they don't really like riding in the car.  They travel in crates in the back seat, and I was hoping these wafers would just help them to lay down and go to sleep.  No such luck...  I didn't notice that they made any difference at all.  Plus, the first ingredient on the label is brewers yeast, which is not good for dogs.
1450	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend purchase the much more expensive Beach Body 21 Day Fix version of this portion control kit.  I will tell you how they are the same and how they are different.
9957	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too hard for doggy gums. Took it away after only 2 days play and tossed it in the trash.
9214	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and my cats love it.
don't worry about the pan being damp.
735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Happy cats!!
Whippet.
3741	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	use it every day, can only strongly recommend it! very handy, fits everywhere, extremely durable and easy to use. a must-have!
4234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	But still a solid product, dog loves them, they're highly visible in water or snow, and are durable. But like all tennis balls, they get a bit icky, and you can't really rinse them as well as the Ultras.
380	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These collars work great on our pets and we have no flea problems at all.
4440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! I can throw the ball across the park with hardly any effort.
2762	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these little kong squeaky  toys!!!!

8626	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats also love it.
7748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our two 7-month old kittens absolutely love this food! They literally go crazy for it. Buying in bulk on Amazon is super convenient and cheaper than buying at a local pet store. My only issue is that lately the food has been more watery than usual and appears to be not as much food. Has anyone else noticed this as well? Hopefully Wellness can work to fix this issue as it's otherwise a great quality product.
5106	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great! Uses regular tennis ball-sized balls which is helpful.
2833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tiajuana Outlaw highly recommends Kong toys to all toy fox terriers.
8540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this brand of canned cat food and the price is fantastic.  This is where I will be getting all of their canned food.
114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This calendar is beautiful! The prints are fun and have fantastic color, the grid is also very clean with lots of space for notes. Only complaint is the pages are not glossy so sharpies will bleed through (which is my pen of choice for calendars).
- keep the litter level within the correct range.
8913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dog enjoyed it a bit, its good for their teeth, so I guess its worth four stars, my German shepherd just wasn't crazy for it.
2885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loved
7097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys love it. Now make it.less expensive and.you will enjoy their support for life.
3417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just so you know, your cats can become immune to the different flea medications and you have to make a change.
3318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, use all the time!
4958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My lab loved this kept her chasing the ball for hours
1736	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a 3 year old Maltipoo.  After 2 hours he had chewed off the belt buckle, the red circle "mouth", and the right hand.  I was hoping this toy was more durable.
There is very slight seam, which is to be expected when buying "cheap"" crystal. The way it is positioned, along with the pattern on the glass, makes it barely noticeable. You will only see it if you really search for it. I am picky and I usually never buy any type of crystal or glass that has a seam - this was the first time and it was only because it isn't noticeable and the price was too good to pass up.
6650	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I took in a 6.2 lb, senior Miniature Dachshund. She was abandoned in the woods with horrible flea dermatitis and very few teeth. The day after rescuing her we took her to the vet and found out this malnourished little dog was pregnant! I immediately started looking for a high quality canned puppy food to put her on and found Wellness! I've seen some people on here complain about the runny texture, but it is perfect for her since she can't chew. She LOVES this food, is already getting some new hair growth on her back, and gave birth to a healthy baby boy a few days after starting it. She is producing plenty of milk for her baby and eats her meals with vigor. When he is ready, I will wean him onto Wellness Just for Puppy!
2745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great
Someone once told me that flowers are God's thoughts in physical form......

The only thing that was a personal hang up for me is the use of lamb. I don't understand why anyone would choose lamb for their animal as a protein source over beef, chicken, or a fish protein source. Maybe if it was mutton I wouldn't feel bad about it, but I don't use lamb (or veal, for that matter) in my own personal life and I don't generally use it for my pet. But that's not a knock on Nutro, I would just get a different flavor if I was getting their product again (which I wouldn't hesitate to do). Yes, it's pricey - but so is all high quality, grain-free dog food. Nutro is priced in line with competitors.
3662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The miser in me was using plastic grocery bags and quickly learned they make an icky mess worse.  Saw these on sale and gambled on them.  What a difference!  I can dutifully pick up after my dog without dirtying my hands.  Only 4 stars because they are absurdly expensive.  But with 200 in the box, they should last a long time.
1927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it.
5355	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog Charlie LOVES balls. I bought the standard orange Chuckit and it was his favorite ball. To challenge him, I wanted to see if I could try some different kinds of balls so I ordered these:

6789	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My chihuahua is picky. I mix dry kibble with wet food. I tried this product bc I've read that they're considered healthy.

According to Halo's website they have changed the formula and it is in a white jar. The ingredients on this page listed under, "important information" lists the ingredients of the new formula only. To read the ingredients of the black jar blow up those pictures.
4275	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Someone wrote that this is the right size for normal tennis balls, but it seems that normal tennis balls are a little too big and it makes it very hard to use. Not happy with this. I do not like any Chuckit! product that I have bought so far. They make their products so that you can't use any tennis balls except theirs and I won't buy another Chuckit! product.

3231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
8829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this product. I live in a rural area so Prime Pantry is convenient. Good prices & fair flat shipping rate.
4793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Didn't realize it was a bigger than standard tennis ball, but the dog loves it.
8274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy has been eating this food since we adopted her and she loves it. The pieces are small and easy to chew.
7552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats seem to like the Nutro Lite Adult canned food. I feed them this canned food twice a week and they clean their bowls. I highly recommend this product.
3558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product!
8315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats always like this
7763	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the best brand of dog toys. My EB has not been able to destroy these!!
9760	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have another use for them,  I will make grass beds out of them!
5742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, high volume 13-1/2" tall faucet.  Easy install but would prefer wider sink flange for added stability. If you want a tall faucet, this is a great price, value and construction.  If you want this for dispensing filtered water the flow may seem low due to resistance at the filter, but it works well with half inch or larger supply.to filter.
6519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these and they actually sink.  Plecos LOVE em.
9318	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	my dog didn't go for it
The box itself has been dumped and cleaned every other month. The comb is held in place by two screws and is easily removed from the engine to be cleaned. I soak the bottom pan and comb in an antibacterial  cleaner solution, and after it's dry use Scotchguard on both.
Recently, we purchased a couple of cans of MAX CAT at a pet specialty store. Surprisingly, all three of the beggars chowed it down to the glaze on the dish.
2478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog sister  loves lamb chop,  this is her third one ..the last one she pulled apart and took out the big squeaker..she has this one since June so let's keep our fingers crossed....they are a reasonable price ,so they are easy to replace..
7543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Strong and long lasting.  (1 Rottweiler, 1 German Shepherd, and 1 Schnauzer)

It's been about three months since we got this toy. It is by far my dog's favorite! (Especially at sleep time- what a brat) Today I finally had to switch out the squeaker.  The Velcro closure ended up not being a problem at all. From all the squeezing it ended up so securely closed, that it was even a bit difficult to open today. The mouth and one of the ears has been mangled a little. Again, this toy is my dog's absolute favorite!
Also, Mr. Bill has lasted a lot longer than most stuffed toys. I mean, he's lost some of his fluff, but usually my dog would have done in a toy like him by now.
258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat does not like
4602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Very cool but kind of needs to be stiffer for bigger, stronger folk as it flexes too much on the throw.  It floats, even the glow balls they say don't float, float.. yay.
7841	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are a great 'babysitter' for our active Border Collies.  They last so long, and keep them occupied.  Nylabone DURA are the only type I get and love that they make the DURAs in such great styles.  Each of the three dinosaurs is unique.  I only wish we would be able to select a specific dinosaur from the three styles, but -- we get what we get.  And, although that is disappointing to me, perhaps not that much to our dogs.  (However, if I order 2 or 3, I seem to get all the same style.  Now that would be nice if I got one of each. Hint, hint.)  Otherwise, love these!!
4942	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has saved my arm!  I use it almost daily for my pittbull who has endless energy.  Where we would go in because my arm was starting to hurt, we now go in when she can't get up, lol.  Love this!  The handle has held up well and so has the ball.  I was worried based on other reviews about her tearing it up so I bought a plastic ball from Chuckit in case that happened.  However, we are still on the original ball.  I do put it "up" when not in use so that she can't tear it up playing around the house with it.  LOVE this thing!  I even showed it to my neighbor when I had to run into his fenced in back yard b/c I threw it soooo far.  It did take a little getting used to since you really can "chuckit".
5322	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog can chase a ball for hours, but unfortunately the family doesn't last that long. I was originally skeptical about this, but I had seen someone at the park with one and thought I would give it a try. It does take a few times to figure out the ideal launch, but after that this works like a charm. My young children are able to join in the fun now too. The added bonus is how the launcher will retrieve the slimy ball without my having to touch it.
Care must be taken if using in a fenced enclosure--the ball can travel quite a distance when "chucked". I have gone into neighbors yards several times to retrieve an overthrown ball.
4624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this thing! Now I can play Fetch with my dogs without getting my hand slimy!


5768	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price.
1144	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Never ordered them
2764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	the only toy my dogs have torn apart
Your dog will enjoy hours of fun with mr. bill.
Nylabones can be a little more expensive, but our dogs love them, and they are safe for our fur-babies and always made in the USA. For that, Nylabone will always continue to have my business!
So, all in all, this is a pretty darn good alternative for my cats. I've even created a monthly subscription to it, and will likely keep feeding it to them until a better option (within my budget) appears.
5099	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price, I can definitely throw it further with the longer handle.
7676	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love these
8779	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Miss prissy cat pants is not impressed...LOL
6164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Arrived on Monday, found the first tick ever on my dog Tuesday, super easy to use, pulled the head and all!
5244	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great in open fields.  To easy to throw it too far in the back yard.
8848	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love it
8711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's fine
725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boys love plush toys, These have lasted several wash and dry cycles. Worth the money.
4996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderful! Especially for some of us old folks that can't get any distance on the ball!
4033	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Durable but didn't realize they do not squeak.
Conclusion: Tastes great, no animal bi-products, resealable bag, and it tastes like PB!
7883	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this dog food! Arrived quickly!
Im giving the toy 4 stars strictly because my girls love it so much but be aware that it has a fragile face which is a tempting chewing target.
5665	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my best friend since she has a couple of yellow labs and she was looking for an easier way to throw a ball for them to chase.  The fact that you do not have to touch the slimy ball once they bring it back is a MAJOR bonus !!  I bought her both the regular size and the Jr.  Breeze now lets my best friend know when it is time to play with the Chuck It.  What a great idea / toy!!
6666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price and variety for the pate friskies. I would however recommend friskies trying to become healthier. There is too much grains in these that aren't healthy.
The ultra balls and this thrower are a GREAT combo.
2238	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Arrived on time and my puppy loved it.
3631	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	4 dogs here, these bags make the chores much easier!
6517	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 cats, and multiples of these all over the house. They are of a good size for the kitty to stand on while scratching so it doesn't move around on them. They get used all the time. The catnip is a plus.
4614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is super active and loves chasing the ball. This makes it much easier to throw the ball farther without wearing out before my dog does. Well made, nice plastic, decent ball. We love it!
8725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat's love the Taste- We love the price- Smells good, unlike other cat food
9662	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	my dog doesn't like it
7441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs is very picky.  He used to turn his nose at dry food until I switched the dry to wellness (three years ago) and now he always eats it, even without the canned.  I add the canned in the morning with his medicine.  It masks his arthritis medicine pretty well but he still spits out the benadryl.  The cat likes to get a bite of the turkey but will not touch the chicken.
2446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it!
8950	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats love this food.
5536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this when I purchased the medium max glow ball.  I love it because not only does it enhance my wimpy throwing, but it saves my gloves when I'm playing with my dog in our super muddy backyard.  I wouldn't purchase it for a super small space because I have to be careful not to throw it over our fence.  The ball really does go a long way when you use this. I definitely recommend using it if you have enough room.
7222	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	DENTED, UNUSABLE CANS - I am very disappointed in Amazon for selling dog food in these damaged cans.  I am sorry I did not read reviews from people who received these dented cans with spoiled food inside, before making my purchase.  It is so disappointing to take a can from the box only to see it dented in several pieces, with very questionable looking/smelling food inside. I have already thrown a few of the cans away, and today will be buying from the local store again, where I can view what I am buying before making the purchase.  The cans had to have been packed already dented, because the box they arrived in was perfect - no signs of the box being damaged.  Since I am a senior who has been repeatedly satisfied in my purchases from Amazon, I thought it would be helpful not to have to lug heavy cans of food from the store, instead having them arrive at my door.  NOT WORTH IT.  I will not give my dog inferior food, which is what this is.  The quality of the food, as others have said, is not the same as what I have purchased at the store; it is runny and odd consistency.  Amazon, you need to do better if you are going to keep the trust of your customers.
9568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product
5435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A total must have if your dog likes to play fetch.  The adults and 12 year old son use the longer Chuckit and my 8 year old daughter prefers the 12M size.  I'm a terrible thrower and playing fetch with my fetch crazed dogs would be an exercise in frustration without the Chuckit.  I find it much easier to control my aim using this.  Did I mention I'm a terrible thrower?  I'm actually pretty decent when I use the Chuckit. They're awesome.
7712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It took months to find a food that my old Staffie could eat and not be very sick.  He'd lost 7 lbs when I found this.  He's so much happier and has his energy back.
The weakness of the product?  Well, I've bought two now because I stuck my first one in my pocket and it must have fallen out at some point during our walk back from the park near my parent's house.  This is all my fault so I'm just warning you guys.  My 4 star rating is based on the horrible ball that comes with it.
3756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love these bags.  They are strong, easy to use, and priced right.  I was especially impressed that I ordered them from Amazon one day, they shipped the next, and they arrived the day after that.  We have bought these from Amazon on a regular basis for several years now and will continue to do so.  And I think the price has come down since we started ordering them.  I can't believe we got them so fast!  We have two dogs and the 200 count lasts about three to four months with picking up their poop every day.  My husband likes them better because they are thicker than most poop bags and don't tear, especially in the winter when the ground is frozen and harder to deal with.  We highly recommend them, especially for big dogs and in harsh winter climates, where you have to pick up after them.
5712	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are a really neat way to store some dry items, only improvement is for them to make the opening slightly larger. I would love to fit some cereal in here without crushing it. Otherwise a great high quality product!
5774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cute!  Very cute...my only concern,  the top glass doesn't seem to be of much quality and is sturdy, not specifically shaped for the lamp.
6550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. Healthy, dog loves it
6250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two finicky felines prefer the Friskies canned food, one, my Aby, will even nose out her Siamese brother to get his food.  It is great to get the food delivered, and at a cheaper price than I have been paying at the grocery store.  I have trouble getting around due to some physical problems, so the free delivery is especially nice for me.  My Aby will worry me constantly if she thinks I have forgotten to feed her on time.  No way to forget when feeding time has come with her around.


784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cats get them every day,they enjoy them
6723	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I want to give this 5 stars but I am torn. The product is good. It's bubbles. But my cat was not interested. At all. I used the whole jar of bubbles to try and get her to play. But I'm not really sure this is the products fault. I think she just doesnt care about bubbles. I mean she is cat. But I have fun trying to play with her. I can definately see that some cats would love to play with it.
6233	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mine love this!
3352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pests love my pests.  This kills off the pests I don't want and helps to keep them from coming back.  Hardest part is getting my cats in a leg lock long enough to get it on them, but they aren't very helpful animals in general.
I ordered a Kurgo nylon 'easy install' barrier first...after an hour of fudging with it in the blistering heat i never managed to get it fully intalled. Mostly due to the fact that it has to be wrapped around little parts of the seat in various points which were inaccessible in my mini cooper. After you put this one together it just slides into place using pressure springs.
2315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love them.
6878	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy
3973	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I would like to know where these are manufactured; my dog's mouth has become quite inflamed and we are wondering whether the cause is these balls or something in the dye or materials.[[ASIN:B0081Z77QG Chuckit! Large Tennis Ball 3 inch, 2-Pack Shrink Sleeve Package
6590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats were so excited. They were waiting all morning for delivery. I split up 2 cans/flavors at once, and they are so peaceful. I used to buy nothing but Meow Mix. Now we have a new house favorite. This variety pack is A-1! I recommend.
This is perfectly normal dog food.
9239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog likes them. They smell.
3220	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work very well for our little 11-pound yorkie.  We got them to use when we moved to a new house and to help with her separation anxiety.  They really seem to help calm her down a bit without making her drowsy.  I definitely recommend giving them to your dog at least 30 minutes before an event, such as taking them to the vet, in order to give them plenty of time to work.  Also, the calming effect doesn't seem to last more than a couple of hours, but overall they worked for us very well!
I had heard that some people were buying this in pet stores and inside the packaging and blister seal was another product (Advantix for large dog), but buying through Amazon so far I have never had that happen. I still check each tube before administering the medicine though. I don't know if I have just been lucky, because our Dentist's receptionist said she just went through this when she bought the product at the pet store. I still strongly recommend this product though. Just check everything to be sure.
9535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good size litter pan for my large cats.
I have three cats and I always have 2 of these boxes in use.  Primarily I bought them after I adopted a rescue kitten - who as it turned out, has the coronavirus that can cause Feline Infectious Peritonitis (FIP). Some apparently healthy cats may carry the virus which can be shed intermittently in bodily fluids or feces, with feces being the most common source of oral infection.
8520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs are having a great time with these!
4105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for chucking the ball and not tiring out your arm
6656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best product, I use it for my pup.

9928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are affordable and are a great size.
1397	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it.  It fits in all my bags and at home it stays right by my chair.  Love, love, love it
6989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats love it.
8721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog likes them, but she is not crazy about them. I will be buying a different flavor. I love this brand because everything is natural and it contains no harmful ingredients.
6477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fish love it and they're happy to see me in the morning for a feeding.  This is great for larger koi (my biggest are about 2 - 2.25 feet) and they love it.  I also feed the medium for the smaller ones in the pond.  They haven't had any health issues since I started feeding them this.

Best of luck to you and your kittens!
1540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The product was exactly like it was advertised.  I have used the calendars with envelopes ever since I can remember, and this is one of the prettiest, sturdiest calendars I've ever had.  What's more, the shipping came immediately!  It was here for January 1, although I ordered it late!  Good service for a good product!  The attached envelopes at the bottom of each month are handy for keeping notes to myself, doctor's appointment cards, addresses or phone numbers--whatever you need to keep handy and be more efficient.
5954	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Simple and worked well for me for years. Would definetly recommend. Ideal for cat when when leaving for 2-3 days.
9570	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Recommended by two of my vets and loved by my Boston Terriers.  It is so convenient to have shipped to my home via Prime.
6596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 4 month old got k laser declawed spayed and Home Again, and vet insisted on YN. I bought the softer pellets. Love it. No tracking. The 26.4 pound bag lasts about 6 weeks. Every day I sift out the poopies with my litter scooper. Two 5 pound chihuahuas and now my little kitty that was living in the woods...got to love 'em....Just ordered this for $14.03, Just got second second delivery. Amazon needs to put lots stronger tape and better box so it will stay closed. But I love the product. Will order again. Thanks...

4209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Simple toy, but if you have a retriever, they'll love it ... so will your rotator cuff.
-exercise dog more quickly and more efficiently.
According to the dog books I've read, you should keep back about 20% of your dog's toys at all times, then rotate them so that he always has a "new" toy. Getting cheap ones like these is a good way to execute that strategy since you won't have to pay an arm and a leg for an army of toys.

9478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great litter pan.  I have 2 cats and they both seem to like their own litter pan to go in.  I love the extra large one.  The sides are high enough that it keeps most of the litter in the box.  I have cats that like to kick litter all over the place so this helps keep "most" of the litter in.  I have larger cats so this size is perfect for them.  Another thing I like is that scooping pee and poop is easy in this pan.  Even if you have cats that like to pee in the corner of the pan, this one is so much easier to clean than other pans.
8817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it!
You have to set the timer 6,12 or 24 hours ahead of time because the timer isn't digital. You can't enter a start time. Example- if you need it to go off every 12 hours, you'll have to fill it up and start the timer 12 hours before the time you want your pet's first feeding to be. I set mine for every 12 hours at around 9-10 am before I leave and it feeds my cat at 9-10 pm, then at 9-10 am, and so on.
5148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Item shipped quickly, was high quality, and works nicely.
2882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My small dog loves this "little" toys.  When he chews on it, it does squeek.  He has a few of this unstuffed toys and enjoys them all.
My dogs will chew this if there is nothing available, but they tend to not enjoy it.  It's heavy, and they don't like the points too much.  they prefer the Benebones hands down.
3425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I use Advantage on all my cats every month.  The price and time it took to receive it was terrific.  The product is really good & I don't worry about fleas or ticks because of it.
1114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, exactly as described. Very nice quality. Happy with purchase.
no more vomiting in our carpet. Our vet said that after he recommended removing
757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Repeat customer on anything Blue Buffalo for the fur babies.  They love these - even one of mine with a finicky stomach.
451	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	2500$ when dog chewed off collar!  Cant digest!
265	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can't find this locally anymore and it's the only one my cats will eat. Great product that helps with hairballs!
4200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wish it came with the actual chuck it ball, not the tennis ball (which didn't last 5 min). Got the smaller size (18M) because it's more portable but still throws far enough to tire out my pittie
4366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Small, but works great

5647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Are you sick and tired of picking up slobbery, wet, drool dripping tennis balls? Then the answer to your problems is in the Chuck It. I can spend hours at the part with this toy playing with me dog. It's very sturdy and easily grabs the ball from the ground. It did take some time to be able to adjust how I threw the ball with it so that it didn't just fly into the ground (I put too much arm swing into it). This toy helps you throw the ball farther than with just your arm and keeps your hands clean. The Chuck It does come in a few different sizes also, depending on the size of your dog. It also comes in a variety of colors. Something else that I like about this dog toy is that the balls come in BRIGHT colors so I never loose them!
1049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this to go with the new generation sunflower tube feeder. It's really easy to install. I now have more birds and larger birds hanging out at my feeding station.
431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best defense against fleas & ticks, works for a long time & well worth the money
7321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	thanks so much!
8548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A bit bigger than I was expecting but my boys seem to really enjoy them. I have been happy with this brand as a whole for grain free treats.
9200	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good dog food..
3404	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I usually go to Advantage when the flea season starts (and it always worked good), but Costco had the cat Frontline and I tried that this time (I figured they were all pretty much the same).  Boy what a MISTAKE!!!!  My flea population EXPLODED on Frontline!!!  I had my 2 cats and 2 dogs on the Frontline, and they were all itching and scratching with fleas.  I waited for the month (literally picking at least 30 fleas off each of my dogs every night by hand to try and help), and then went back to my Advantage.  The day after applying Advantage, I found 1 flea on my dog (I have long hair cats, and I cannot see the actual fleas on them, but I can on my dogs)  and it was almost dead, it just fell off her (on Frontline, I went from having about 15 fleas fall off my dogs while bathing them before the application, to almost 100 while they were on it, so they had A LOT of fleas when I applied Advantage).  My cats are not scratching constantly anymore.  In 1 day, this product did what the people at Frontline told me would take up to 6 months for their product to do!!  Advantage SAVED my animals and house from being COMPLETELY infested with fleas (gross).  This stuff is amazing, and I will always use Advantage!!!
9616	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs (two, and yes I had to buy two of these) love these! Does help keep their teeth clean. Just don't step on one in the dark.
117	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as advertised.  Works great!  The price was a little steep, but when you're buying a discontinued item, that's the reality.
We have several litter boxes of varying sizes. Currently I am using a
186	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fine
7272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for mixing with dry food, my dog loves it!
At this price point, and the added convenience of Amazon delivery, there really isn't another option than to get this food for your kitty. I can assure you they will thank you for your decision.
4115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works so well you may be fetching the ball from your neighbor's yard! Happy with function and stands up to kid play as well.
1947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my pup for christmas, she's already trying to unwrap her gift!! Good quality, loud sqeeker!
6311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Quality dog food for a great price.
7083	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Convenient and cheaper than buying at the supermarket. My cat is very picky and gobbles down this wet food!
5750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I think these pegs are better than the standard ones that come with the machine!

4569	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As described
565	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it
3107	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my wife to walk our baby daughter and 2 to 4 of our 4 dogs.  Believe it or not, she actually could walk the baby in the carriage and 2 small (~30lb) dogs on this leash while walking our other tinier dogs on conventional leashes.
1965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great dog toy. It's super soft and well made. My dog loves playing with it.
4465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great.
9192	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A repeatedly ordered product.  No issues at all.
9444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this product before.  Of the variety of foods that I have tried, the fish really go after it!  One of my fish is about 12 years old now.  I had as many as 36 fish in the pond once, until the great blue heron discovered a new restaurant.

8996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat loves this food and I love the convenience and price getting it through Amazon!
1783	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was the first gift I gave to my dog at his birthday party to open. He was so enthralled by this Lamb Chops plush toy that he didn't even want to open his treats. While I admit that the birthday party was partially to indulge myself (he was wearing a shirt and bow tie, I made him a homemade cake of his favorite food items, and wrapped all his presents to see him tear into them...Im so embarrassed writing that), the Lamb Chops toy was absolutely for me. As a child I loved Lamb Chops and I thought my pup would like her too. Since opening Lamb Chops, he sleeps on top of her, walks around with her, and genuinely likes her (maybe a little too much, since hes been found in questionable situations with her). Hes not the type of dog to become clingy with any toy, he could really care less about any toy he has, but I think I found the one. As I type this he is grooming Lamb Chops in such a loving way that his eyes are closed as he licks her fur....he is weird
808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My daughter "needed" a stuffed peacock for Xmas.  How could I say no?  Had no idea I'd actually be able to find one, nonetheless find one as nice and appealing as this one.  She loves it
2943	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	wow my 2 dogs love this, brought 2 of them and very please, was please with shipment and will order again and would recommend this dog toy for any dogs.
6147	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The Panic Mouse is such a let down.

Overall, I would definitely recommend this to anyone with a young puppy who wants to make housebreaking and training a whole lot easier!
7121	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My finicky cat has preferred this food for over 15 years.  She actually prefers it above wet canned food.
SO, I BUY VERY STURDY TENNIS BALLS, WILSON BRAND IN LARGE QUANTITES AND THE MINUTE THERE IS A SMALL PUNCTURE OR TEAR  I THROW IT AWAY.  ALL OF MY DOG WALKING FRIENDS DO THE SAME THING.
8544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	HUGE litter pan. That still doesn't stop my cats from filling it up as soon as I clean it. Holds almost a full box of litter when plenty of room for your kitty to find the perfect spot to do their business.
3312	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Only brand that works in Delaware.
8981	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have a 9 month old puppy. She destroyed this in minutes. Would not recommend for heavy chewers. Better options out there.
With two cats I only have to empty the bin twice a week.
4959	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to give it a try and was impressed how easy it is to throw the ball. I have bad shoulders so really can't throw far at all and then pay for it later with pain. This solves that issue and I can throw the ball further than I could when I didn't have a bad shoulder. Well worth the money.
9185	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love all the L.I.T 's from Natural Balance, and I am guaranteed a healthy grain free, soy free treat for my boys.
Original post:  If you look at the photo of the SUV ramp - there are EIGHTY rungs [skid steps] and what they really ship has like THIRTY ONE and NO WAY can handle an SUV or car.  Very steep and I see most happy reviews are bed type situations.  Just take a measuring tape and see hope steep 39 inches is to your bed, couch, whatever.  Maybe the real product can work for you.  The SUV photo I depended on is probably 82" and they have the nerve to up sell the longer one on the box!!! [About the time you realize you are screwed.]
8586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 3 cats love it and if they like it I'm happy.
5961	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I love not being bothered by my cat to feed her. Holds the perfect amount of food to just have it turn every 24 hours. Turns reliably so I don't have to worry if I leave for the weekend. Only complaint is that you can't set it to turn exactly at a certain time (like 5 am) but ... either way, I guess if you turned it on at the right time that it probably would...
She gave them as gifts to her doggie friends this Christmas
3586	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Durable bags. Since I always have several with me at any given time I've used them for stuff other than poop like seed gathering, makeshift gloves, bowls, fish from the lake, take out. Long enough and thick enough to complete the job with no leaks and they are easy to twist and knot. But...use them. If they sit around too long they degrade and split down the side seam. Store in a cool place indoors.
8719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Golden loves these. They are made of quality ingredients too, and that makes me happy
7734	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this product for my sister's cats since she was too sick to leave the house. It arrived very quickly and the price was great for so many variety cans. Definitely will be ordering it again.
Don't use the ramp as it makes more of a mess. (unless you have a kitten).
4803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like this shorter Chuckit - works very well for me. The longer Chuckit stresses my shoulder more. If I didn't already have some problems with my shoulder, then the longer one would probably be fine.
8326	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my dog loves the diamond brand, its the best quality food for an affordable price and sense i have a BIG dog affordability is important. i want to keep her healthy and well fed and now i can do that with out going broke
9914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Bichon loves this toy! He chews on it for hours.
3223	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I was hoping to use these for a long car trip but they did not work at all. I ended up using DAP spray to help my dog stay calm during our trip.
The price is quite reasonable for this food and I will be buying it for my dog.
* Ensure consumer protection
9526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Some of my cats like it, but Jiji, one of the cats, wouldn't touch it even if he was hungry! But to be fair, Jiji is a very finicky kitty.

2792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Second small Kong toy and did not disappoint.  She loves this as much as the first.  Will be purchasing more Kong small dog toys.



6864	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I didn't taste the Wellness canned food but my dogs  LOVE it!
2815	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these and they come with an extra squeaker! This tiny one is almost too small for my pug but would be great for a smaller breed.
5426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Doggie gives it only 4 stars as it is not automatic...it requires a human and her human is a little lazy.
3218	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Boston loves the nutri-vet pet-ease.  We got her the treats because she was digging in our flower beds when ever we left the house.  The treats have worked on most occasions. We will continue to purchase the Nutri-vet pat-ease wafers.
3109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy! She insists we play fetch with it every day. It's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover :)
1603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I took off the front and back covers with a little bit of trim work to fit inside my fluval spec V tank. Twice the flow as what came with the fluval. Love it!
4839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	fast delivery and great quality
9250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	would of liked to of seen a resealable bag like the 4.5 pound bags which have velcro.
UPDATE: 09/28/17.  one 2nd Mr. Bill.  This one got chewed apart pretty good -- the only caution.  Inside is a small plastic box with the mechanics, actually a really small circuit board, and a battery.  Myb big guy, Herc, 100+ lbs, cracked the case -- and lots of little plastic shards.  Obviously took it away (already had another new one as backup); Just watch and take away if Mr. Bill gets too shredded.  Still love OH NOOOOOOO...... and so do all 4 dogs...
6673	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this litter for many reasons, but mostly because it doesn't track on hardwood floors.
8753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great buy
Best of all, no grabbing that slobbery ball.
8506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitten loves it...So do my other cats lol
8673	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Rescue kittens at Joeys start their first solid meals with this product and they LOVE it!  Mixed with a little formula there's nothing left over!
9533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cat has been taking #2 outside her other boxes. The vet had no suggestion, since she wasn't ill. She is a portly feline and I read on the intraweb that fat cats should get a larger box. Since we got this last week, she has moved her dumpage back into the box!
466	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I was really hoping I had found something that would finally work to kill my dogs fleas. I have tried topical with no results and decided to do rit this collar. Its been almost 3 days and my dogs still have fleas and still scratching like crazy. I had to actually take off one dog b cause she got a rash from the collar. Looks like I will have to go to the vet and get a oral prescription pill since those always worked in my the past but not easy to administer. Seems like this product works great for some people but I was not one of those lucky ones.
4964	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Revolutionizes my wife's dog walking. She loves not having to touch the slobbery ball and it gives her great range.
5004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works great, but the cup that holds the ball tends to widen a bit after a lot of use.  So, the ball won't stay in the handle.
5870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 15yo Dog likes Them!
5215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, what ball loving dog doesn't like this? :)
3825	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This works well to pretreat the carpet before shampooing. It takes any pet odors out and makes them unnoticeable for the most part.
4232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Get this! These work with the chuck-it! thrower thing and they are also really nice for general fetch when you're just throwing the ball yourself. The only thing I would say is that these do tend to get more slobbery than your average tennis ball because they don't have the fuzz on them...
7587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little lady loves this food and it is only 1 of two brands I use - my dog has petit mal seizures and has had them for many years - Had lots of them at first, wen ton medication which helped a bit but once I put her on food without chemical fillers and such she got much better - now only has them on rare occasions Can't prove a direct effect from the food but it sure seems to be a contributing factor to her having very few bouts. Besides she loves the product.
Highly recommend.
275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	small. great fit for my 14lb papillon. dogs with wider heads may have trouble fitting into the neck hole of this style as it is not adjustable. she likes it. bright. sturdy. shows well on a furry dog.
5344	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Orange stick.  Lola loves the rubber ball, much preferred over the tennis ball though its the same size.  Really makes it easy for these old bones to toss long throws.
1167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great product! I bought one 7 years ago and it got tons of use (5 cats).  The new one works great, I have 3 litter boxes and now at least one is always clean.  I like the new scooper that cleans between the rake.  Cat's have no problem using it and were never afraid of the motor- they actually are curious and think it is interesting.  I Highly recommend this one for every cat owner!!!
6536	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I got this product because of its amazing reviews from amazon customers. WOW. They were wrong.
4775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All Good Thankyou
3305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great
7727	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The only issue I have and very frustrated is several cans come damaged, The strange thing is the package comes intact without no damages. Several cans inside are damaged which tends to make me believe thety were damaged prior to boximg for shipment. I pay good money and expect good product.
By the way, it is not totally maintenance free, you can't just ignore it for a week!  I use the scoop daily to stir the litter and remove any little particals that may be left behind and to make sure the bottom is scrapped clean, but this process takes about a minute/day.  My cat uses the same spot in the box everytime, so sometimes the bin gets filled up on one side, again, just use the scoop and even it out.
4769	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is not the one for standard size tennis ball.  It uses an overly large ball that costs more to replace than the thrower itself.  I thought I was getting one for standard size tennis ball.  I am severely disappointed, as this thing is almost as useful to me as a breast on a boar hog.
1484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just great.+++++
5689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use these for keeping my wax-dipped hands warm. I found that they work best if I put my hands in a ziplock bag first and then put the mitt on. Otherwise the wax sticks to the inside of the mitt and is not easy to get off.
4006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Product was exactly as described and arrived as expected.
7487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a high-quality cat food that my vet recommended for my Bengal kitten. It has the needed amount of protein for a growing cat and is free from additives and unnecessary fillers. This is the type of cat food you find in a nice organic food store. The volume of food was good for my kitten, not too much.
FACT: This method is more commonly used among dolphin and chicken trainers. The reason is simple: Try putting a leash on a dolphin or a cock and see what happens. They claim, since we cannot put dolphins on a leash, we'll get our clicker and use a bucket of fish in order to get their attention. But it's one thing to talk theory, and a totally different ballgame when we talk about REALITY! The reality is, don't you think if we could make dolphins and even elephants listen to us with a leash, that we would have by now?
4127	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this thing is great, it has a bit of a learning curve with how to throw it but you learn quickly. i use this with my dog at the dog park


6047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for our 12 yr old Lab
4663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best toy invention for humans! My hands no longer are full of slime & dirt. LOL
4293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I give this simple tool for launching tennis balls 5 stars.  It's more fun than shredding squirrels or playing tug-o-war.
268	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats use this when needed for hairballs or indigestion as well.
1015	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a well-made, fairly easy to use flexi-leash.  What I don't like about all flexi-leashes is that it teaches the dog to pull; therefore I won't be using it.  However, for those of you who like flexi-leashes, this is a well-made, one-button leash for large dogs.  The unit is kinda heavy, but has to be if you're walking a 100 lb. dog.  I never really got used to the button for stopping and holding the leash because I used it 3 times before putting it away.  I have trained my dogs to walk without pulling and by the third time on the flexi-leash they were all starting to pull--not good.  I will go back to carrying a 20 ft. training lead for when they want to off-road; it's not nearly as heavy and I have an easier time on recall. The 4 stars rating is because it is well-made, retracts quickly but is heavy.
7969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	First, this isn't the world's most premium cat food. But it does meet a pretty high standard for cat nutrition 1. it's wet food, 2. it's grain free, 3. it is affordable, and most importantly, 4. the cats EAT IT!  They are healthy weight, their coats are very shiny and soft, they have no dander, no hairballs, and their shedding is mild. These large, budget friendly cans that Wellness makes are perfect for multicat households, and you could hardly feed them fancy feast for less $ per day.
In other words, the Pet Food Police.
8953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 4 dogs love these!
con:
551	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome value, nice shape and size. I will buy again once it becomes available.
7440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has gotten so healthy on the wellness food and is so much happier . She can't wait to eat now !
4114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this thing! Good length so I don't have to bend over to get the ball. I would recommend to anybody with a fetching dog.
602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one we ordered - I got heshe a few other toys - my bird is a TOY HOAR!!!
We aren't so naive as to believe that one or more of the unholy trio won't ultimately max out on MAX CAT. Why, it could happen as soon as this evening. But, in the meantime and until we're forced back to square one, gratitude is due Nutro and MAX CAT foods.
4338	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best thing you can buy for your dog :) I love it.
4849	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is a life saver for your arm and shoulder! My dog absolutely loves it and begins jumping up and down as soon as someone touches it! I would highly recommend this for any dog owner!
3201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs enjoy them very much
4925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE this!!!!
1364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a dog leash similar to this and use it for our hyper puppy... it's great for keeping him in tow without him pulling my arm off!  My niece has used ours several times and loved it (she's 9 and wants to be a vet when she grows up).
2590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 20 month old German Shepherd shredded Mr. Bill in less than two weeks. Oh! He loved the toy and always kept him close, even sleeping with him. However, for a reason known only to "Igor", he got carried away one day and shredded Mr. Bill into microscopic pieces. I managed to salvage the voice box, but Mr. Bill has no body now to go with his voice. However, since Mr. Bill was a favorite and is reasonably priced, I have ordered Igor yet another one for his Xmas stocking.
4199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!

4246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Better than regular tennis balls. I do like the all rubber ones better though. They don't hold the slime as much.
7833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Decent ingredient for the price. Does contain meat by product. However, it does not contain plant protein which harded on cat as a carnivour. Also does not have much/if any carbohydrate. I used it as part of food rotation with pricier can foods. My cats do not have any taste preference between this friskies compared to pricier(x5) can food.
9979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY DOGS LOVE THESE. THEY ARE VERY SMALL. PERFECT FOR A LITTLE SHIH TZU MOUTN
We aren't so naive as to believe that one or more of the unholy trio won't ultimately max out on MAX CAT. Why, it could happen as soon as this evening. But, in the meantime and until we're forced back to square one, gratitude is due Nutro and MAX CAT foods.
2370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My name is Bill and I'm old enough to remember the SNL Mr. Bill skits.  I bought this as a pet toy for my dog and it seems to be here favorite toy.  I think she has adopted it, she grooms it and often naps with it, and the occasional unexpected "Oh, no....." brings a smile to my face.
1409	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Love the look of the calendar, but the dates are incorrect by 1 day from March 2017-on.
7016	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it
I would love to see an addition leash available to add to the waste belt so I can attach both my puppies to the same belt.
6000	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This product is OK if you're only going away for a couple of days.  I used it for about a week and now it is in he cupboard.  I like the LeBistro Automatic feeder much better.
This is assume just hook them to your head rests and Wella all set to go. I also notice that other people state that their dogs still get in the front with this particular hammock cover. Hello it's soft fabric I would suggest a gate that you can buy so they can't get into the front seat.
2377	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Again our dog loves any dog toy that has sound or squeaks.  Very durable!!!!
5406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MYSELF AND MY DOGS LOVE IT!!  speeedy delivery
4462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our pug learned from watching other dogs to play fetch while we were traveling. So we realized she needed a ball of her own. We bought the two pack of supplemental balls that are smooth and easy to clean, and the ball that comes with this (more like a tennis ball) has become her indoor ball. The Chuck It handle is great for launching the ball, and the shorter handle means it won't launch too far for her to run. IF yoou have a dog who loves to fetch, this is a great toy to have. We literally have to show her that we put it away or else she will obsess about it, because she loves it so much. We used to think food was her favorite thing, but a promise of going out and throwing the ball is her greatest joy besides the ocean.
TOO BAD THE PRICE IS SO INCONSISTANT....
Aluminum maybe?
5753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work great for beer as well as wine and they clean really easily. Great price after doing much research for the type that was the most versatile. Love the bright colors.
5636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog Max is a ball-lover.  As soon as we go outside he's dropping a ball at your feet and will give you the death stare, or puppy dog eyes stare.  So when we bought this for Max to avoid the drooly ball and bending over to pick it up, it was perfect!  He absolutely loves this thing.  Once he sees our hand near it, he stands as still as a statue with one leg up, posing - ready to chase that ball.  It works great, gives you an option to throw very far, pop it up, or for short throws.  I recommend the shorter one for a smaller backyard or shorter throw.  Fits regular sized tennis balls.  Don't bother with the ones it comes with, the bounce isn't too great.  Great invention and perfect for any ball loving dog!
3966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Also bought the Launcher to go with these .... so much doggie time fun!


4720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is obsessed with playing fetch. This product makes throwing the ball around at the beach a breeze for us and my dog loves it.
868	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I am very pleased with this high protein dog food - and the dog likes it too!
8944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Perfect size for two cat household! So far they are happy sharing it. (Mine came blue).
 Great product!
901	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used them yet but look great


You can save your money and just use the Crystals litter with your cat, or buy one of the $9.99 toilet training kits at any pet store and avoid litter altogether. DO NOT get suckered in by these junky items!
IMO, if your dog is the destructive type, then only allow them to have it when supervised or bypass it all together, as it isn't a tough kong type and is more like a plushie with loud, good squeakers.
809	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very Cool!
6968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great cat food for my senior kitty at a great price.
6010	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	They used to make these in breath strips that worked great. These don't smell minty at all. Essentially are just a regular dog treat, but smaller.

She decided to just pick the dog up and put him in.
9123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves this healthy cookies


5492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Some years ago I crushed my shoulder in a motorcycle accident. The Chuckit makes it easy for me to keep my dog in shape and is easy on the shoulder.
I used another brand before and it left a lot of oily mess on my cat's fur.  This one is MUCH better.

6445	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I want to be able to give my dog Bo some variety in what he eats, and I am also wanting to be sure he gets the nutrition he needs. Bo really likes the flavor of this dog food and the size of each bite are perfect for his medium size mouth. I love that it contains protein, vitamins, and fiber for his diet to keep him healthy!!
As I said, I just wanted to focus on that angle, but overall, this is a great product for anyone who loves playing fetch with their dog! And any dog who loves fetching will adore this product! My dog even kisses it when I take it out!
5698	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I finally found the perfect grinder!!! Super sleek design, perfect for herbs and works like a beast!!!!! Love it and should the need arise in yhe future (which..let's be real.. will totally happen) I will absolutely buy again!
5101	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this to exercise my lab in a way that appeases her natural instinct to retrieve. After several months of use, the launcher is still going on a daily basis. She (the lab) doesn't like the fabric ball as much as the whistler ball we ended up buying her and using with this launcher, but it is still an excellent product to prevent touching the ball. In the winter it helps preventing my hands from freezing, and it consistently prevents me from touching a slobbery and dirty ball. We have a fairly large-sized back yard for a suburban neighborhood and the junior launcher was a perfect fit for our throwing needs (e.g. meaning that I didn't need the larger size as it would fly into my neighbors yard). The launcher is about a foot and a half and has withstood being lightly chewed on. Should I ever get a bigger or smaller yard, I will buy another Chuckit! to use for that yard.
3719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Picking up poo is no fun, but at least these protect my hand and make it easier to cleanly do so!
8792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product and hard to find
6580	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats like the scratch pad part more than the ball.  My cats do not really play with the ball. the product does last a long time. the replaces for it are easy to find.

3900	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	quality rugged balls
5273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product for throwing Chuck it and regular tennis balls.
7679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My boston terrier puppy eats this food mixed with the dry version.  She gobbles it all up.  The primary chicken base is good for dogs.
9015	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	for heavy chewers these aren't good.  each of 2 dogs went through the thinner end pieces, like the heads and tails, within minutes.  the main body can last a little longer, but more for a smaller dog.  didn't seem of the same quality I'm used too in nylabone products, and I've bought dozens.  a pitt and a mastiff boxer mix are my 2 chewers.

9597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat love it!!!
6038	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Sturdy and does the job but way way too bulky and heavy to be really useful.  I am back to lifting my dogs fat-ass into the truck.
8299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Another good dog chew
879	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these things
Advantage works great, but no pesticide will be strong enough to work alone (without killing you or your cat first).  Fleas are tough buggers and you must clean your house as well.
4020	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	They are a great size but they fray easily making them a choking hazard.
7475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog hates harx chew toys but all my dogs have lovex this dino. Happy to say Ms Picky princess lives it. This is a great item ive purchased many. Best price yet. Thanks. Its her birthday

Then I found this in Amazon and was surpised that the price was very reasonable (except with shipping).
8947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this toy!  A friend of mine had this toy and his cat hates everthing but this toy so I purchased one for my cats. This has brought many hours of great playtime for my 3 cats. I love that it has a scratch pad for the cats to use other than my furniture.  Replacing the pads is a piece of cake.  My cats like to lay on the scratcher and I had to get more replacement scratcher so the others could have their own to lay on. This toy has held the cats interest even over the lazer. I was impressed.
6015	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog doesn't like these. She's a small mixed dog, so maybe a large dog would just eat with no problem, but these seem like human mints and she doesn't like them.

this is something you'll need to be able to do.
393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our three labs have them on and so far so good! One has had his on for about a month and the other two only days but it is beginning to be flea and tick season and we want them to be protected early. The one who has had his for a month does not have any flea dirt, fleas or ticks and we check him all the time.  We have also looked for any skin reactions and there are none on any of them. We are very happy with this product and price wise, it's a good deal since it will last up to 8 months
In other words, the Pet Food Police.
6604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Combined this with other litter.
487	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great; works better than anything else out there.
6529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great food for your dog
1521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A high protein, low glycemic food has a lot to offer a dog.  This food is indeed high in protein, and offers some high quality protein sources.  However, rather than grain, it has potatoes.  It also has chickpeas and split peas, which they do point out.  If you read the ingredients, you will see dried potatoes.  I don't like that they fail to mention this in the heading when they mention the peas.  Grain free is great; but there are much better options than regular potatoes.  Sweet potato would be much better.
4934	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog love it

4250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Where has this thing been all my life? My beagle and I equally love the Chuckit! It saves my arm from getting sore after the many, many, many throws she asks of me and with the different ball designs (some have hair, some have googly eyes, etc.) available neither of us gets bored with the same old ball.  My only recommendation is that you take the time to check out all the sizes available and you choose the size that's the best fit for you.  The first one I got was a bit too long of a throwing stick and not as comfy for me to manage a slightly smaller version...however they are all easy to manage and it's just a matter of personal preference.  I highly recommend the Chuckit! launcher and accessories.
9197	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it!
1031	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	a must have in your car, its a secure and firm slide in, does not wiggle loose or require pushing it back in. other brands i've tried seem to slip out eventually but not these and have 3 ports comes in handy. this is a second time I've bought these, one for front passengers and other goes in back for rear buddies.
6810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good for the price!
1340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Initially this was purchased for our kids but they never got into it.

493	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Packaging written in French, but highest quality product, will never use anything else again!
2490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both of my chocolate Labs love this Lamb Chop squeaky toy!  Very cute and reminds me of when I was a child and watched Sheri Lewis and Lamb Chop on TV.  I recommend this product.
3686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We have an 85-pound dog and use 1,000 bags per year (3 per day). There is no denying how good these are, as described by other reviewers. It's the most comfortable way to handle an unpleasant task.

8192	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I honestly don't know what it is that my dog loves about these so much. He is a standard poodle - 65 pounds. These are a good size for a treat for him. I haven't actually measured, but I would guess about 1 X 2 inches. I'm not looking to give him a meal... just a treat. For training I will break them into several pieces. He is not a "chow hound" and does not get excited about food or most treats, but for some reason he absolutely loves these dry, boring looking cookie/bones. He will do anything for them. Go figure... A friend gave him a bag for Christmas and after he had the first one, he started spontaneously doing every trick in his repertoire. He was sitting, standing, laying down, spinning and offering hand shakes. Absolutely unprecedented behavior for a non-food motivated dog! I was happy to find these on amazon as they aren't in my local pet stores. Since they are dry "biscuit" style treats, they are also less yucky to keep in your pocket when you are out and about. I hope he doesn't get tired of them!
343	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	i have 4 dogs and 3 currently have the Soresto collar.  2 of the dogs seem to be tick free, but still have fleas which have migrated to their rear end (the farthest point from the collar).  the 3rd dog has both fleas and an occasional tick., the last tick i found was up by the ears.  all 3 dogs were bathed and gone over to make sure there were no fleas or ticks on them prior to putting the collar on.  the 4th dog, (who is nursing puppies) currently has no type of medication or flea collar and ironically is flea and tick free.....

1254	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I spend more time cleaning this automatic litter box than
1341	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	When I received this Ball, I was surprised how big it was, considering it was a 'small' dog toy.

2919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is very spoiled ans has access to 20++ "babies"...this Kong Teddy Bear is always on his bed or near on the floor. I put it back in his bin and less that 24 hours later there is the Teddy Bear! Very soft, strong build quality (he has used it for over 6 months; 70lb German Sheppard/Doberman and "plays" with his "babies"). I highly recommend this product as a cost-effective toy that, for my dog at least, is a must-have on a daily basis. As I type he is laying with it on his bed!
I will not get into debates from people stating in the comments what MY CATS should or shouldn't eat. If the food is high quality and they eat it, I have no problem with it. I merely placed this review for those wondering what was removed so they'd know why their cats do not like it.
5057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My mini aussie loves this! (& so does my arm) Def worth buying. Kids enjoying using it too.
2365	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Asia's favorite toy. Sleeps with it every nite, this was her first toy I got her 2 years ago! I keep ordering new ones!! She refuses to let me throw away any of them. I wish they made the voicebox out of something much stronger

I store the YN in a five gallon pail wiith tight cover. I place about
4066	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This launcher is durable and works good in the cold.  I am used to plastic shattering in the freezing cold.  Easily throw the Chuckit! ball 50-100 yards.  The ball is very durable, and it is more likely that you loose it than it wearing out.  It is more difficult to throw the ball shorter distances, but I believe the launcher comes in shorter models.

4923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works great!
4905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i am not sure who loves this more- Grace the minature labradoodle who ostensibly benefits from this things range, or myself who loves the fright that it generates at our local park.
7146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bulldogs love these and they last! Another great bone from Nylabone
 Chuck it Medium Wheelie Dog Ball

8938	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats love salmon

781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My pup loves these but honestly I expected these to be more like actual bacon. Instead they look and smell just like Beggin' Strips. Ingredients are supposed to be better so I'm hoping their claim is legitimate this time.
6283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My older service dog has back and joint injuries, so our veterinarian suggested giving him daily glucosamine/chondroitin supplements. I originally bought this product from a local pet store, but Amazon's price is much lower. Dog chews and swallows this tablet quickly with no complaints.
Dinne

So we will keep buying it.
6742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My daughter's cat loves these catnip bubbles. Did you hear that? Catnip. Bubbles. !!!!!! What's not to love. Cat jumps all over the place trying to eat these things. Was impressed that bubbles were strong enough to land on carpet without popping. Good fun.
5017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our schnauzer is addicted to ball, and we've gone thru just 3 of these throwers in her 10-year-old life thus far. They past for years!
7826	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it, and it doesn't make their scent as bad. (Cats smell worse with bad food) And its grain free, they don't need that stuff. :)
7564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this, and I love the size - it's easy for me to use with regards to portions.  I didn't know that a decent 6 oz size was out there.  Also, this food is on the dogfoodadvisor.com as a 5 star food, so I also have the bonus of feeding my dogs a good meal.  Yes, it is more expensive, but as they say - you get what you pay for, and I think this is worth it.
2847	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for tiny Chihuahua puppies, this is their all time favorite version of this tiny sized toy.
8245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Never thought I'd take advantage of my Amazon Prime membership by having my dog's food delivered to my doorstep. What can I say? It sure works for me! The bag arrives on time and in great condition.
2. Doesn't cover up the smell well. Be sure to use a hooded litter box to contain it!
I must give credit where credit is due - I have used Frontline before for my cats, and have been very satisfied with the results from that one. However, I decided to try Advantage this time, as I'd heard good things about it, and it was on sale at a discount when I needed it. I couldn't be more pleased. Unlike most other topical applications where the flea substance is put on the shoulder blades of the cats and stinks (STINKS!), this has no easily discernable smell.

This football is so much fun- for humans and dogs alike! Highly recommended!!!
It's just people saying a certain word, then a 10 second pause ... then a different word and another 10 second pause.  You can create your own if you really want to try this.
6340	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is NOT the standard yesterday's news pellets. Bought this as I use it with the breeze litter system.  These pellets are very tiny and thin and fall right thru th slots.  Even in a regullar litter pan the will be useless as they are so small they won't absorb anything. Guess I am stuck with them now.
8134	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this, it's a good food.
9944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	5 stars
484	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great on all my dogs! Flea free for months!
with 4 cats, i clean the entire unit about once every two weeks.

886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great treat, would prefer just the inside part.
5757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are great at getting insects inside or outside your house. It is not a toy but is fun to use on the bugs. Got one for a neighbor, but the zapping sound bothers his dogs.
1643	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, thick padding.  Fits a CZ 455 LUX with a large scope and rings permanently attached.
5197	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the best toy anybody with a labrador can buy. Many hours of entertainment (and peace and quiet afterwards) have been had.
*I use it for dry food only. I would definitely not use it for wet food.
7161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT!
4237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Every dog owner needs this!!!  Keeps my dog active and running a lot farther than I can ever throw the ball. Plus I don't have to pick up the slimy ball which is even more awesome when we're at the dog park. There's nothing worse than retrieving our ball that's been covered in a strange dogs saliva.
8163	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What a great deal on canned cat food!!  My kitties absolutely LOVE this and  I have nine of them!!
I lost my short launcher awhile back and could only get a long one locally to replace it, which reminded me that you have to lean over a lot further to use the short launcher. So if you have trouble leaning over to the point that your hand is a foot above the ground, this may be hard for you to use.
3543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best poop bag around.
9273	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs go crazy for these
5677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great security bulb. I have the outside Zenith security lights with separate detector. They have only lasted a few years, then the detector stops working. This resulted in replacing the entire Zenith unit. These bulbs do not need that type of unit. Detector built in the bulb. It has outlasted the Zenith product. If it does fail. Just put a new bulb in.

363	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	do not use, we used on our Italian Mastiff and she died 3 months later. After we put in on her , she got sick diarrhea/vomiting and severe weight loss. Only thing that was changed was we used the collar. Vet said she couldn't find out what was wrong but dog had to be put down.
8452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!!!
9320	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Now this is a Kong!!
9396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good distraction for my dogs when we are away. I stuff it with meat scraps and freeze before giving it to them. Only problem is that the hole through the center is too large for most treats to stay inside. I use peanut butter as a glue...
9634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I did buy this litter and it's great and I love it. It really does deserve the 5 stars, but what I'm really here to tout is the product description (unless it's changed from the time I write this review to the time you read it).
9954	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	kitties love this stuff.  Natural food.  love it.
4622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very handy and great to throw the ball far without much force
7758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought one to try to stop some fighting over the existing one in the house.  Stegosaurus is super popular around here and now there are two thank heavens
2250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little dog loves this thing. I will have to order another soon as she is wearing it out.
8300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my pit bull. She is a chewer but rawhide bones cause issues cause my 3 other dogs want them too and then they all get attitudes with each other for looking at their bones. This has no food flavoring that I can tell so she can and does chew till her heart is content and the other dogs don't care. She will lose it and find it later and it is brand new all over again. I did worry about her injesting the plastic because she was actually chewing it up(the Dino lost it's head and tail pretty quick) but as my hubby pointed out she has passed much worse things than a little bit of plastic. Will be buying another soon.
304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easily adjusts, fits well. Arrived earlier than expected.
3926	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	THis is the smaller, more portable version of the 26-inch Chuck-It described below. It's easier to stow, but I believe (we need a physicist in here) that the ball will not go quite as far as the full-size version.  Still, it will travel a long distance, may actaully be better for smaller dogs, and is easier to pack!
UPDATE:  It took him months and months of daily chewing, but my little dog finally chewed the end off the bear's nose.  Sigh.  I have recommended this toy to lots of dog-owning friends.  It's a great toy!
900	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been making delicious donuts using these cutters. Like that they are stainless steel.
118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These are great and do work.
4523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best dog toy I have ever purchased.
8509	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff is HORRIBLE!! I started using Max Cat when I got my new kitten and for the convince of not buying two different cats foods I transition my 5 year old cat to this! Biggest mistake in the world! This has grains and vegetables in it my cat over 4 months started a allergic reaction to this food and went from a beautiful ball of fur to a half bald cat with scabs all over his back and sides! After multiple vet calls Meds and visits I've went back to His GRAIN FREE cat food! I am now transition the younger kitten away from this product cause He is now showing allergic reactions to this food now! Cats are CARNIVORES they eat meat! To this day I've NEVER SEEN my cat go into a garden and pick a vegetable or eat grains so why do you put them in your food!  No wonder cats and dogs get diabetes now!!
143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable and well made.
8068	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderfull! My ShiTzu loves them, and the ingredients are pet friendly.
Chicken, Chicken Meal, Lentils, Peas, Turkey Meal, Pea Protein, Pea Fiber
5454	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this product, and so does my 7 month old puppy. She loves to run and chase the balls. Now if only I can her to bring them back to me.

6462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	ok
1971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loved this toy so much that she promptly dismembered it. Oh, well. We restuffed the fluff and sewed her back up...good as new!
7937	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Boston and pit mix love these.
9630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What to say about cat litter?  My kitty likes this brand better than any other and it's good at what it's supposed to be good at -- we don't have an odor problem in our house, thanks to A&H Super Scoop Clumping Litter.  It really does a good job of clumping and as the one who has to clean the litter box (grrrrr!), that means a lot to me.
1094	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've used the tent for 2 years now without any issues.
6174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm always in a panic about removing ticks (my 14 year-old dog never had a problem with them until last fall!) and luckily my husband is usually around to help pull back her long hair so I can get to the tick.  We're both a bit freaked about doing it right/getting the whole tick.  I ordered this "Ticked Off," tick remover and just used it for the first time.  I was by myself..meaning one set of hands and the stupid creature was right by her eye.  I ripped open the package and followed the swiping motion shown in the directions.  It came off whole, and my poor old girl didn't even flinch (like she usually does when we go at her with tweezers).  I'm thrilled with my purchase and because I read every review before making my purchase, I signed right on to Amazon to let everyone who may be looking for a solution know about this great product!
417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We've used these for a few years now and they actually work great. My cats kept getting bad fleas from the outdoor dogs, and it seemed like no amount of topical treatments would work. Once the collars went on all 4 animals, no more fleas or ticks. Our vet recommended these, but said to keep them dry, because once wet their potency is drastically reduced.
I would prefer a seal-able bag though. I have to transfer this to gallon zip lock bags to keep it fresh.
more  like  these.  They're fun for kids of all ages--2 and 4 legged.
544	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good perch my Macaw uses it often one of his fav in his cage thinking of getting another for outside his cage to stand on since he is out most of the time and all the time when I am home
My dog loves this food. I use a spoonful in his dry food every night with some warm water to make it a little soupy for him. I like the ingredients, the way his coat looks, how he NEVER has bad breath or dog farts. Ever.
2298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy! Have bought more. Keeps them happy and occupied. Highly recommend!
6852	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No Chinese products inside. No recalls I can remember. Plus, my JRT loves it.
3871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Almost half what the pet stores get and almost impossible to destroy by lab and vizsla, only thing better is Chuck It super balls more durable and less sloober.
1386	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have been using this cord to attach my sound bar to my Tv and haven't had an issues. Works great!
7117	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for our Wheaten terrier who has skin problems.
4330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love not having to pick up slimy balls and you can throw so much further so it tires the little darlings out
3696	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thick bags and double wall means you will hardly feel the details of the poop. Been using for a year now,
9920	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	fish eat is every dat
5424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE our Chuckit!  We make sure to always have a few around.. we have broken a few by banging them on the deck or by using them in BITTER (below 0) temperature.. but for us they are a MUST HAVE when playing with our dogs
3754	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy plastic, a good-sized bag, and a well thought-out design that keeps your hand away from the poop make these bags top-notch and above the rest! The price is worth it---and they are WAY better than those horrible, tear-ible biodegradable bags!
5695	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This one is a great organizer for item for TV. Will hold multiple remotes, ink pens, I use the drawer for nail items, clippers, files, etc. Bought 2, one for living room and one for the bedroom.
1039	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome super fast
812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product surpassed my expectations quite abit, I would highly recommend this item to all enthusiasts and tell them this is a VERY good dollar value and was delivered on time in the CHRISTmas season. Wow ! What a wonderful retail experience.
4659	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog's absolute favourite toy!
9486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy!  Just got it earlier this evening!  She hasn't played with the ball yet, but she has scratched on the scratch board!  She even took a nap on it!  So its a hit, nd Im sure shes going to have a ball with it!
2714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my dogs favorite toys. Made very well don't tear.
8168	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Vet had me switch to this.  Fixed her stools so there is no blood or mucus in them.  Vet recomended
9154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually really like it.  It was a great price and no litter is sticking to the sides.
7135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cat seems to like it.  If only I liked the cat as much as she likes the food.  ;-)

9845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best.cat.toy.ever.
One of the best investments I have made
3813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Amazing
I would be careful what size you get though.  I tried to get a big bag and saved money and it took her months to eat... and I think it was getting stale (not sure) but now I only buy the small size since she takes forever to eat it.
3191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These chews are great! My dogs really enjoy the taste. I have 3 dogs and I can give 1 or 2 treats and it works pretty quickly. I do have 1 dog that is pretty big and tends to get real worked up whenever it thunders and I have to give him 6 of these treats. It takes about 30 to 45 minutes to kick in, but most of the time it does the trick for him too.
8143	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good good and my Shiba puppy loves it
9121	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these treats, just be aware if you get the bigger bag of the two, that they are actually bigger biscuits, made for a medium to large breed dog. I have a yorkie and I try to get the smaller ones.

3774	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	sure beats carrying a plastic grocery bag, paper towel, & one surgical glove!!!
Specs and Features: 36W worth of power, high power output at 7.2A,  5V,  3 Ports (Universal USB ports), Adjusts automatically to your devices voltage setting and adjust output accordingly, Built-in over-current, over-charge protection, device weight of 1.25oz, 4 prongs secure device in car charger instead of the usual 2 prong on most, all 3 ports are easy to see due to Blue LED lighting
2660	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Truly tiny toy. Better for a cat than a dog.
6161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it
8224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great extra little snack.
Prior to the off and on issues that Roxie had, everything was tasty & edible in the Roxie mind.  No gastrointestinal problems, Roxie could seemingly digest a school bus if she had the time to munch on it and ability to catch it.  During the illness and after surgery this has not been the case, due to either the protracted illness/infection or age (gets to all of us, human or dog), something did not recover in the gut.  Dried food, does not stay down, so many of the canned foods do not stay down, or are scorned.
5817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gave it to her for Christmas and she loved it - she made me gain 250 pounds in two months from eating pancakes ;)
379	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My healthy 6 year old dog was shaking from head to toe 6 hours after applying. He was not cold, we have never seen him do this, just laying on the couch his whole body shaking. Took the collar of immediately. Issue resolved and had not returned. I've since read that this collar can cause seizures. We want nothing to do with this product!!

7596	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	TWICE I have received a tray of this product that contained cans so bashed in and even split open that I couldn't use them.

8059	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My border collies love these treats much more than the ones I purchase locally at other stores. They are smaller than the ones I usually give them, but my dogs gobble them down and expect another every time I go outdoors. I will order again.

7863	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Do not order more than one box as Amazon does not take back even unopened cat food ...something to remember in case your cat does not like
9383	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dog loves these treats
This food consists of chunks in a thick, moist gravy. (I do add extra water to the gravy only to make sure my cat gets extra water).  And of course, the gravy is what he eats first. All of it. His second round is for all the chunks. All of them. His third round is polishing the bowl.  Every inch of it.  I have yet to throw any away, and we all know how finicky cats are.
3556	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Initially, these were 5 star bags.  They worked wonderfully.  This lasted for about 18 months, at which point, every bag would split along the seem when used.  It appears, there's a shelf life to these bags and the ones we purchased have exceeded it.  Given the cost per bag, I wouldn't expect them to become useless in 500 days.
4744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Dog loves playing fetch. Not much else to say.
3347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product arrived looking like it had been through the war but the product was intact even if the packaging wasn't.  Used it on the cats and it works very well.  The cats stopped scratching with in a couple of hours and I haven't noticed a flea since.


1043	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Birds, especially doves, love this.  Unfortunately the squirrels do too.  If you can keep the squirrels away - get one!
1839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab's favorite toy and best add niggle friend.
8676	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats LOVE this food and especially this flavor. First they lick up all the gravy, but they come back to finish every bite!
Some people have had problems with the automatic mechanism jamming, etc. The trick is to not overfill the litter pan. Keep the level between the two red marks. I used a ruler and a red Sharpie to extended the "FULL" mark all the way across the pan so it was easier to tell where the "DO NOT GO ABOVE THIS LINE" was. Secondly you have to use premimum litter.

5614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use the Chuckit Mega ball launcher with regular tennis balls. I don't use the ball that came with it. I have been using the pressureless tennis balls mostly with the Chuckit Mega ball launcher. It is much easier to throw with greater force the tennis balls with this laucher. My puppy likes to chase after the balls; but holds in his mouth the first ball that I throw out. He has fun with it.
I would not recommend Mr Bill for more aggressive dogs who normally "de-guts" their toys since he contains a voice box, though without very close supervision.
9851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Westie puppy has been raised on Science Diet dog food, but we have used the "original" size bites.  We were hesitant to try the small bites.  But based upon recommendations of other purchasers we tried it.  No problem.
1564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good ingredients. Great seller.
2758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great item!
9567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good Product
5635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Top quality material, workmanship and design. Gives you a lot of bang for your buck, can't hide on you with its bright orange color and the balls work perfect and are tuff or shall I say ruff ? Whoever designed this must have a few 'labs'. I purchased extra balls also and am glad I did.
The Coton I mentioned has a little sister who has no interest in it whatsoever so, it's clearly not for every dog.  But, I find this to be true of most toys.  As others have written, it doesn't hold up to tough chewing and eventually, a dog will be able to get the "giggly" out of the Wiggly.  However, if you use it as you would any other ball you'd throw, it can last quite awhile.  I think it's a better toy for small or medium size dogs.  Larger breeds like Labs,  will definitely tear it apart much more quickly but, they'll have a fun time doing it.
3090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the buddy system. I use it all the time. It frees me up for a fun walk with my loveable pup. We trudge along and really love our walks...
6203	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've been removing ticks for years, and this tool is a very crude approach to tick removal.  I just found a tick on my dog-- first of the season-- and tried (for the first time) using this tick tool which I had bought several years ago.  It is a BLUNT object and I spent 15 minutes trying to remove a moderate-sized tick with it and finally gave up in frustration.  There are better devices on the market. Don't waste your money.

5232	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and my arm thank you for this! Our dog goes crazy when she even sees this coming out of the cabinet! We used to have to throw throw throw with our arms tiring out soooo quickly.  Now, shes the one who gets tired quickly! We have purchased several to make sure we have them for travel/friends houses and they are definitely worth the investment, the ball included is also much stronger than a tennis ball so our dog doesnt destroy them within an hour like normal tennis balls either!

7970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food.
5995	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my cats because they woke me up every morning for food. After some frustration getting it to turn at the correct hour, it worked okay for 5 months. Then it died.
5049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Simple, sturdy. My dog wants to play with the stock more than he does the ball! Excellent if you've got a good size bit of land to work in.
6263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We use this for our bunny's litterbox and absolutely love it. It doesn't smell, and doesn't stick to her fur and feet like bedding and such does.
3804	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pretreatment for pet urine and other stains like juice. Used the Bissell Spot Clean Professional Portable Carpet Cleaner and Bissell Pet Stain and Odor Formula as well with this.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bissell-3624-SpotClean-Professional-Portable-Carpet-Cleaner/dp/B008DBRFBK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bissell 3624 SpotClean Professional Portable Carpet Cleaner</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BISSELL-2X-Pet-Stain-Odor-Portable-Machine-Formula-32-ounces-74R7/dp/B002S52WX8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BISSELL 2X Pet Stain & Odor Portable Machine Formula, 32 ounces, 74R7</a>
6252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My fur baby absolutely loves this dog food.  I went with the expensive brands at first and he refused to eat them and so I put this in his bowl and he devoured it.  I like the two different textures that it has and obviously so does he.  Bonus was this was an add on item so I can save a few bucks!  Definitely recommend, especially if you have a picky eater!!!!
749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	very nice, pocket great, band to hold it together.  Everything I needed.
3098	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got a second dog and needed the additional leash to take them for walks.  Works great!  Very happy with my purchase.
4136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE not having to pick up a slimey dog drool covered ball anymore!!!
8921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Christmas present for large dog.  Hours and hours of entertainment for the dog.
All-in-all, it's my opinion that the legitimate drawbacks (litter mess, noise, container cost, sticky clumps, etc.) are a small price to pay for a house that isn't stinky!
2666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my maltese loves it
8304	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	1st ingredient soy products,  meat by products.  All crap for your dog. Cheap food with cheap fillers. Was so shocked after reading label. Strongy encourage if you care about your pets health,  stay away from this food
- Allows pick up the slimy ball without touching
2670	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality
7056	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Figured out how to encourage the cats to use this toy. Place it halfway underneath a bit of brown wrapping paper (or newsprint) that comes in your amazon packages. Irresistible. They like to push the ball under the paper and then sneak up on it, making the paper crinkle.  One of my cats can't resist making the ball disappear under the paper, he gets obsessed.  (Also helps to put it in the closet for a few days. Cats are just like kids and are interested again after a break.)
5314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this. The ball goes at least twice as far as I can throw it and our little pooch goes tearing after it. Great exercise for him. Also love that I never have to touch the slimy ball.
7688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our kitties love this!
9556	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This new pre chopped cat food is 100% easier to give to your cat to feed with a great price
179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Working very well on my health helper. No more calling and then getting myself worked up
488	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Bought these highly rated collars to use on my three dogs for tick control in Southern Arizona.  All three dogs still had many ticks daily.  Very disappointing considering the ratings and the cost factor.  Gave up on collars and using Nexgard which is working very well to completely solve this problem.
6279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finicky Persian LOVES this Pate formula! Inexpensive and good!! Thanks
8890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	BEST FOOD OUT THERE!!!!

Both Advantage and Frontline are excellent at keeping fleas away, not only from the catters but from my home.
5394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	upgraded to the pro. the Pro 25m was cheper and has a soft grip and more flex. this one is good, but not as good.
This is what was contaminated and killed thousands of pets in 2007, when Menu Foods allowed adulterated wheat gluten into its cat and dog foods. It is highly allergenic for cats and can cause irritable bowels, just like it does in humans. It is used as a very cheap filler and very poor source of protein. It is used to boost the protein content of the food, so that it appears to be healthier than it is.
9477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Product as expected.
9663	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog chews on his kong every morning and every night in the vehicle when coming home from work with my husband.  I think it's like a pacifier for him, he just holds it in his mouth and constantly bites down on it.  It lasts about one year until it is falling apart and then I buy him a new one.
Also, any tennis-sized ball can be used with the throwing-device (for lack of a name for it haha)- not just the ball that comes with it. So if it gets lost or too old, you don't have to especially order those... any tennis ball, or ball of equal size/shape, will work just as well!


9047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our cats, dog, and umbrella cockatoo all love this toy! We will have to purchase more for our mini zoo!
2074	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Looks just like Lamb Chop, and my lab loves it.
8726	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Only kind of food my cats will eat. Has to be pate.
3452	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	If you're cat is an indoor cat, yes this product will work well for you. But if your cats go outside like mine, FORGET IT! Yes Advantage kills fleas that are on your pet immediately. But it does not keep them flea free for 30 days, like they advertise. I've tried Advantage on my cats a few times. The fleas that were on my cats did die within 12 hours. But within ONE WEEK they were biting and scratching again like before. I'm picking fleas off of them after only a week and a half. If the product wasn't so expensive, it might be worth the money. But don't waste your money, because it only works well for a few days. Frontline works a lot better.
 I hope my review is somewhat helpful for you!
4662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm a girl,and I throw like a girl.  this takes up less room than a tennis racket and I don't have to touch the slobbery ball.  My older Lab really likes to take the ball into the flower bed, toss it, drop it and roll it around.  The result is a ball that's not just covered in slobber, but also dirt and mulch.  I don't have to touch it!!!!!!!
1070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The canvas material is easy to keep clean.  A large cat box for mutliple cats fits in here nicely.  I have had a few cat litter box furniture pieces - but the moisture always seeps into the wood and it gets warped and stinky.  This solves that problem!
7424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this brand several times for our chihuahua and he just loves it!  He loves all the favors except for the white fish.  So I no longer purchase the variety case, instead I purchase several cases of his favorites!  He loves the duck and venison the most.  We have purchased these several times over the past year and this brand is the only brand we will feed our little boy.  Our vet says it is a perfect choice to maintain his healthy diet.
That was a mistake. The instant I pulled the toy out both dogs wee enthralled, and are now engaged in a very long game of hide-and-seek/ keepaway. I'm pretty positive I will be ordering another monkey in the immediate future.
5916	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is a product that works fine for its purpose and then also works when it wants to on its own.  When I read on other reviews that the chime started to ring on its own, I assumed that they simply didn't replace the batteries on a timely basis.  However, my new chime started spontaneously and magically ringing on its own during the first week I had it in place by the door.  I put it on my dresser, and now every once in a while for no apparent reason it chimes.  I plan to return it.  Who wants a doorbell in the house that rings when the dog isn't anywhere near the door?
6606	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We just took in a foster that is 16 years old - no one would adopt her at the shelter.  She was abandoned by someone and needed medical attention.  She is in good hands and has had her health issues taken care of and is thriving on Wellness for seniors.  She loves it !
3157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good product. Its an afforable option for me to give my dogs some glucosamine as a preventative measure and overall health! My girl eats them as treats if i break them in half but my male is more difficult and i have to crush them in pb, wet food or mix it into dinner with a crushed treat or he won't take them.
Great price and fast shipping! THANKS!
2753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppy love is
7412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are strange toys but I find our golden retriever knowing on these. I can't really say if they do anything for their teeth.
9983	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is a 15 year old pomeranian and has an extremely delicate system.  He has skin issues and is on a very clean, chemical and by-product free diet.  I make real chicken for him and watch any kind of food he gets to avoid his allergy breakouts.  It has always been hard to find him a treat or snack that doesn't freak him out (too concentrated) or that doesn't upset his digestion and skin allergies.
7801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat became ill and The Vet told me to stop feeding her normal cat food. My 17 year old cat seems to like and tolerates it much better. The price is expensive for me, though.
I usually dump the receptacle box contents into a plastic bag every couple days and throw it in the trash. That allows me to stretch the use of the plastic receptacle boxes they include when you buy it. When I replace my unit about every two years I usually have receptacle boxes left over. Should you use them more than me you can buy more at pet stores like Petco. The last set I got included air filters for the receptacle boxes. The odors were always greatly reduced before since the receptacle box encloses what is raked out of the litter box. Now with an air freshener I don't notice even a hint of the smell you get with a standard litter box. You can even remove the bottom easily and rinse it out with water.
* Ensure consumer protection
This comes with an extra squeaker, which I have NOT needed. (Despite the "mauling" that this gets every day.  But good to know it's there when we do need it!
Dylan is downright adorable. His "fur" is not the usual smooth fur but a mixed direction to create texture (of scales, I imagine). It's still the same amount of softness you'd expect. His wings seem to be brushed cotton. The red is vibrant and actually very close to the picture. I want to say I'm surprised but honestly, I'm not. I only buy this brand of plush animals for a reason.
4060	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing. No yucky hands from a drool covered ball! My German Shepherd did rip the ball open, but this chuckit also guys other balls.
1402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size and weight.
6251	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	That about says it all.  We give our 3 Maine coons a little wet food in the morning for a treat.  I hated having to drive to the pet food store (much cheaper than the grocery store).  Now that it comes to my front door, I couldn't be happier - and so are the kitties!
5554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my two dogs and it has worked out well.  Received it on time and product was as expected


So the representative says she will get back to me after they investigate. I said hey i need food for my dog.  She said well I can send you more cans but i cant say that they are going to be any different . Then she says you should just change her food!!  I said  i don't want to change her food she good on it i want you to fix your food.  I further tell her you cant just change a dogs food overnight it will make her sick. Same girl says No thats only dry food that does that!!. I had to inform her that she was being ludicrous and to fix the problem.  I then went on a whim since i wanted to fed my dog, to whole foods and bought a single larger can. I came home and the top 1/3 of the can was perfect. I called her and she said ok and sent me a case of big cans.
617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an Umbrella Cockatoo who destroys toys very quickly.  However, this one is taking her quite some time.  I am very pleased!
Conclusion: If you like to fetch, this is a great device for your parents to buy. They will be able to throw the ball farther, and they won't wear out as quickly. Plus if they are "old" they don't even have to bend over to pickup the ball! They can use the Launcher as a handle and press the cup onto the ball. Nifty. 3 out of 4 stars because Rottie's are not big on fetch.
MAX CAT is manufactured by Nutro Products, Inc. of Franklin, TN. I wonder if they have a squirrel flavor for consumption by kitties living in the back woods.
5984	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased the product even with all the negative reviews.  First of all to refill the feeder requires really taking the feeder apart...very cumbersome.  However having said this the green light was on.  I turned it on at the time I wanted it to rotate, 7 am every 24 hours.  I had to wait until the next day, well it never rotated.  Also the lid is very easy to move.  I have a Bengal cat, even if the feeder had worked I know he would have easily been able to move it.  I needed the feeder as we are going away.  However I returned it.  I will look for other options.  Unfortunately there really are no other automatic feeders with any consistent good reviews.  Save your time and effort, this product is not worth the trouble

9479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great quality cat food. My 2 cats love it. Recommended
6567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dobbi loved it

Please, if you own a dog, watch this show! This DVD set is filled with valuable information about canines and our relationship with them. Cesar gives good information in a no nonsense way that anyone can follow. The first season was wonderful, and you can bet I'm going to tune in for season two! Our canines need an advocate like Cesar.
3433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mine is an "indoor-only" cat who apparently had some fleas on him when adopted. I tried other similar products from the pet store, but he still scratched on. One app from Advantage and the scratching ended.

9240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are a favorite for our rottweiler-lab mix! I love the ingredient list and he loves their flavor (apparently). BONUS these fit into the rubber KONG toys perfectly and will keep your dog busy for a while trying to get the treat out!
587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He loved it.
7910	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love em'.
6448	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Product is good but expiration was only 2 months from arrival date. Totally fine if immediately consumed but other brands like Blue Buffalo have expirations of 2019-2020. Allowing it to be safely fed for 2+ years. Bad Wellness.
9982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We got these for our dog and they are pretty good. We have pit boxer mix and he has skin allergies. These seem to be made of pretty good ingredients. He does not break out in the rashes he does when he gets subpar or cheaper made treats. He does seem to really like the flavor of these.
4568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's great because you can throw any tennis ball a pretty good distant. My dog, who can run for hours, loves chasing after the balls.
4385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the best toys we have ever bought! Our dog loves playing fetch with it. The only thing that could make it better would be a hole in the handle to hang on a belt loop or carabiner.
4208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this thing! My dogs LOVE to run and fetch and this thing makes it even more enjoyable. They used to always outrun my throws and now the ball lands before they get halfway there. Totally recommend!
1140	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Box was opened and retaped when I got them, but I am not sure what's wrong with these liners.  NONE of them fit either one of my Littermaid boxes. I don't know if some others were switched in the box or what, but the entire 12 pack, every single one of them, the trays are about a 1/2" too narrow and they sort of look different. They don't look like the ones I've been buying for my smaller littermaid box, or my largest littermaid in over a year.
3367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cat loves it not.  I don't know why i have to write more to get this in, it is stupid and makes many now want to even write
7645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My senior boy,Buddy loves this food,anything to make him happy. It has a good consistency and mixes well with dry food.
4290	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great for the price! My only wish is that the ball was the rubber one instead of the sport type.
7877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this biscuit.
6090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have three large dogs and they use the ramp with ease.  Might have to assist pushing their behind up the first few times, but they get the picture quickly.  Saves their shoulders!  It folds easily and fits snugly onto the back end of my SUV (Porsche Cayenne 2011).
7286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Dogs adore the food easiest purchases ever!
6406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
This knife does a nice job when you are breaking down a big piece of meat. Its also good for chasing your mis-behaving employees around the kitchen with. (Just kidding, I use my serrated knife for that).


9953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent brand of koi food that is well packaged for shipping.

2691	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's really small so I wouldn't leave my dog alone w it but being that my dog is also on the smaller side she absolutely lives it! It's really cute too.

- not sure if these covers come without ties or if it was just the one I got, either way it worked out.
1742	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got Mr. Bill for my dogs for Christmas because he was cheap and I just like giving my dogs presents to open on Christmas because they love it so much.  To my surprise both my black labs like Mr. Bill more than the two other expensive quality toys I got them.  Mr. Bill was torn fairly quickly but I still let them play with him when Im watching them and even though the quality isn't that good Id much buy them a cheap toy that they play with and tear up than an expensive durable toy that never gets touched so I gave 5 stars based solely on how much my dogs liked him.
1550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these, their favorite treats.
1966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These aren't the most durable toys, but my puppy is obsessed with his lambchops! I think he likes that they are really soft. He sleeps with it in his cage ever single night. We've bought him a few now.
189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hope this works. Clicker is so loud, my Pug jumps. May be more a deterrent than a training incentive.
2475	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought 4 different toys and this is the one my German Wire-Haired Pointer loved. OOOOOOOhhhhhhhhh!
3146	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my 7-year-old Shar-Pei mix because he was walking funny from time to time.  So I thought he might need some type of supplement to strengthen his hip and joint.
2248	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I put this in a pet lover's basket at a shelter fundraiser. Cute little lambchop toy. Everyone was eyeing it up!

The first one lasted about 4 months (4 months to 8 months) and was still about 3/4 of the way intact but the head and tail were gone so i decided to renew.
I don't know whether it's the size, the shapes, the smells, or what it is about these Kong toys, but they are just so terrific. He wrestles with them and chews on them and  we play catch with them as well,  and they really take a beating and keep on ticking. He loves them all (though Mr. Moose is probably still the favorite with the alligator a close second.)
7163	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 adult male indoor/outdoor cats.  I feed them this plus various wet foods.  The cats seem to like this salmon flavor slightly more than other nutro max cat food that I've tried, the others being chicken indoor, salmon indoor and chicken indoor low weight.  There are fewer hairballs with this brand than others.  There may be more important nutrients in this food as one cat had a chronic weepy eye that nearly disappeared soon after I started feeding them this brand.
2549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute toy. Be careful as the stuffing will come out and your young puppy may choke on it. My puppy will just spit it out and not actually eat it. He loves carrying/attacking Mr. Bill though.
4215	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have an entire line of Chuck It Toys for my miniature schnauzer.  He loves them.  We spend hours playing with these.
7950	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Breeder sent this with the puppy and I thought I would upgrade.  When I upgraded the dog would smell his poop and eat it so quickly before I get to it that I get grossed out just thinking about it.  Anyway, long story short, my puppy needs to be disgusted by his poop so I went ahead and ordered a bag of this product since I didn't know any tractor supply stores in my area.
3540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great poop bag. Exactly what I was expecting. Thick plastic and it is 2 ply around where you grab. The 2 ply feature is really nice because if you have pine needles or any sharp twigs it is strong enough so it does not penetrate the bag within reason. My local park used to purchase these and switched to a lower quality bag. I did not like the new bags and found these on amazon. Thanks for the great Mutt Mitts.
7549	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good quality Cat food, it doesn't have a bunch of by products and fillers in it.  There are actual pieces of vegetables in the food (peas, potatoes, and carrots).  Unfortunately my picky cats don't like it.  I don't know if it's because they don't care much for pate, or what.  But it's no fault of the actual cat food.
8243	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price, comparable to cost of Unleashed & Petco.  Thank you.

I doubt it last the week but oh well it makes him happy
7904	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves the pate
8191	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVES these treats, I break them up for her because she is a little older but they're great.
799	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great colors and the little one we bought it for loves it she is crazy about peacocks and loves this one to.

4227	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Nothing more than expensive bright colored tennis balls. One bite and it splits in half.  It is not made up of a durable rubber so when I try to play catch with my dog, she runs with it in her mouth, bites it and it splits in two. :(
4672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Hours of fun for the dogs!
The only drawback is, because of the "Mr. Bill" sound-maker, it can only be surface-washed.  This is Lady's only toy that can't be tossed in the washer and dryer, but it's worth it to see my Lady with this toy.  I'm going to buy a few more, just to have on hand, in case Mr. Bill gets too dirty to surface wash.  I only wish they had a Mr. Hand dog toy to go with this.  ;-)
3548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these bags. I have two danes and these bags have never failed me! Wayyyyy better than those 1 ply bags.
538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our canary loves it!
2451	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome toys. I get them for my dogs, friends dogs... so funny to hear "Oh nooooo" as your dog runs around with him in their mouths...
Rope came out of one side after 4 uses.  No way to easily re-insert it.  Ended up having to knot the rope in several places to continue using it.  Would not recommend it.
2768	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very small.  My 18 lb dog is easy on toys and this became her favorite one instantly.  She likes being able to hold it between her paws and other toys are too big for her to do that.  Arrived with an extra squeaker, though I doubt my dog will ever destroy any of her toys.  It's a small bear and isn't exactly as pictured in the product picture.  But, all of the other reviews show it accurately.

3913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Yay these are my dogs favorite balls! I use them with the launcher and it's the best day ever for her.
816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice 12 month planner from At-A-Glance which gives you monthly appointment reminders.  I have always liked to be able to see the entire month instead of just a week at a time.
1175	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cheap 'n' cheezy, just like all the newer LitterMaid receptacles are.  Sure wish they would bring back the older, sturdier ones.  Really makes you feel like a captive market, since you don't have much choice but to use these if you want to use the LitterMaid.  I line them with bags, but the receptacles are so thin that they crack and split after about 3-4 uses just from putting them into and taking them out of the LitterMaid, so have to be replaced despite being lined.

3568	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These Mutt Mitts are great. We do a bit of camping and although most campgrounds provide bags, you end up carrying to a wastebasket. Most of the of the other bags are flimsy but not this one. It is perfect for picking up the unsavory and transporting it to the dump! They are pricey, but well worth the extra. I feel they must be more sanitary since you have more plastic between you and the ground dropping!

3106	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very functional/useful leash that allows you to 'arm swing' during your walk/run with you dogs.  This 'extra buddy' added a leash to my BUDDY SYSTEM that allows me to easily bring both of my dogs.  It took a few days but the dogs do very well with the system and I love the quick release system to quickly re-position the dogs.
 Jellycat Dylan Dragon has the ultra-soft fur that is a hallmark of Jellycat stuffed toys.  It feels wonderful to the touch and makes these animals very cuddly.  Jellycat Dylan Dragon features velvety, felt-like wings, spines and a tail-tip; although these features are not actually velvet, they are not felt.  His little black eyes peek out from underneath his fur.
Our puppy has a hard time giving the ball up in the past. But when he sees a Chuckit, something comes over him and he brings it back and drops the ball right in front of us!
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these.  Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!
4396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	all I got to do is sit in my chair and wait on our dog to bring the ball back ... I LOVE IT !!
4346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My German shepherd loves it
9393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Yorkie loves it
1147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i'm a cat lover of the first order, and presently own
2619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The actual toy lasted only a few weeks but for what it was you knew it wouldn't last longer than a rope toy with a dog that likes to chew more than some dogs.

2681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	thank u 4 this toy teddy bear CC loves it might need 2 buy it again 4 her 2 play with thank u
31	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I Love Love Love Any & All of Cesar's Teachings!
3574	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these dog waste bags. They are virtually indestructible. Some empty bags have gone through the wash undetected in jacket and pants pockets and still come out strong and useable. The best feature is the double layered "mitten".
8957	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	You think Legos hurt?  Try stepping on this little beauty.
4850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME
7298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these. Great for power chewer.
Pay attention to the sizes listed: extra-small is really small, best for only the tiniest toy breeds or for small puppies. Medium will work for most dogs, but if your dog is a shredder, loves to destroy plush toys, only get the large sizes. If you have certain breeds, like Staffordshire terriers and bull dogs, then perhaps another toy would be a wiser choice. You know your dog.
8384	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this food, and the Newfie at least is a picky eater. It's a high-rated premium food, and the cost here on Amazon, with Prime, is outstanding. It's pretty much the best of all worlds.
I bought this for my aging shihtzu. He used it as soon as I set it up.  It is very sturdy and durable.  Would hold a big dog easily.  I highly recommend it.

5129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like using this and my dog loves it!
4843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just have to get the nack to flick my wrist correctly to get the ball to go pretty far.  Certainly easier to toss the ball further and our puppy needs the running. Now if I could just get directions on how to get your dog to give you back the ball!!!!
9933	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I mix a few puppy foods together and this is one of the products that I feed my puppies.  They love it.
1887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is by far my dog's favorite toy ever. He takes it everywhere with him and always wants to play. It's the equivalent to a teddy bear to a child.
4710	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the back yard, fast shipping!

9735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this toy and have been using it daily since we got it. We especially enjoy them playing with it at all hours of the night!

1728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've bought these several times over the years because my dogs just love them
3294	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have fleas! Or, at least, they had fleas. I have used over-the-counter, less expensive items (flea powders, flea collars, etc.) up to and including other topical products like this one, and nothing worked. The flea collars were less than worthless - they actually caused patches of fur to fall out on at least one cat. The powder was unwieldy, and the other topical applications (save one) did not work at all.
2862	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Precious for little pups. Perfect size!
5906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these. They were shipped out quickly and the dogs and I couldn't be happier. Thank you. I'll be back to buy more.
If you are looking for a monthly planner for 2016, you could do much worse than this one from the At-A-Glance folks.
3877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is a chuckit addict and I prefer the orange balls for locating them in the field. She's really abused these tennis balls and they have survived. I can imagine a larger, more aggressive dog can destroy them easily, but my 40 lb cattle dog prefers to carry them around in her mouth as well as chase them.

9447	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had my koi for years, and this is the only food I have ever feed them. Raised my koi from babies and they are huge now, so the food works for us.
6310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I jest.
7055	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty loves it.
First, understand how this works. The system sense motion and then X minutes after the cat has left the area, the tines move across, dragging any solids and clumps with it, pushing those items into the receptacle plastic box at the far end. Then the tines return to their original position and wait for a new visit.
1893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs loves it
I've had great luck with fresh step litter.
Her prior owner never took care of her and when I got her 12 days ago, her hip bones and spine bone were sticking out of her body.
8500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	THE DOGS LOVE IT
2024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My monster loves this toy...(a little too much if u know what I mean)

6543	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My seem to like a lot~
AT LEAST 5 cans were smashed and open. I t was like 96 that day and OMG THEY SMELLED SO BAD. There were at least another 4 that were badly crushed and because of the heat and being slightly opened I didn't want to take the chance that my kitties might get sick. Gonna try one more time with food. If the same thing happens again, No More for me!
8681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a boxer who has a very sensitive tummy so it is hit and miss with what we can feed her. She LOVES this food, and so does her tummy!!
4779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the chuck it. This allows me to throw the ball so much further than I normally could. My lab loves running the longer distances to retrieve his ball. This chuck it holds the larger ball which is ideal for labs.
5298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We are 50 - 60 years old and this is wonderful!  We have a Border Collie that needs the ball thrown farther than we could possibly throw without.  We can throw it 20-40 yards - use it everyday!!!  Does not hurt your arm when throwing - major plus!
I would not repurchase this item, nor would I recommend it to a friend.... an enemy.... maybe.
748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy a new one every year. Always look forward to the new designs.


1064	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	the privacy tent is a very clever item.

477	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kept the beasts off my buddy, have bought again.
5085	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	How can anyone who has a dog not have one of these?  I've had one for years and wanted to have another to keep in my car.  Saves lots of bending over and sore arms... Plus my wife throws like a girl (thank God)!
Jellycat is my favorite brand of stuffed toys.  Each creature is carefully made, soft and cuddly, and very, very loveable.  Jellycat Dylan Dragon is no exception  5-stars from Grandma and her grandson!

Looking at the labeling on three random flavors (Salmon, Savory Duck, Turkey & Chicken Liver), the ingredients common to all (and presumably the other varieties) are: chicken, potato starch, wheat gluten, pork plasma, natural flavors, salt, guar gum, sodium phosphate, calcium carbonate, potassium chloride, DL-methionine, taurine xanthine gum, ferrous sulfate, vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc oxide, thiamine mononitrate (vitamin B1), copper proteinate, manganous sulfate, niacin, d-calcium pantothenate, vitamin A supplement, vitamin D3 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, potassium iodide, vitamin B12 supplement, sodium selenite, folic acid, and biotin. I should try one on a cracker. (Of course, each individual flavor also contains the ingredient that defines it, like duck in the "savory duck.")
1. It is way cheaper than the store - seriously. Local retailers here have it priced at $12.99 ON SALE for the 24pk. Sometimes you'll see a coupon on Amazon --which makes it an even better deal.

7499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty loves it and that's good enough for me.
9833	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Pitties love these treats
1530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat loves this stuff .
UPDATE: Unfortunately I took my dog to the beach wearing this... and a little sand got into the leash buckle, where it attaches to her collar. Now I cannot use it. Any idea how to get the sand out?!
1121	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have gone through 2 of these in 5 years.  NEVER again will I purchase a a Littermaid.  This model died Monday after 2-1/2 years, but had been having problems with the rake running continuously until it finally cut off.  The cord finally snapped on Monday.  Not only the short lifespan considering the price, but I found myself spending nearly as much time cleaning the box as I did a regular old litter pan.  No matter what litter brand I tried, it adhered like mud to the bottom of the pan, would stick to the rake, and eventually cause the machine to cut off.
5495	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I thought this would be fun to play with my 126# dog outside...  But unfortunately he is also a couch potato. Hates going outside... LOL
2492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i bought this for my puppy, but my older dog loved it, too.  They have fun playing with this.  It is a nice size and pretty durable considering two dogs are chewing on it.
7149	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wow!! My cat loved this and he is the pickiest eater. His whole life he would only eat one wet food. He also eats only one cat treat and it happens to be the most expensive one too. Hes so spoiled. I put this out for him and was so shocked he ate it, then I came back an hour later and it was gone!! Ive tried to give him wellness many times but he would always sniff it and turn his nose up to it. My other cat loved wellness and she wasn't picky at all, but she passed away last year. But for my cat to eat this shows how delicious it is.
In the end, it's a little costlier than low end dog food but our dogs absolutely love this stuff. Moreover, it ends up being cheaper b/c we don't need to mix in any canned food or anything else.  They love this stuff so much we jokingly call it puppy crack.  Anecdotal evidence isn't pretty weak and our sample size isn't huge, but 7 of our dogs have shown absolutely consistent love for this stuff.  It's pricey, but IMHO, it's worth every penny.
7073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been feeding my cats Max Cat for years. Both are happy and healthy critters. My vet says that they're in perfect health because of this brand. The switch from the indoor adult line to the senior food was easy. I also fed my dog Nutro for years. Can't go wrong with this brand. I only wish this bag came in a slightly larger size.
These things are durable and last.  I have had one of mine for at least 5 years.  Another one simply got lost which is why I am purchasing a new one.  I keep them around the house so we always have one handy for Ms Ball Obsessed wonderdog.
7459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We've been feeding Wellness wet food (along with a high quality dry food) to our dogs for over 15 years, including our dearly departed. When you open the can, it is one pressed can shape form, there is no dripping gravy, like some foods have that count towards "volume by weight" and are really a waste of money.
7913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy these in bulk! Great way to occupy a naughty dog and great gifts for neighbor dogs
1263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice product. Our senior hound takes these with no problem. She is very picky when it comes to meds and we've had no problem with these. We're hoping that they help with her nutrition.
2473	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Had to buy a second one because my cocker loved it so much
5145	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product has been around for a long time.  Milo, my dog loves it.  No complaints here.
5728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Look great - washed up nice - grouped them on the counter.
598	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I loved it--it is exactly as described.  It didn't appeal to our conure, but she is pretty picky so it might just be her.
7985	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These have been a favorite of my large Lab, Jack, for years.  He recommends them with a 4 Paws rating!
1440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Healthy snacks and my dog loves them
6687	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cat's approve.
While these balls are the size of a tennis ball, their walls are much sturdier. The balls are much heavier, and while he can strip the fuzz somewhat, he hasn't been able to break through that solid construction. We are teaching him not to chew up his toys, but it's a process. These chuckit tennis balls are keepers, for sure.
He gets fed in the morning and at night so every 12 hours, snacks consist of the wellness and steamed veggies ... he loves'm and is has good weight now
2071	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Overpriced rag. 30 minutes after the arrival, the squeaky part was silent.....I have a 4 month old yorkie. It's not JAWS. I would return it, but she chewed  off the eyes.  Waste of money.

1417	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these.
7139	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	cats liked this
8317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They go for it, seem to really like it.

use the premium litters they recommend. anything else, and you'll
7276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wasted a lot of money on this product because five out of twelve cans were dented too badly to be safely used. I can't get a refund unless I return the item, but that's quite a big hassle packaging and hauling a case of dog food out to be shipped. That's the reason I tried subscribe and save-so I wouldn't have to haul it! No more canned goods from subscribe n save.
7921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these.....mind you, they seem to like anything!!!
I'm not the only one upset about this issue with Wellness wet food. I've seen comments on several pet boards addressing this problem. One woman said that when she gets an "off" case, not even the feral colony she helps manage will eat it . . . what does THAT tell you?
7823	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dogs love these biscuit treats.  Buy them in bulk and you will save money.

888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty's love these
8978	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Lasted 20 minutes if that.  Year and half old lab destroyed it.  Too flexible for how strong our lab is.
6463	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	my 4 cats were not impressed and would prefer Sheba
9690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This puppy food has always worked great for us. Puppies eat it well, and have always done great on it. We have used Hills science diet dog food for years raising yorkshire puppies, they have always done better on science diet, than any other food we tried.
I didn't get a chance to even test it out.
2470	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is my dogs favorite toy, ever. I have bought him about 7 because he tears her the heck up. I love this toy though don't get me wrong. She does last for a a good while before he completely ruins her beyond repair. I usually sew her up and she's good for more time. But then he gets to the point of death so I buy him back up lambys. This is his girl! Favorite toy ever.
8566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Like this combo
4882	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best toy ever. get the long one. 26m.
440	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	XOXOOXO
1508	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love the Nutro High Protein and Grain Free dog food as we do not feed our girl anything that uses corn as well as trying to avoid wheat as much as possible. We do use dog foods with rice some of the time, but the recipe for this food uses chickpeas, which is a great alternative! Isabelle loved the taste  and had no issues with the food digestively as well. Nutro's pet foods are a bit more expensive than many of the healthy alternatives, but we believe it is well worth the price.
5100	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This launcher will really get the distance you need to tire our your pup! Also takes a lot of stress off the arm.
It was interesting to see how he responded to the glow in the dark. Charlie is seven years old and has "EXPECTATIONS" about what a ball is supposed to do. So he was actually shy about playing with it. Sam, our three year old Lab, on the other hand has "NO EXPECTATION" about what a ball is or isn't supposed to do. He loved it! Charlie warmed up to it after he saw Sam playing with it.
7750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 15 1/2 year old cat loves this food.
8587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat had never tasted duck, as far as I know (who knows what she does all day...) and is very finicky, often leaving most of a can behind for the garbage. She cleaned her plate the first time after her first serving of savory duck. She smelled it and was not one bit suspicious. Since then, she has left some on her plate but usually eats more than half. Maybe I need to get her more flavors. Maybe she wants more variety.
237	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Save $959.66 on a 4.4 oz tube which costs $9.34?  I would want this bargain even if I did not have a cat!
496	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only thing I've tried that gets all the fleas and ticks from my dog. He stopped scratching and biting himself. From all the bad reviews I've read, I thought this would have a bad reaction on my dog but it hasn't happened.
4149	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Buy this for your dog.  Definitely a top 5 dog must have.
The unit is very sturdy, and while it takes some effort to re-insert the center motor unit after installing or changing the 9-volt battery, once it's inserted, it's not necessary to remove the white food compartment cover to refill the dish - simply use the advance button.
My cats are also happy. While I still have an appreciation for Frontline, I am happy to have Advantage as a viable alternative.
2246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly and as described. I liked it more than my dogs. They were scared of the voice:)
I was hoping it was FOLDED as it mentioned on the box.  No way jose.
3370	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for many years. I have tried others and always come back to Advantage because it seems to work the best. I purchase on line because I can purchase a 6 month supply a lot cheaper than at the vet.  I was concerned about the expiration dates in the beginning, however, I have never had a problem.  My cat is happy, healthy and flea free!  Highly recommend this product for your pet!
4442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good one, doesn't throw too far which is good as my backyard is big but I don't want to loose the balls into my nieghbors.
3735	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've used many different "waste bags".  By far, Mutt Mitts are the best I've found.
9970	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog who destroys all toys is still playing with this one intact months later.  Plays with it daily.  Only toy that has ever survived.
7497	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice food for my foster kittens, they have all (80) enjoyed it.
4164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it! Chuck it are the best balls for any big dogs. Not as easy to destroy.
6245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've worked in several vet hospitals and this is all of their go-to regular good. The formula has been specially made by hundreds of professional scientists and veterinarians at Purina. When my puppy graduated to adult food, I found myself wondering if grain free really was better, but I'm glad I decided on Pro Plan! My baby downs it and her coat is softer than it was on a lower quality diet. Also, you can tell by looking at the poop at what kind of quality diet they are on! Good poop = happy pooch! (Remember that grain free replaces grains with other carbohydrates in any dried dog food.)
Even though it has the cat desired strong odor, she likes it stirred to release more of that smell.
It does appear however that it does have a weak point approximately 51/4" down the handle from bottom rim of the ball holder. It is almost as if they attempted to design and mold this product using only the same amount of plastic resins as in the next size down. I take a star away for that only. Overall I would recommend it to a friend if he or she had physical limitations in their primary arm with a hound that still needs long distance runs in order to get their proper amount of daily exercise. With us it is twice a day! "If" the product fails in under two-years I will update and if it lasts that long given the abuse we put it thru I will still continue to buy the product.
2566	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	THe large dog, Dixie, LOVES Mr. Bill.  This toy is not for an aggressive dog.  Mr. Bill is a good companion for Lambchops.
4175	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The ChuckIt Tennis balls are my Labradoodle's favorite throw toy and they last a long time!  Definitely recommend these to anyone with a dog that loves to play catch.
1997	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We love these toys for our dogs.  Amusing to us and them!
I'm sure it's spectacular on its own but the princess pug wants homemade

9846	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have always had one of these for our cats.  Well made product, don't buy the knock offs, make sure it is the authentic brand.
9529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food.
1) Please look into a quality limited ingredient/grain free kibble - this is most important! Meat should be the first ingredient!
7516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The chicken and lobster is thicker and tougher than some of the other flavors. I have to mash it up and water it down a little for my cat. But overall my cat likes the flavor.
8874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Boarder Collie & a Boarder Collie/Lab mix. Both are heavy chewers and will destroy most toys within a few days. KONG toys are the only ones they can't destroy. I bought this one to have as an alternative to the other KONG toy we have. This WILL last for your dogs.
7274	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It is working well with my dog who has skin allergy problems and also is very finicky. It seems to work well with her now that I have switched to this brand of dog food.
8936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	On time delivery. My Koi really like this TetraPond Vibrance sticks.
6533	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Toy
5821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One dog liked these and another did not. I have a picky dog and a not so picky dog. My dog who enjoyed them has shown some improvement in a very short amount of time. Id say two weeks or so. My other dog doesnt have hip issues but is a German shepherd so I wanted to try and give her a preventative. I have to smash the treats up and mix them with wet food for her.
2562	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 70 pound Lab loves this toy! She is a bit scared, but still interested enough to play with it. She is a chewer so I had to cut off the nose because she was trying to eat it, but other than that she has not chewed the toy up. She got one for Christmas and accidentally broke it when I threw it and she caught it and her tooth hit the box that makes the noise. I ordered 2 more for her. This is her favorite toy and it is durable.
3334	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	KILLS FLEAS DEAD.
8546	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Dogs like them.
2818	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the price..we buy extra squeaks because our doxies kill toys...perfect for 11lb dogs
6655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this for the bottom tray of my rabbits' cages. I sprinkle it along with other absorbent materials. I probably use more variety of materials than the average rabbit owner but I like the bottom trays nice and clean. I've used this in the past when I had cats too.
8805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I needed a larger pan for my 15 lb cat.  This sure fits the bill.  No more accidents outside the box since I started using this big pan.  Thanks !
9969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	only giving four stars because we got the pink - i knew the color may not be as shown but that was probably the last color i would have chosen. Anyway - my cat is an older guy and so he doesn't play much with the ball but he loves to scratch it and rub his face on it. He enjoyed the included catnip but only briefly.
369	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great collar!

1985	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is great and my pup loves sleeping with it a night in his crate. Has held up well
8159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Do issues with this fish food.  Looks really orange, but the fish are biting, so they must like it.  I like that it is an airtight resealable bag.
7400	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a picky eater who also happens to be allergic to all poultry. I was hesitant to order him the beef and salmon flavor since I was told by several vets if it is not a prescription hypoallergenic food the ingredients are not guaranteed to be accurate. He has been eating hypoallergenic food for a year, but I don't like the idea of him eating the same food day in and day out.  So I ordered the beef and salmon flavor and figured I would try it. So far he's been eating it without any allergic reaction ( skin issues).  He also loves it. Hopefully this will be a reliable formula to alternate with the prescription food
1456	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Give it several days and your cuticles WILL get better. I had some cuticles on my thumbs that were rough and uncomfortable. This product after about 5 days made them look and feel much better.
2117	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Muzzle area weak and easily torn. Dog loves it but it does not last long
6649	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog has thrived on this food.  We mix it with Rachael Ray's dry food.  It all disappears.  When I say thrive, our seven year old looks healthier and acts younger.  We are pleased and will continue with this product.

4637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Siberian husky loves this and so does my shoulder
5972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant after reading other reviews, but needed to try something. I found it worked great. you have to read the reviews and understand that the item doesn't tell time, it works by hours. If you put it on 12 hours @ 11:00pm, then it's going to open @11:00am. That was the only mistake that I made. I didn't turn it on until 8:00pm for 24 hours and my cat is use to getting fed in the morning. I do need to buy another one, so I can feed twice a day, when I go away for more than two days.
6750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love the Pate, they cannot get enough of it, will order more in the future along with other Friskies products, Perfect for 2 cat household, 1/2 a can for each cat.
-You can throw waaaay farther with the chuckit. Without it, I throw like a 9 year old girl, and my dog gives me this sad disapproving face. With the chuckit, I am a superhero propelling the ball half a football field away. My dog gets a satisfactory run and I don't get to feel like a terrible thrower.
*Coincidentally, i asked the seller to ship fast and they did - very well packaged too!*
3278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our little puppy showed no more signs of worms within 1-2 days! Will buy this product again if need be.
4535	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	for throwing faaaaaarrrrr
2179	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	MY DOG AND MY SONS DOGS LOVED IT. ITS SUCH A GREAT TOY AND MADE WELL.
610	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our African Grey ate all the cardboard and would not bit the wood.  Maybe too big for him.
9721	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it. It has a good, strong smell.
4564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Wonderful invention!


8144	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had a large breed puppy that was being bottle fed and we started weaning him onto milk from a dish at 6 weeks and introduced solids around that time. I didn't want him on the large breed puppy kibble because he was not big enough to chew the pieces at 6 weeks. But I couldn't start him on small breed puppy food because then he would not be getting the nutrition for his size to grow and maintain a healthy weight. So I went with the general puppy chow for all sizes of puppies and the kibble was small sized so he ate it very well. He grew magnificently from eating this food.
8690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It does keep water clear compare with other food I had before. I do not have water filter for my pond and the water was very clear
9940	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These treats get the Dakota stamp of approval! Dakota is my pup and he is quite the expert on dog treats. He is not picky, but he eats these treats with enthusiasm. I will break treats up for training sessions and also will put a couple in his Kong toy. They are the perfect size to fit in a medium Kong. The treats break easily so I can make one biscuit into two or three. Dakota will do almost any trick in the world for one of these. Dakota has allergies, so I am very happy to find options that are grain free. He still willingly eats grain, often behind my back, but I would prefer no itchy dogs.
7839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these and so do I.  They really get the stuff off his teeth.
My boyfriend was able to launch the ball 250 feet with little effort. He says it works just like a skeet thrower.
7269	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, puppies love them We train service puppies for Guide Dogs for the Blind organization, and this is one of their approved toys. It's super sturdy and a great toy for puppies who love to chew !
4229	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My beagle loves to chase balls so now I can actually have her run a long way to get the ball.  Since I'm older it makes it much easier for me.
4500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Talk about making fetch easy and fun. Our dog gets so much exercise with this, which means less crazy puppy in the house.
9800	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 adult cats and 2 of them are very picky when comes to wet food. I didn't want to feed them those cheap low quality junk food (even though I know they love it) but at the same time I don't want to spend too much money on it. I gave Wellness a try. I couldn't be happier.

746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Finally, a planner that has enough room to write in, no more tiny writing that I can't decipher after the fact. The best planner by far.

2178	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Ripped the first day by my shorkie
[...]
2203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very soft toy, which is good because the boxer I got it for likes to mouth soft toys, so for him it was a hit.  However, for a dog like his brother who is rough and shakes and pulls on his toys it probably wouldn't last long.  Luckily they don't usually play with the same toys so I expect the lamb chops will last for awhile.
8166	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	While this food was highly recommended by 2 different vets, my 4-month old Shih-Tz puppy's stools were quite liquid-like for 3 weeks. I even added a probiotic recommended by the vet. I started transitioning to Nutri Source for Small & Medium Breed Puppy (25% Nutri Source to 75% Science Diet) and my puppy's stools almost immediately became normal (no longer liquid-like). The jury is still out on Nutri Source as it's only been a couple days, but I'm hopeful this alternative will be our solution. BTW, I do not give our puppy any table scraps or canned food. The dry food is his only diet.
5746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I really love these 18oz bubble glasses. They have a wonderful feel in your hand and a quality thickness when you drink from them. The aqua color is pretty much the same as shown and I will buy more as needed. All arrived in perfect condition on time. I just wish Amazon would offer the matching aqua pitcher.
when our third bathroom is finished, i'm aiming for a cat genie, the box with the washable granules that flushes fluid waste away and scoops the poop into a receptacle. it's three times the price of the littermaid, but i'm betting it won't be worse than this.
When we got back, we found that the cats did not have the positive response to this device we had hoped.  Not only had the device been turned upside down and emptied, but the batteries had been removed and scattered across the room.  But that wasn't enough.  Our industrious kitties had dragged whatever they could lay paws on over to the unit and buried it in random objects.
7562	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	*update on July 10- just spoke with people at Wellness: Was told the reason they removed those 4 ingredients was because "people" complained and didn't want them in the cat food". The man went on to say the company has been receiving a lot of feedback from people like us, complaining that our cats will no longer eat the food. I suggested that they bring it back and keep both formulas- the old one and the new one. Make every body happy- he said it certainly is a possibility and that they DO LISTEN TO WHAT PEOPLE SAY- SO PLEASE- CONTANT THEM- THEY WILL TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY- and he also said emails /letters to the company are taken very seriously.  LET'S GET THOSE INGREDIENTS BACK THAT OUR CATS LOVE!!! ***
5968	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The variety of times available to set allowed us to go on vacation for 4 days and leave our cat at home. We used the dish for her treats and medicine (she takes a powder med that she loves). We would just put the powder on her morning treat and she got her meds. Didn't have to worry about her eating it all on day one. I read reviews that said their cat destroyed the dish, but our cat had no problem.
4157	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes endless ball throwing so much easier and cleaner.
1429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little terrier is very finicky about her kibble. I've had her over two years and it's been two years of her disappointment with my various (expensive) offerings.
618	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our BG Macaw did not destroy this right away.  Big chunky wood - Edit:  For some reason my BG just ended up ignoring this.  He did not want anything to do with it after the first couple days and usually destroys everything right away.  I don't know if there is a smell or something about it but he left it - I tried reintroducing it whenever I would rotate toys - no dice.  He won't chew it - everything else goes to toothpicks though.  This is a mystery - but I'm trusting his judgement - there's something there he doesn't like.
2644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our small dog loves this toy.
1091	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have been using the Cat Tent for years to cover my Littermaid Mega.
7936	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They keep her busy and chewing for ages. Vary scratchy, however, not a welcome item when she wants us to play tug with them.
4297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I ordered three of these and this item is great, I own an 11 week old German Shepherd puppy that loves to chase a tennis ball and she grows bigger every single day. I was afraid that if I got a ball that was 'her' size that I would not be able to keep it as she grows, but these seem to be just the right size, she can carry it around in her mouth just fine - she was carrying regular ones at 7 weeks!
5452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs thank you ...they love this new toy ...works really good to throw the ball into the ocean for them...
1948	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to love this plush, since I grew up watching Lambchop, but sadly my frenchie busted the little guy open on the first day. One thing I do love about it is the big squeaker is easy for my dog to squeak and it's loud so he loves it! I'll probably take the squeaker out now that it's opened and sew it into a different toy.


5651	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome lil ball thrower. Bought it not expecting much, but really suprised. My dog will run till she drops chasing balls and my arms get tired- this is a gem of a relief on me. If you have a retriever- buy one of these- will save your back not bending over to pick up ball. Well made will buy more of them
a high level of mercury? She got cancer from vaccinations, I wouldn't vaccinate too much,
7017	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not happy at all with this product. Has fish and making my dogs throw up.
6231	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I did not care for this litter neither did my cat . He didn't really want to walk on them plus it clumped really oddly with the litter
9000	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	It came in a hills science diet bag but this food is not the original product.  I've been buying this food for years,  this kibble is 3 times bigger than real product.
Pay attention to the sizes listed: extra-small is really small, best for only the tiniest toy breeds or for small puppies. Medium will work for most dogs, but if your dog is a shredder, loves to destroy plush toys, only get the large sizes. If you have certain breeds, like Staffordshire terriers and bull dogs, then perhaps another toy would be a wiser choice. You know your dog.
8116	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cats don't eat it at all, it would be useful as they are fat
6182	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I had one tick I pulled off that just happened to work.  I can see it may be better if you let the tick get bigger, but if it's newly dug in, it is very hard to use.  You have to try to line up JUST right, and if your dog squirms like MINE does, well - you are pretty much out of luck.
1258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them and I will be ordering another bottle next week.
9490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have very picky eaters, and they absolutely love this food. I try and feed them food that is a better quality than the foods found at the grocery store, as I believe that will help them live a longer, healthier life. I switch up the flavors to keep things interesting, but I consistently buy this brand because they enjoy it.
9301	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it.

2604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I would never have order this dog toy- but after reading the reviews I thought I would try Mr Bill. He was an instant hit. I don't know why. My puppy has tons of toys, but loves Mr Bill.
4700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.
9365	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	When I bought this at a local store, my cats gobbled it up....so I bought a case of the 12 ounce cans from Amazon and my cats (all 4) won't go near it. They hate it.....this I do not understand...this batch is kind of like mud, not moist....i will try adding some broth since it's not very wet and see if they will eat it.
4693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	really lets you whip the ball.  I can wear out my dog twice as fast now!
674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It was a gift for my granddaughter. Right size for a six year old, she wanted the jumbo, I thought it would be too big for her small hands. These are perfect! Old school(Retro) I bought her two sets.
4674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great design
1903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this!!!
3073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic system to use when training crazy young puppies and dogs! It keeps your dog safely attached to you, leaving both of your hands free to Click your clicker, give hand signals, and treat your dog! This product feels very sturdy and well made. The leash material is very thick and feels like it will stand up well to prolonged use. All of the buckles and the leash clasp feel sturdy as well. The leash clasp can unbuckle from the leash itself (as you can see in the stock photo) so you can let your dog roam or swim, and then hook them back up after. The leash section itself can also unbuckle, allowing you to use it just like a normal leash and is adjustable from 22" - 40".
8596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	a little too large, bit okay.
3371	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SUPER DUPER GREAT PRODUCT, GO FOR GOLD, YOU'RE IN IT TO WIN THIS IS IT AND DO IT WELL BUY THIS ITEM! 19 WORDS TO FILL THE REVIEW WOOT! WOOT!
7324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Indestructible, but sharp edges develop. They can be filed down for safety. Dishwasher safe and durable.
5337	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Product is exactly as described, but I wish I had purchased the one with a handle one size longer. When seated on a bench, if the dog brings back the ball and drops it as much as one foot away, I can't reach it without practically falling out of my seat. But as I'm too lazy to actually stand up and pick it up, the dog is slowly learning to drop the ball closer.
1224	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	First off, it seems that someone is spamming the reviews.  Each of these glowing reviewers has never reviewed anything else on Amazon.  And when a bad review is posted you'll see several days worth of great reviews to push off the bad ones.  [edit: Note the new "Amazon verified purchase" label!  Beware of the glowing review from people who have not purchased this item.]
4886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Using this to throw with your dog helps everyone out---the dog gets more exercise, you don't have to handle a nasty, spit-covered ball, and you're not throwing out your shoulder and screaming cuss words if your dog requires a substantial amount of throwing time. I actually much prefer using regular tennis balls as opposed to the one that comes with this item; furthermore, that very same ball doesn't float well in water (it sank quickly in the river and hadn't even begun to endure the toll a typical tennis ball gets from my dog).
2452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Who wouldn't adore this? My pups and I both do!
2345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you're a fan of the old Saturday Night Live shows, you'll be delighted with this dog toy!  My dogs are fascinated when they bite down on him and he says "OHHHHH NOOOOOO!"  The price of Mr. Bill is less than half on Amazon than at the grocery store (...and that's IF your grocery store even carries it).  I bought one as a keepsake for myself that the dogs will never get!
9317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This last a long time my dogs just keep playing with it.
9639	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I hate going to the store to stock up on pet food, so when I saw the price of this item and the fact that it could be delivered free, I bought it. The expiration date is on the package. I was pleased with the quick service too.

We wanted to be sure and give our "Starboy" the best food so he'd have a great start in life. Starboy hikes up to 6 miles per day and he needs to be getting proper nutrition.  Wellness ingredients seem to fit the bill.  Our dog loves his food---we mix in veggies and olive oil and some raw full fat hamburger, too.  Starboy is now 5 months old. You should see his coat!  This photo doesn't do him justice. Happy dog!
3383	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is By Far the better commercial product.  Vets use products exactly like this - and it has been proven to work and is safe as long as the user knows what they're doing.  The only time to use this product is when there is a problem.  I would not ever use any sort of drug unless the need is called for.  The idea of using these types of drugs as a regiment is silly.  If you have a flea problem on a constant basis - you need professional exterminators to handle your living conditions.  But if, by chance your kitten comes into contact with fleas (like a neighbor bringing them in or getting them at the Vet) this product works great.  Use the first 'squeezer' and see if the pests are still around after a month.  If so - you've got the problem, not the kitten.  If not - don't put the animal through the drug any further than needed.  It's just like any other form of chemo-therapy.  And I know all about that...

2733	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	just note, this toy is super tiny. for very small dogs or cats. but quality product. thanks
7133	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	dogs don't like it
3940	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dogs pull the fibers off of it. Not good.

9679	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like for my cats to eat specialty canned foods but my cats don't. They have refused plenty of "great ingredients" cat food in favor of Friskies and Fancy Feast. Friskies fits my humble budget and the cats seem healthy and happy. We switch around some but all in all, Friskies foods are welcome in our cupboards.
905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have to give my dog treats with no corn or wheat and treats without these ingredients can sometimes be hard to find.  These soft treats are his absolute favorite and they are a good value on Amazon.
6944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	OK
6849	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Elderly dog loves this wet food! Will purchase again!
I tried wet food, which was easier since my older dog has wet food, but she wouldn't eat even that after a few weeks.... then I tried this dry food and so far so good, she hasn't gotten tired of it yet!
I want to add that you should of course supervise your dog with this toy. The voice box has batteries inside which could really cause problems if your dog consumes any or all of the innards. I recommend supervision with any toy that your dog can potentially dismantle.
that one broke some time this last summer, it would turn on and the motor would try to run then immediately stop and would just stay in the park position. so we bought a LM500. the LM500 would jam and fail about every 5th time so I took the opportunity to inspect the mechanism (since it was new and clean, working on an old one is no fun) and found that the LM500 was significantly cheaper than the LM700. the old one has dual stop and return sensors and a pretty strong motor. taking what I learned I cleaned out and fixed the front sensors on the old one and it started working again and I returned the horrible LM500.

177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the book finally arrived and was so worth the wait!!!  It is full of stories and first hand accounts that are excellent and helpful
1171	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have actually had two of these machines. The first one I used for about a year before the motor burned out. I had tried other mechanized pooper scoopers and this one did a barely acceptable job. It always clogged with large 'loads,' and the rakes would get clogged with my cat's excrement. The second one I bought was actually the latest model and it did an even worse job. I spent more time cleaning up 'after' the box than I ever did with an old-fashioned litter box. Then in frustration, I went to the message boards and found salvation: The Litter Robot (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Litter-Robot-LRII-Automatic-Self-Cleaning-Litter-Box-Black/dp/B000LJFQF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Litter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box, Black</a>).
2677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My yorkie puppy loves wagging this tiny toy around.
5509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the medium chucker.  Use it every day at the dog park and it is the perfect size for me.
4689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy. Highly recommended.
7455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This took a long time for my pup to warm up to, but now he loves it.
Wish list: (just some thoughts I had)
CONCLUSION
9181	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	OK - let's get real here - here's a breakdown of the main ingredients in MaxCat canned cat food, basically the same basic ingredients in all their so called "nutrient rich cat food", which is left over garbage from waste products from the meat industry:
2364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We love this dog toy.  It screams "Oh NOOOOOOO" when the dog gets it.  It doesn't last long, but then it is my husband and the dog's favorite thing.  It reminds us (my husband and me, not the dog) of our youth watching Saturday Night Live.
4410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great invention. no more having to bend down to pick up the ball. just scoop the ball up and make sure its inside the cradle part.
9213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this box to accommodate 2 cats. It works well holds enough cat litter to keep every in check for a week

7077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have developed a game: I buy a small bag of food. They love it. I buy a big bag of food. They whine and refuse to eat until I buy some other small bag. Rinse and repeat.
724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this product.
He is a small dog Jack Russell (or Rat) Terrier mix ...
My Koi continue to thrive.
7328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great idea!! very sturdy!!
8351	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog refused to eat this one and other Hill's Science products.  They just don't like the taste.
1693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves these. Theres squeakers in all the feet too.
9130	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love this food
She is completely healthy by all other standards - but if she or the other two catch a cold, or feel stressed etc., this coronavirus can surface. Much like a herpes virus in humans. And like the herpes virus it is easily transmitted. With cats the primary method that they transmit illness to each other is through feces.
3868	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Our Golden has always loved chuckit! but the last 6 or so large balls I have bought have all split along the seam with in days of him playing with it.  Very disappointing. The picture was taken the same day we opened the package :-(

988	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this to raise the flow level in my Fluval Spec 5 and it definitely does that! The flow is fantastic!
9128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cats like it and that is great
It's great for keeping my doctors appointments and other scheduled activities!
2026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	SO CUTE
7811	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this food. He says: "Meow meow, prrrr prrrr meow". (he wanted me to post that for him)
8739	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? It's a great price for the convenience of having it delivered at the door versus having to go to the local supermarket for big items. We have seven dogs so we go through a bag a week, these are a small enough size that our 5 pound Chihuahua can chew it without any problems and our 50 pound lab swallows them without any problem. Bottom line: Great item and price!
3965	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great small ball. Well made. I purchase these for my doxy who loves tennis balls. This is my second order placed.
2299	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love it having trouble ordering another one.
9857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this food for my adult male chiweenie and two female chiweeniepom puppies. I researched for a while before finally deciding to get this particular brand. I'm glad I did get this brand. My dogs absolutely love it. Before buying canidae my puppies were on purina puppy chow and my adult was eating kibbles n bits brand. They were "healthy", but their poop smelled horrible and I knew there was much healthier food out there for them. I gave this to my adult to see if he liked it and indeed he did, I attempted to try and feed him his last bit of "junk" food he had left and he would not touch it. The only dry food he will eat is canidae and nothing else and the puppies love it too. I read all the bad reviews and chose to still buy it and hope for a good outcome and it was good. My dogs are healthier than ever, they haven't had any diarrhea, vomitting, weightloss, unhealthy weight gain, or anything that I have read on the other reviews, but my dogs also have no allerges that I know of either. Another plus is that their poop doesn't smell as bad either, I mean in still stinks but nothing like before. I started feeding them canidae on Thursday July 26, 2012 and two months later they are healthier than ever with no adverse effects and my veterinarian likes it too.
220	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Keeps my big dogs out of the living room, which is what I needed it for.  I just wish I could figure out a better way to anchor it.  I'm using a bungee cord and the back of a bench.
4722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It is a great toy for playing fetch IF you only use it with the tennis type balls.  I wanted it for the Chuckit Rubber Balls which both my dog and I prefer.  They fit but stick in the launcher most of the time.  I found it helps some to only partially put the rubber ball in the launcher but wish it could be redesigned to work with both ball types.
7604	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as expected, packaging ok, would repeat order
The meat and non-meat are easy to distinguish; the meat is shredded while the rest is hard little "kibble" chunks. But the dogs aren't fussy. To them it's all good.
9332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats will only eat this!  They have more expensive food but won't eat it.
So if you're tired of buying so-called "dog toys" that are really glorified baby toys and easily destroyed, try these. Ours have lasted for two years with hard play, only replacing the squeakers. Even better, they're usually included in the Amazon 4-for-3 promotion, so you can get one free if you buy four (smaller sizes)!  That way you can test out different designs, or save one for later. Highly recommended!

I am not sure if that means June of 2011 or June 2016.  But I put a picture of the can code in the images section.
3410	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	always trying to stay one step ahead of the summer infest has been my best bet with 22 cats . 22 flealess cats and the guests they invite over. i am the party house .even the guests get a dose so we have no unwanted company.  it works.
8919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, Fast Shipping!!
4003	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	About 2/3 the size of a regular tennis ball and durable.  Our dogs love them.
2225	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Adorable design my dogs favorite toy was a purple lambchop she carried it everywhere as a puppy. This ones like original lambchop my little Zoey loved it yesterday when i gave it to her then i woke to white fuzz all over my living room. Broke a record fastest destroyed toy for my Zoey shes not very destructive so i wouldnt suggest for heavychwers cute for the 12 hours it lasted
9070	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our hard-playing tough chewer loves it and hasn't managed to take any pieces off it yet! Will update if she does, but she's been known to destroy "high quality" toys in minutes, and it looks great!
9955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Decent price, good product, Beware of dented cans.
1083	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaids since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The hole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.

4436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Working great, so far!
2978	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dog who is an aggressive chewer recieved this for Christmas and within an hour had one of the feet pulled off. He did love it and carried it around the house squeeking its head but, within two days the squeeker in the head was pulled out. They did have the head squeeker sewed into a fabric pouch so I was able to retrive it before it was chewed/swallowed. I didn't bother to put the extra squeeker in the body. Would not recommend this toy for a dog who tears apart stuffed animals, it didn't last more than a couple days.

6889	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats are very happy!
3608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the hands down best way to clean up after your dog, and come out of it with clean hands. The double bag end is genius, and and these bags are big enough to contain even what a big dog (or several little dogs) can leave behind.  I couldn't live without them!
3670	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best bags by far to pick up dog poop.  You can't feel the warmth or squishiness and no smell
1753	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect toy for female doggie
3072	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have 5 dogs of my own and use this system to walk them all at the same time or walk any number of them. I also use it for my Australian Shepherd/Border Collie when we go on runs or when I bike and she runs, depending on how lazy I am that day! I would like to see stronger clips that can handle a dog that suddenly lunges at that squirrel or that dog. I don't recommend this system for dogs that haven't been trained to walk loose on a leash and to focus on their handler.
I gave it two stars instead of one because the charcoal filter does a good job of odor control. And another clock in the house is always handy.

90	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable.  Small, but adorable.  Can withstand outdoor weather.
8138	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This cat food is priced at a great price point. The quality of food that you're getting at this cost is almost second to none. I did a lot of research into cat foods for my furry baby, and I can confidently say that this brand is one of the best.

4875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Labs will chase the ball for hours. This saves the arm AND throws the ball further giving them more of a workout. Love it highly recommend
The other dog is a 7 yr old, 60# Border mix who was becoming lame after any exercise, even after long periods of rest. I'd use the Connectin on him as needed but he would come up lame after we stopped. So he's been on it continually and he plays hard with no restictions and hasn't been lame in a long time.
4118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more slobbery, stinky hands!!! This thing is awesome!! Launches EXTREMELY far!! My Aussie loves it! Excellent for picking the ball back up without touching it, and you won't throw out your shoulder while continuously throwing the ball!
7005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	**Scroll to bottom for 6 years of use updates**
6007	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to install and has great range. I stared with the button and the bell next to each other so Sadie could relate the pushbutton, chime (barking) and the door opening. It took 3 times for her to figure it out. Great tool for the dog that does not bark.
8013	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These dinosaur 'bones' are my dogs favorite, for some reason, out of all of the shapes she has to choose from. She is definitely a 'power chewer,' and these have 'survived' her continuous chewing for months and months...to present.
7307	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is apparently the best chew toy ever - ask the dog!!  Whenever the dog starts to look bored, I just put this by her, and she'll spend at least an hour working on it.  I am still on fence about plastic chew toys, but nothing has broken off, and I check it everyday and remove anything that I think might be harmful to her.
I would recommend these!

6003	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats were driving me near the brink of insanity with their whining for food at 5am.  As a last ditch effort, i decided to buy this automatic feeder, even though i assumed my cat would figure out a way to sabotage it.  This machine is a godsend.  My cats can't get into it, and they don't whine for their food nearly as much.  Instead, they sit patiently in front of the feeder from 5am until it goes off at 6:15.  it's just so wonderful!  If i could change it in any way, it would be to add a clock to it to set precisely when the machine goes off.  It's a little inconvenient how you have to be at the feeder when you want to change the time.  Meaning if you want to change the time from 7am to 5am, you have to be at the machine either at 5am or 5pm, since it works on a 12 or 24 hour interval.  If your cats are whiners, save yourself some suffering and buy this now!

6647	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A quality product recommended initially by my dog's vet after determining skin sensitivity to grain based dog food.  Just the right size for a saily serving of a dog in the range of 25-30 pounds.  Thanks Amazon for caring this great product.
196	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We give this book to our clients for them to get a basic understanding of clicker training so when they come to our training class they are ahead of the game.  We have gotten good feedback from them.  I add homework that I've made up straight from the book to make sure they have read it.
Regarding the pull-out, push-in center section that houses the battery and timer unit which has to be removed in order to get the ratating plastic top off and i order to wash the bottom portion or remove food that the pet didn't eat: It ain't easy! My first time trying to get it out was frustrating - it is quite securely snapped into place and I was worried I was going to break something I was pulling up so hard on it, which I finally learned to use a spoon to gently pry up each side and voila - it released from the main base.
9640	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my cats favorites,although they always eat "the gravy" first at superspeed and then the shreds. Love ordering cat food and supplies through amazon  makes it so easy as I live in a big city and walk everywhere.
2256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When my puppy spent 8 days in the animal hospital fighting for her life battling parvo a kind soul at the vets office bought her a toy like this. She was in isolation and could have very little human interaction; this was pretty much her only source of comfort and she cuddled with it. Knowing that everything from isolation would have to be thrown away I bought this so she would always feel comfortable at home. Now, even though she is a thriving and healthy puppy she still loves to cuddle with this toy and she enjoys the 5 different squeakers. She is pretty rough on toys and so far this toy has lasted.
2831	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	When they said extra small, they were not kidding.  The product was very small even for a small12 week old puppy.

6281	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little one has been limping. After being told about these I figured I would give it a try.

660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The bouncy balls I remember as a kid and the perfect balls to get the cats to come running to play.
I had seen some stuff online though at first stating that it caused their dogs to be sick and I was worried about feeding them it the first time. However, I've had no problems so I think it was just a bad batch not too long ago. They are both doing great and I think this is the best filler-less food for the price.
7987	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My crazy chewer Ridgeback mix LOVES this. He will chew on it for hours and just play with it. Throwing it up in the air and really enjoying it. Only downfall....it is LOUD when it hits a hardwood floor lol.
8499	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The photo is misleading! I thought you would be getting a pack of these and you only get one.
8445	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't anticipate that the very first ingredient in this LID "Sweet Potato and Bison" treat would be "Potatoes" , with sweet potatoes later. I suppose that's what I get for not examining dog food labels for a whole one second.  Sweet potato comes later. BTW, skins of immature potatoes are a very bad thing for dogs.

2986	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two young Siberian Huskies play with this.  My girl claims it as hers and often sleeps with it.  It fits her mouth about right, as she is on the small side for Huskies.  This is her 2nd teddy bear.  The 1st lasted about 1 year being squabbled over, pulled on, licked on, and gnawed.  It finally died when she figured out how to open the velcro opening in the back and chewed up the squeaker, the velcro, and other parts of the bear.
5705	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best little whisk I have ever used and it works on non stick pans with no fear of scratching.
82	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Light weight and quite warm.  Just right for me.
8364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat loves it.
3174	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Knocks our boys out!  It takes about 20-30 minutes to kick in but lasts all day.
7018	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I was attracted to this product because of the fresh and quality ingredients but unfortunately my dog (Jack Russell Terrier) does not like the taste of it.  She could be a picky eater sometimes and I've had a very difficult time trying to get her to eat this.
9278	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My beautiful perro loves the treat!! Do all kinds of tricks to get it.
3293	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats have fleas! Or, at least, they had fleas. I have used over-the-counter, less expensive items (flea powders, flea collars, etc.) up to and including other topical products like this one, and nothing worked. The flea collars were less than worthless - they actually caused patches of fur to fall out on at least one cat. The powder was unwieldy, and the other topical applications (save one) did not work at all.

I am VERY happy to have located them via Amazon.com -- where I should have looked in the first place.
8395	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Consistency is smooth and my kitten loves the taste.  He never leaves any food in his dish. A winner for us. We will keep buying.
1063	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Omni tray can be attached to the bottom of the Droll Yankees feeder with a pastic threaded plug (furnished) or a wing nut (not furnished). It is a simple task to complete and no tools are needed. The tray has a a number of holes around the outer perimeter of the feeder to let water drain. Having a tray means not only preventing seed from falling to the ground but also attracting birds that are too big to use the perches. The few seeds that do fall on the ground are soon consumed by doves, if they can get to them before the squirrels arrive.
5490	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	1. Throw (much) farther.
3578	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Mutt Mitts for 9 years now, originally because the town I lived in placed courtesy containers of them at popular trailheads. I later bought them direct from the manufacturer. Well worth the money; absolutely the best dog poop/ biohazard bag (dead rats etc.) I have ever used. The clever Mitt design is actually a heavy duty double-thickness section at the pick-up part of the bag; I have never punctured one even while picking up poop in rocky terrain. My dog is a German Shepherd, so I appreciate the generous size of these bags, unlike the typical pet store bags made for smaller dogs.
This product was just as it should be.
Nutro has consistently been a reliable and trustworthy company.  Way back in the 1980's I worked part-time in a pet supply store and Nutro was the premiere dog food because they had a better product. While other dog food companies could truthfully boast that they were not putting "trash" in the dry dog food, Nutro was really making a difference.
3348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Done its job. Happy with the product and shipped on time.

5119	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can definitely chuck farther and pickup the ball will less effort without getting my hands dirty.
7361	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Didn't want the frustration free packaging but got it anyways. Oh well. Other than that, the dog loves it! Also it is just really cute to be honest. I would definitely get it again
*****
3393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Persian kitty and we tried everything to get rid of his fleas. Nothing ever worked, they would hide in all his fur. Finally we broke down and bought this. We have had it for 2 months now and I haven't seen one flea since a week after we got this! Love it!!
615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this chew toy hoping to entice my birds to chew. Well...It didn`t take long. My white capped pionus munches down daily on this toy. It is wonderful. I just bought another one and placed it with my Indian ringnecks. They went for it wholeheartedly. I highly recommend this chew toy for small to medium sized parrots. They love the size of each wood block and the many colors are brilliant and attractive to birds. I will definitely be back for more.
407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a lot of ticks and this collar really works! High recommend it!
6028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pug has stink breath..  It will take your breath away...This helps and she loves them.  She does have dental cleaning but not as often as she should.  Would buy again.  Can't find them locally.  Price is high.
7437	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My puppy really enjoyed this food. However, it always gave him loose runny stools which was a pain to clean up. We even tried to mix it with dried food but his stools never improved until we stopped feeding him this.

3711	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great product!  Does the job (so to speak) - no mess,  no fuss.  We have been using Mutt Mitts for several years with our two big dogs.
9432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love them and so I love them.  Trying to eliminate chicken products due to skin problems so hopefully these will work. I love the limited ingredient products.

3921	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves it! very strong!
I do wish that it would have been shipped in a cardboard mailer. It was in a padded manilla envelope and it got bent in shipping. This left the pages a little rippled, and being a perfectionist, I don't like it. Of course, this isn't really the product's fault, but the flimsiness of the covers lends itself to damage in shipping.
8958	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy loves this food. The small bites help her to chew easily. I think it's a great deal for as much as you get.
2252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's cute. Soft only thing If ur dog chews  mine had the squeaker out in less than 5 mins
5110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love the Chuckit! I can't throw the ball even half as far without it. It seems very sturdy and though at first I felt it was a bit large, I quickly learned how to manage it. Now I take it with me to the park all the time and my dogs can't get enough of racing after the ball.
9	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Really like this CD. You can choose to repeat whatever phrase you want your bird to say. Or just play the entire CD. Wish some of the phrases provided included the word "parakeet" since it includes others such as cockatiel or parrot.
5985	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have an overweight cat on a diet and thought this bowl would control his food intake. For the first few months it worked great and was happy my cats were getting a controlled amount of food, but in no time the motor burned out. I contacted the company to see if I could get a new motor, but they do not sell them by themselves you have to buy the whole food dish. I am not buying another food dish for 40 dollars for it to break in a few months. I was hoping they would honor their satisfaction guarantee and send me a new bowl or at least motor. I will not shell out another $40 to them to have it only last a couple months. very disappointed in them!! Bad customer service!! We did have other small issues with the bowl, but still like using. Sometimes it would get stuck on food and rotate back and then should clear to be able to open and it wouldn't rotate back and cats would miss a feeding. Cats faces would be in bowl as opened and I would be afraid whiskers would get caught, but what really made me made it having the motor burn out!! It's not a cheap bowl to break so quick. Time for me to find anther brand which I hope it better.
6110	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Received earlier than expected.  Is exactly as described.  We have a 2 year old husky and a 8 year old lab (who can no longer jump into the back of our Honda). Before using it in the back of our car, we had easily acclimated the dogs to the use of this ramp by placing it off to the side and on the bottom 4 stairs (inside stairs).  I blocked the other side of the stairway with a chair (anything like that would work).  We called them up the stairs and gave them a treat.  We called them down the stairs and gave them a treat.  It was quite entertaining for them.  Sturdy. Stable.  Will help to preserve their hips and knees.
167	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	After watching a series of YouTube videos by Tim Holtz I decided to try some of his products. The price was right at Amazon. I'm not very experienced with using these yet, but so far so good!
4078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great for the big boy!
2605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mr. little 8 month old female puppy loves this toy best of all.  It's unique "oh noooo" sound is activated by pushing a spot on the tummy area and whenever she hears that she comes running ready to play.  A couple of times lately she has accidentally made its "voice" go off too which she seemed to like also.  It's good to throw holding by one arm so it does "cartwheels".  I have two dogs actually, both under 10 pounds, and sometimes the two of them both grab and arm and play tug of war after I throw it which is fun too.  It's holding up very well but nonetheless I'm getting another because she likes it so much and I don't want to be left empty-handed if the other one quits working or if it just gets too dirty.  Me and my two dogs give it a definite thumbs up.
4053	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy balls for my 12 lb. Maltipoo :)
3087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you run with your dog, or just have a dog that drives you crazy, this is an amazing product! I can now just hook our hound-mix up and barely even notice that he's there when I'm running. The leash quickly detaches from the belt, if the dog needs to go potty. Also, to keep him out of trouble when we're home, I just attach him to me with the extension, and he has to follow me wherever I go!
6692	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I could not get my new kitten to use the litter box for anything!  She kept having accidents everywhere and to the point I was ready to surrender her BUT this product was recommended to me.  I bought it and loved it!  The kitten started using the litter box and we've never had another accident from her.
6670	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My three cats were completely disinterested. Not sure if that's a product defect or what, but I don't recommend it.
6658	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this is the best puppy eat food I found. It has a lot so you will need to refrigerate the rest (depending on  the size and type of dog) I usually mix it with dry food so I don't use as much at one time. Its smells good and has great health benefits.
5702	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My fianc loves this blanket. I can find him any given night cocooned in it on the couch or in bed. Now that it is winter in NC the cocooning has increased and it is if he and the blanket have become one. He plans on purchasing another one for camping.
3436	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I feed several feral cats and bring the fleas inside to my cats.  With one treatment, no more scratching cats and no more fleas on my socks.
3832	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works well in getting those hard pet stains out of your rug before you steam clean it. I also use this as a regular treatment for when my dogs have an accident. It works as well as the Resolve Pet and Stain Remover. So since I try to steam clean my rugs once a month anyway, I now buy this instead of the Resolve product I was buying for quick clean ups.
4430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have bought about 5 of these throwers because they keep breaking, not a fault of the product our puppy is a chewer. And considering we are still going to buy these, you should know its a lifesaver.
564	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gumdrop the parakeet enjoys this perch at least as much as her Booda.  She really enjoys chewing little strips of wood off it.  It seems softer than most perches, and so easy on the feet.  Recommended.
3125	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'd previously had a Dr. Noys medium-size teddy bear to play tug-o-war with my 30 lb knee-high sheltie, and after 6 months of tug-o-war, it looked like it had open-heart surgery.  Held up quite well (looked perfect for the first 5 months), so I decided to get another Dr. Noys toy for my little girl, as she loves stuffed toys.
890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our sensitive stomached Lab mix has done well on these. I like the fact they are bone shaped, so I can shove in toys, yet soft enough that I can break them to only give him half as a treat.
623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son and he was thrilled when he saw them.  You get a bag with a mix of shark teeth and pieces and out of the bag there were a more intact shark teeth than I expected - different shapes and sizes.  This is really cool and I plan to make my son a necklace out of one of the larger teeth.
4492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes my girl happy!
We started buying in by case online because frankly, it's cheaper. If I can save $5.00 per case and have it delivered free, this is for me. Works great for Amazon Prime members.
2267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a new puppy and every time I want to buy her a toy I have to buy 3 - 1 for each of my dogs, even though one of them isn't all that interested - she sure gets interested when I give them to the other dogs.  I've bought A LOT of toys since I got the puppy in April 2015 because she loves them.  Even though she's a little yorkie poo she does a good job of destroying them.  Of all the toys I've bought, this is the one that my golden retriever and my puppy have played with the most, and it has not been destroyed since I bought it in June.
536	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this perch in medium for our new green cheek conure, not realizing quite how thick it would be. The caique they show in the picture is a bit of a larger bird with a little bigger feet, so I should have realized the size. However, I still put it in his new cage and figure that if anything, he could chew on it. He actually loves it! He's on it more than any other spot or perch in the cage, and while it's too thick for his little feet to wrap around, he enjoys running around on it and picking at the wood. He actually sleeps on it most nights. If the description for this is correct, it's made in American and made of Bottlebrush wood, which is safe for birds. The fact that it's from Florida makes me feel much better about it. It didn't have an odd smell and was perfectly clean right out of the bag, though I did still rinse it off and let it air dry before putting it in with him. We've only had it for about a week but it still looks great, even with him picking pieces off it constantly. For the price, which is pretty reasonable, this is a really great natural wood perch and I would recommend.
1222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Agree with other reviews, this product requires daily maintenance to assure smooth operation.  My elderly cat likes it, so it's worth it.
9314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	whoof
7199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best cat food on the market.  Made our cat's fur feel like a mink coat.
6115	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This ramp has good traction and can be set up easily on more than one kind of vehicle or object.
7559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are great!! I have a pit bull who is an aggressive chewer and these toys have lasted!

458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only thing that works on the bizarre critters in my wooded/lawned yard. I use one on one of the pets and it seems to keep pests away from all three pets. I picked the dog to put the collar on vs one of the two kitties because she's badly allergic to flea bites. Even though she's got stupid sensitive skin, it doesn't seem to bother her at all. I had it on for a full month and took it off easier than I thought it would come off to give her a bath.
9468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE these treats! My smaller dog has food allergies, but my big dog does not. They both prefer these to anything else I've purchased. Very pleased.
5866	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great. They are very big and hard to break for smaller dogs, but one large one for my golden every morning and she loves them

907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these, their favorite treats.
823	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great slim planner for 2016.  Unlike many other planners, this one is thin but still has the perfect layout to include everything you need.  The monthly "at-a-glace" pages give you a great way to view your schedule over the short term to really avoid conflicts.  And also included are standard time zone maps and holiday pages.
3761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	NOTE: the company website makes a point of saying that because these bags are degradable, you should plan to use them within a year of purchase. Consider that before you buy a huge box of them.
The Fiesta is perfect. He's spent a week with his back to it ignoring it, a few more days growling at it and when I came down this morning it had chunks missing and he is stalking it. This for him means he's loving life.

5261	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuckits are great.  Now I can tire my Lab out before she tires me out.  This size also works great with tennis balls.
686	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great to play with at the beach. Got lots of comments on the whistle ... I don't know how you could miss the whistle if you have ears that work. I may have to buy a replacement. Perfect, simple gift for Christmas. Note to self ... Buy one for 6 year old nephew!
The price on the large cans is excellent for a high end cat food.  I'd love it if I could get it at a grocery store price, but I can't reasonably expect that.
I would definitely recommend this product
5239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with this launcher! I do wish they made one with a longer handle though! My puppy has a ton of energy and I would love to be able to throw even farther.
7906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price if you subscribe.
8823	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Just so-so - but probably my dog - he doesn't really chew on it. It's at the bottom of the dog toy basket.

1655	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	im so obsessed with this carrier. its so sturdy and has a one year warranty ! it fits my 18 pound dachshund and he absolutely loves it, along with my 7 pound dachshund. this carrier is high quality and i will be buying from the company again. more than happy with this product !
7378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've gotten this wet food for my babies since I fostered them and continued when I decided to adopt them, and since their fur is much smoother, softer, and has no more dandruff. I also combine the wet food with Wellness Kitten Core Dry food, and between the two, my babies are super healthy looking and feeling, according to the vet.
3140	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and pleased with the expeditious shipping. Would recommend to other dog owners...
9777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my puppies love  science diet. It's canned food made to order for dogs with sensitive digestive and instetinal system. Super won't change it unless the doggies ask for that.
5192	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It is very reliable durable product.  It throws the ball very far.  If  should lasts decades if the family dog does not chew it. I don't let her chew it.

1028	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've used this in my Toyota Camry Hybrid and charged my iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung S2  at the same time.  I never encountered any errors and my phones were all charging like normal.  I like that it has a blue led when you plug it in to show that it is on.  The 3 outlet design is convenient because I can charge my phone and my wife's, plus a passenger if need be.
4022	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Like other reviewers mentioned, I found these balls to be little less durable than I would have expected. That being said, I think they would work well as strictly a fetch toy. But if you have the type of dog who likes to lay down with his toy after a game of fetch and chew on the ball, then this may not be the best option.
5411	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Small, useful, fun, easy... it is the size I would recommend.  You don't need to throw the ball that far so this is perfect!
6592	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm an avid customer of Friskies pate:  HOWEVER:  My cat has projectile vomiting traced responsibly to the Salmon Dinner!  I've researched and found data supporting the fact that fish is contraindicated in many cats!  He's in excellent condition otherwise...and doesn't seem to experience the same results in the ocean whitefish...but I'm sticking to the non fish varieties after cleaning up too many messes!
8971	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy my cats love it.
5758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are adorable, and a change from yellow corn holders. I tried some other shapes (cows as an example) but they got stuck during corn rotation when applying butter in a corn holder. These do not get stuck, and my kids enjoyed them. They are easy to clean, and are only sharp where the tines secure the corn. These seem to be dishwasher safe, are well made, and comfortable to hold.
9423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food! I mix a little in with her dry food and she eats it right up!

324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE 12/7/17: Despite complaints from others that the harness starts fraying, mine hasn't. Of course, being white, it needs frequent washing because the wood floors at my office are always dirty from the foot traffic in and out from our warehouse.  I want to buy another one so that Harley has a spare to wear while one is being washed. (I usually have to wait several days to pile up enough bleachable whites to make a small load.  Also, he seems perfectly comfortable wearing it all day (as my semi-retired service dog, he has had years of wearing a  vest backpack; I'm sure that the harness is more comfortable.

8565	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Same as with other pet food cans.  Some were damaged and leaked on the others.  A real mess.
7703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Never would have thought the dogs would love this but someone purchased one as a donation for the foster dogs in our rescue around Christmas when they came in green and red. This is paws down every dogs favorite thing to chew on. It is carried outside, it is washed in washing machine, and they still love it! Great for nervous chewers and don't have to worry about choking on pieces chewed off. We keep these on hand and even have them on our rescue groups wishlist!
1944	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The large one so cheap is so sweet but it did tear across the back seam fast. Nothing a that can't be hand repaired but that is why only four stars.
6272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	SO much better than clay litter. The dust is very minimal, which makes it less aggravating to clean the box (and also helped clear up some of my cat's allergies). It lasts the same amount of time, and the cats adjusted fine to it. It doesn't smell anymore than clay litter does--aka you need to clean the box regularly, but it won't stink up your whole house.
I used to load the litter pan with a couple of inches of litter. The
1579	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them and even though they're made in China, appear to be of good quality or at least I've never had a problem with them. But here again they are made in China, which always makes me a little nervous.

6880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It would be nice if the blower thing was attached to the cap so I didn't have to stick my fingers in the soap all the time. But it's great otherwise. My cats love it.
33	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	How can you miss with Cesar Milan? He's the best Dog Whisperer!!!
9321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this thing. Through some peanut butter in there and it keeps them busy! Great for their teeth with the grooves.
3839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Bissell Spotbot Pet Deep Cleaner, which is fantastic.  However, there are times when I am looking to clean just a small area and don't want to have to pull out the Spotbot, fill it, etc.
4939	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this toy for my dogs. I can use this with my hand/wrist that is healing from having surgery.
Recommended.
8240	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats do like this food  and it seems to be good for them.
4413	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Way too small for a Boxer
5412	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	SAVES A LOT OF WEAR AND TEAR ON YOUR ARM, PLUS GIVES YOUR PUP A GOOD WORK OUT. THE ONLY THING IT'S NOT NEARLY AS 'STURDY' AS THE OLD ONE I HAD, A BIT MORE DELICATE.
877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this food and it is so good for him. DOesn't have that bad of a smell. I have been putting a little of a couple other dog foods im his bowl with this one and he always eats this one and leaves the other. He is a picky eater:}
8394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the best foods for your cat hands down.  You can't beat the price.  If you go to Petco or Pet Smart, you will pay abut $3.39 a can depending on what flavor, this only works out to be about $2.29 a can, so a big savings.
2491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves all things that squeak. This toy is especially entertaining bc when it says "oh no!" my dog brings it to me to "fix". It's funny to watch and the dog has a good time tossing Mr Bill around. It's surprisingly durable (it's still around and it's been about a month). Good fun!
I don't like how easily the Velcro backing for the squeaker opens. My dog has almost gotten it open a couple of times since we received it, two days ago.
1950	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Two little Lambchops are better than one 24" one.  Poor pup couldn't wrap his mouth around the 24" body to make it squeak.  The little Lambchop has a plethora of squeakers.  What joy!



95	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	worked great and even better then ones that came with Grill
This is s a supplement so he gets one small spoon full twice a day
423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have three small dogs and one large dog, and this makes the third time Ive ordered a Seresto collar for them to protect them from fleas and ticks.  These collars really work!  In the 2 1/2 years weve been using these collars we have not seen the first flea or tick on ANY of our dogs.  We have a grandbaby that is now crawling around our house and its even more important now than its ever been, if I didn't know for certain that these collars were great I wouldnt take the chance.  They have no odor to them, they're not greasy, they don't irritate my pets skin or fur.  And I can put them on and forget about them for the full eight months.  And they do truly last the full eight months.. Ive replaced these exactly on the eight month anniversary each time and they're still working great every time.. Ill be back in eight more months to buy again!
9056	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Again, like the Hunter's Stew with duck, only the starving outside strays will eat this
6288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	this is ok for a temporary litter but not for full time unless you like the smell of urine and feces and no clumping and money is no object.
3759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are wonderful. You don't see the mess. It's the right size for a little dog and there is room to spare. There is no smell during a walk and it's strong enough to do the job. It has made cleanup a breeze.
2208	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog loves the OHH NOO but the toy is poorly made the sounds breaks easily and can't be replaced. Not well made and a waste of money.
Cons:
3525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great and heavy weight plastic.  I didn't realize they were white but nothing escapes these bags and they are completely opaque - so no visuals!!
2402	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Hardly a dog toy, it broke the first day and had I realized how big the voice box was i wouldn't have purchased.

Chuckit! Medium Evader Dog Ball
7962	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	cat will not eat it
9354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought the 33lb bag for our MaltiPoo puppy because the breeder recommended it!
5656	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item for us especially because our dog park has no grass, only dirt, and the combination of slobber and dirt creates a disgusting ball pretty quickly. Using my chuckit, I don't have to touch the ball and I can throw it way farther than I can just by throwing.
9340	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great nutrition for my cats. They have sensitive stomachs and it doesn't make them vomit
1772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great lambchop dog toy. Several speakers. My dog's favorite toy. Loves to chase it and shake it. Squeaks it himself. Great quality! Thank you!
4325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this !!!
2878	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't last 5 minutes, our dog had it torn apart and spread out in record time. Had high hopes it could withstand his single minded attack at the squeaker. Alas it didn't hold up and is now in the trash.
8793	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great long lasting chew for modest chewers
7774	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased one of these dinos for my Chi on recommendation from his "teacher" at the doggy school where he attends activity classes.  My dog is a heavy chewer and he manages to destroy most rubbery toys many of which claim to last forever but don't.  This product is rock hard and while the dog was having a good go at it, a huge chunk splintered off and when I was about the take it away from him I found smaller pieces lying on the carpet.  I threw it out!  Maybe I got a dud but from other reviews here I assume this toy is just not good quality and would not recommend it to other dog owners :(

This exact dog food contains mostly chicken and rice, which are food products, which is worth adding one star right there.
339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this harness for my 10 pound, very small mini schnauzer.  She is very cute, but not friendly to strangers, and I wanted a way of warning people not to not just reach down and pet her.  This harness seems to do the trick, even if they do think it is a joke.  It fits her very comfortably, and doesn't rub anywhere, and sometimes she just wears it around.  I keep it somewhat loose because of her longer fur on the bottom, but she hasn't managed to slip it, and believe me when she sees a rabbit she tries.
9720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is our cats' go-to food -- one Savannah and one Calico.  They have three varieties of dry food available at all times and also get wet food for breakfast and dinner, but they love their Pro Plan.
To start with, the bubbles have a scent a very strong scent, it reminded me of tea.  The bubble solution is green in color, there is nothing on the label to tell me what is all in these bubbles except to say "Super Concentrated with Natural Catnip Extract" aside from that it could just be water in the bottle...in fact I think it is because these darn things don't work!  Directions say to dip want into bottle, stir gently, remove wand and blow.  Ok, I did that about 200 times and managed to make a dozen bubbles that DIDN'T pop in my face.  I sat there trying to blow bubbles for my 3 cats as they watched me waiting to see what would happen.  One walked away out of boredom, a few minutes later so did another.  The only one that waited to see what was going on was the youngest and most curious and even she was yawning from boredom.  Nothing seemed to make these bubbles fun and it certainly was not fun for me either.  Where is the "fun to swat and play" action?  Bubbles shouldn't be this difficult, toddlers can blow bubbles!  These bubbles are BROKEN.  Period.  Something is wrong with the formula or the batch or the wand or just the product as a whole.
6966	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well, the cats love it really.  They also love the mouse-head shapes.  We mix different types of food together so that if anything is ever discontinued, switching over won't cause a lot of stomach upset.  These pieces always get eaten first.
6219	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cat and both dogs like it.
9572	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves it!!!
It came with one tennis ball that the package says was made in China.
I love everything about it but I'm going to focus on just the fact that this product would be great for the elderly, those w certain disabilities, what have you, because one needs to use very, very little strength and the ball will travel AT LEAST 50 feet (so yes, on the flip side, if you use a LOT of strength, the ball will travel very far distances); also, you needn't bend all the way over to pick up the ball- in fact, if you're on the short side, like me, you hardly need to bend over at all! lol- so it's easier on the back or for those who are less flexible as well. In fact, you can even remain seated majority of the time while playing with this, especially if you've trained your dog to bring the ball right back to you.
5304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dog approves! The ball this came with didn't last very long, but luckily it works with regular tennis balls.

7210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat loves it so he will be getting this every day and I will be buying it from amazon
7228	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitty loves it.
3908	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A must have with the chuck it thrower!  Extra balls for your go fetch critter is always appropriate!  10 Stars!
1280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My setter just loves this ball.  Unfortunately she was able to tear into it and now it's lost one of it's "voices".  But she still plays with it.
1486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Fast shipping.  Great value.  My dog is not crazy about this new formula.  Don't know if it is the taste or smell.  Wish they would go back to the old formula.  Still works great.  Thank you.
4112	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	dogs love them.  takes them FOREVER to chew through them (a regular tennis ball is destroyed in an afternoon)
589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My TAG loves this, and it is nearly the perfect toy for her. Why 4 stars, then instead of 5? Because I have to restring it on vegetable tanned leather. It only takes her, literally, 3 seconds to snip the twine that this is strung on, thus causing the entire toy to plummet to the bottom of her cage. Really needs to be strung with leather. Other than that, great toy.

6321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it!
3254	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The title says it all - every single one of my dogs, from 19 to 88 pounds each, all rejected these calming "treats." Pretty funny, actually, to watch them spit out food when normally they're quite enthusiastic about anything given to them by hand!
8491	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My koi love this stuff! I really don't notice any change in their color, but they eat every piece in minutes.
6860	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My god likes it! thats all it matters!
5525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cheap nice and works with old tennis balls you might have lying around.  MY LAB GOES INSANE when I pick it up... you should too... and remember if you loose the included balls - a regular tennis ball fits and works great... NICE IDEA GREAT FOLLOW THROUGH - THANKS!
1319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This stuff works great and it's all natural.. But - I spilled it everywhere trying to get it in my poor dogs ear. If she wasn't so obedient she would've been all over the place as soon as I started spilling. Fix the bottle please, at the rate it's going I'm not going to have any left and I just bought it.. Plus I feel like I might be getting a bit too much in her ears, not that it does anything, its just wasteful.
boxes myself, it's a joy to own something that brings the process into the 21st Century.

5797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love this ice chest! It holds snacks, sodas, and ice for a canoe trip or a picnic. Easy to transport and weighs nothing when empty. It doesn't leak and it a good size. I own this one and a smaller personal one and a larger one, it's a nice medium size. The only thing is I wish it came in a lighter color so it doesn't absorb all the heat from the sun.
1595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I traveled with my 16 lb Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.  She fit very well under the seat in front of me.  She was asleep before we left the gate, and remained comfortable throughout the flight.  The case is very easy to carry on shoulder or with handles looped over rolling bag (travel partner's carry-on).  Very sturdy construction, I expect it to last for many happy trips!
 * As a side note... My dog is hard on balls and the solid Chuck-it Ultra-ball stands up best to his rough play and chewing, also there is no fuzz like the standard tennis balls on the Ultra ball which is a huge advantage in the humid dew covered mornings of the North East. As far as I am concerned the Ultra Balls are worth the $.
3078	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm glad I bought this, if only for the ability to drop the leash from my hand sometime and still know the dog can only wander off but so far. That said, there is one issue with this leash that causes me to short it on perfection. The leash rotates to far around the belt (as in all the way around) that it makes it hard to train the dog to remain on one side of me (as recommended in dog obedience). Therefore I wind up holding the leash with my hand most of the time. And because the actual loop is on my waist, not in my hand, it isn't the easiest thing to do when the dog starts pulling.
This ramp is superior in every way to another ramp I have.  (The other ramp I have is the Solvit 62337 - it has a sandpaper type finish that is hard to get up if the incline is too steep... say, in a standard SUV.  My dog also FELL off of it NUMEROUS times, hence why I purchased this one).
178	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	awaiting return label which u never sent

6198	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Most commercial hamster/gerbil food is designed for HAMSTERS...and will contain a mix of sunflower seeds, peanuts...millet...oats...etc.  Your gerbils have an instinct to gorge on high fat foods and will eat out all of the sunflower seeds, peanuts...and high-fat seeds first...and will only eat the millet, oats and green pellets when everything better is gone. If you feed your gerbils "hamster food" daily...you'll soon have plump gerbils.
5297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My lab loves this.  When I get it out and my Lab sees it he goes crazy.  It really goes a long way and arm doesn't get tired
I've even used this outside with some feral kittens once they've become accustomed to me and playing chase and catch with wand toys first (only because the ball in the track is a sound that will startle them if you don't already have their trust).  But once they get the hang of it, they really love it!
6500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog gives this food 5 stars. I can't really speak on the flavor but my girl seems to love it. I use this as a supplement to my dog's dry food.
688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used to play with this type of football with my dad all the time as a kid. I loved how far it would fly and the way the whistle sounded as it went; it was always my goal to make it whistle as much as it did when my dad threw it! So, if you are planning on using this in a conventional way (with humans), it's great fun and I highly recommend it.
4871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
1714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easily destroyed, gotta monitor while playing. But he loves it!
5236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	as described
3529	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are fantastic, nice and heavy where they need to be, where the rubber meets the @?#$?>%!!!!  Just wish they were a little more affordable, but will definitely buy again!!!
108	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got the  pink ones and love 'em.
I spend $16 instead of $300, but I couldn't have done it without these pills. I won't hesitate to use this product again; I highly recommend it.

Scoopable litter + three cats previously meant 2-3 times a day  scooping the litterbox. One LitterMate + three cats = 2-3 times a week tray dumping.  The trays are easily reused, making them more economical.
7752	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Shiba Inu was tested and found to be allergic to a number of environmental allergens - the vet recommended he also be put on a hypoallergenic dry dog food but despite its' high cost, my dog would smell his food and walk away.  So, in desperation, I ordered a duck and potato canned dog food - at first, when I added it to his dry dog food, he would eat his food but by the time he had gone through a couple of cans, he started to ignore his food again.  So when I looked on Amazon, I found this Wellness brand and decided to give it a try.  The shipment arrived yesterday so I opened a can and of course, my dog came over to check it out.  This one is very wet and dark in color (compared to the other canned dog food which seemed to have a lot of potato).  It smelled OK and my dog agreed because he waited until I prepared his dinner and ate it all.  Will have to see if he still wants to eat this in a few weeks.
8103	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Good food. Love dimond naturals. This bag was almost 2 weeks late. Beware of this buyer.
I and the kids highly recommend this product.
1792	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Delightful design and a great value. I just keep buying them and buying them for my squeaker-seeking, de-fluffing pup. There are multiple squeakers: body and feet.
6280	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Everyone should give this to their pet!!!! Works way better than other supplements, plus more natural I believe!
9203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good
The idea is simple.  You figure out your calorie level.  You then compare your calorie level to a chart that tells you how many of each color container you can have in a day.  For instance I can have 7 green containers (vegetables), five blue (fruit), six orange (protein), five yellow (carbs), one purple (fats), one dark orange (seeds) and seven grays (oils).  By the way, everyone can only have one purple which is fats.  They even have a list of each type of food and what foods are best to eat within that food category.  I don't know if I could stick to this list of foods and hope it is just a recommendation.
7057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Larger than I thought it would be! Comes in various colors. My cat loves it.
9558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My senior cat likes the classic style of Friskies best; this item gives the best value per can. I only wish there were a different combination, not including salmon, but if I wait long enough, the cats forget they don't like the fish!  They go back to eating it.

5576	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It took me a while to jump on the Chuckit! band wagon, however I'm SO glad I finally did!!  As a female who throws like a "girl", this product has enabled me to play fetch at long distances with my hyper yellow lab. Not only that, it's great not having to handle a slobbery ball, e[...]
A lot of the reviewers have covered almost every aspects, I just want to include a few points from my views from the shows.
8738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy was sick for a while and had to be on wet food. She really enjoyed this and it kept her very healthy. She has grown up nicely on it and I would recommend it to anyone who need a wholesome wet food.
1560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since starting this product 3 weeks ago, my extremely arthritic german shepherd/collie mutt has been able to resume her favorite pastimes of counter surfing and knocking the trashcan off the table so that she may snuffle around for snacks at her leisure. Also, the other day she jumped over a foot high fence around the garden - that has been able to keep her out because I've never seen her jump in 5 years. Both of these activities are a foot above her head and require the use of her "bad" back legs. It's been a year of trying to find a supplement her stomach can handle, with no incidences. Well, it's back to padlocks and impenetrable safe boxes. Thanks Halo for helping my pound dog be herself again.

Let the CATS decide if they want to eat veggies in their food. It's their choice. The cats we have are domesticated cats, not wild cats that hunt for their food. Domestic cats do not "know" their ancestors were meat only eaters.
6018	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love these
1589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Ragdolls seem to like it and it keeps their hairballs to a minimum, so I am happy.  I will continue to purchase this product, perhaps in different flavors, but in this type and brand.  My breeder recommends it, my veterinarian recommends it and so do I !!!!
2360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy. Quick shipment.
4719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of the best fetch toys out there for the following reasons:

I am very happy with the product, and have every intention of replacing it!
Having gone through multiple phones over the years, I finally got to the point where that old charger didn't charge fast enough to any of the devices my household had (iPads, iPhones, Samsung Galaxy phones, etc).  Plus because of low 0.5 amp charging capability, it didn't charge at all when I had more than 1 device connected to the charger.

I hope this helps.

2846	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	doxie approved
7557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 1 yr old puppy loves her dinasors! Long lasting and doesn't break off. Easy to wash up after she's been sitting in the dirt chewing away too.
As a side note - I overheard my vet telling a client that the flea bombs are worthless and not to use them as they do not actually get into the cracks and crevices where fleas and their eggs hide.
- Exercises your dog without you running out of breath
4067	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	No lasting power at all, each ball destroyed after first use.
2275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Daisy loves her Lamby


5169	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it goes really far if wanted to
7155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great
6383	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good product might purchase again.
The scent isn't gross like some brands so you can keep it stored in the house.  Cats don't seem to like so they won't get into it (they usually try).  I like the composition as my vet had actually recommended I make chicken and rice fresh for my dogs (but I don't have the time). Without corn, this keeps them from itching.
2582	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very well Made, it is my dog Cooper's favorite toy.
These are perfect for small dogs but medium/large dogs might need something stronger.
12	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	finish reading this book in 2 days. this book covers pretty much everything from the caring to selection of tridacnid clams. i hv 5 clams in my reef tank. this book has really taught me a lot of things i hv overlooked such as feeding. i highly recommend this book.
5389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As a gay man who has been cursed with the sterotypical inability to throw a ball, this is a true turning point for play fetch with my dog.  We both love it!  (Just hang in there like the package says, it takes about 30 throws to get down right.)


It came with a fuzzy tennis ball which I eventually replaced with a Chuck glow ball.  This rubber ball is much better then any tennis ball and glows in the dark so I can use it at night.
5286	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Does the job to launch tennis balls, my puppy loved it.
9398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Daisy Dog told me to give this Kong 5 stars! She loves it! (Especially with treats inside!) She is a Boxer-Pit. Toys usually don't stand up to the "Daisy-Test". But this Kong certainly does!
These came on add-on super deal, GIANT TENNIS BALLS (I think chuckit makes great dog toys all in all).\
697	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.
7757	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food has a lot of vitamins and our baby loves it. When I open each can it smells really good. The food is soft and easy to handle. Great, healthy choice for any puppy. The cans are small enough even for our 3lb baby so she has her food fresh all the time.
6555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the cat box and it works ok. It works much better for our indoor bunny litter box though. I'd say better than the litter that is advertised for bunnies. I change the box completely once a week, and just dump it straight onto the garden/compost.
5131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	New length did take a few minutes to get used to but I love the longer stick.
HOWEVER - I found a great alternative use!  We get a lot of uninvited four legged critters that move into our attic and garage in the fall.  Despite all attempts to seal them out, mice still come in.  These bags are PERFECT for disposing of full mouse traps, they are just the right size and the thick plastic and double bottom mean the trap's copper bar won't poke through.  I think it is much more sanitary and Eco-friendly than using several used grocery bags per body.  I just drop them in a Mutt Mitt, tie it off and drop it in the trash.
8106	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	These are just okay and the one Nylabone Chew toy I will most likely NOT purchase again.  Although my dogs loved these, as they chew on them they get very sharp edges.  And when you are walking through the house barefoot in the dark and step on one...IT HURTS!!  Also, these are small so don't buy them for your big dogs.  I bought one for my 20lb miniature poodle and it was just the right size for him.
7297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Aussie and mini Aussie love these.  Seem to last a long time and when I see a little wear and tear, I dispose of them and give them new ones.  Good for their teeth and gums, and a great price point.
4642	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the short ball launcher.  Just wish it came with a rubber ball instead of the tennis type ball.  The chuckit Tennis balls do not last long. I love Chuckit  rubber balls for my girls.  They get lost before they break.
5575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nothing can beat a chuckit in quality and ease. The balls fit perfectly. I'd highly recommend the rebound blue rubber balls. Enjoy!
It's not so bad in the winter and fall - I used the sticks when starting a fire.
9972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Durable for heavy chewer
7464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a very, very old cat who doesn't gain weight and is very picky.  He loves this, but the price has gone up quite a bit so I will just get it at Walmart.

2750	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two shih tzu's love this.  We put their toys up and that's the one they grab.  It's soft and they play tug a war with it.  Will definitely order more.
6830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always keep these on hand for our cat.  She is large recuse cat we took in two years ago.... -but now she weighs 14 lbs.!  We now are putting a scoop of the canned food in her dry Purina Cat Food.  She is a really big Purina Fan!
I will continue to give this as the benefits are huge for her.
2407	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I think I like it more than my dog does. Of course, I understand the reference and she doesn't, but honestly, the noise freaks her out. I guess I'll have to find another dog to gift this to.
(Non finicky cats won't care. They'll eat anything.
5980	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The Automatic Pet dish is a great thing to help out when you are away from home for a day or so.  It is well made.
They absolutely LOVE this Wellness!
4797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our mini Labradoodle loves this and he didn't even know how to fetch when we first started using it.
Has a couple squeaker's - so if that drives you crazy you may want to consider something different.
6177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works really, really well!!  just takes the stupid bug right off of the dog or human, with ease.  Great product
8360	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This dog food has all the ingredients you don't want in a dog food - corn, by-products, etc.  For about the same price, Diamond has their Naturals line that is MUCH BETTER in terms of quality.  Diamond Naturals Puppy food doesn't have corn or by-products.
Then I found this in Amazon and was surpised that the price was very reasonable (except with shipping).
7144	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought for big girls but puppies were interested in it!
837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy this monthly planner annually for my elderly mom that likes to write her appointments down rather than put them on a computer or phone.  The bungee cord has a good amount of tension that keeps the planner closed.  The boxes for each of the 30/31 days are approximately 2x2 inches - which is a nice size for writing while giving the user the whole month to view on a centerfold (two pages).  All in all, very pleased with this planner.
3703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried lots of the others and they all didn't work as well picking up the waste of a 100lb dog. This gets the dirty job done.
Chicken broth, Chicken, Chicken Liver, Beef Liver -
1871	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My dogs had this destroyed in just a couple minutes flat.
9934	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Two cats and they go wild for this toy. The ball won't jump out of the track like a lot of other toys, which is nice. You can sprinkle catnip on the cardboard scratcher for a bonus treat. It can be a bit loud, and caught me off guard when I heard it one night, but they love it and still use it regularly months after purchase.

3213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These tablet have been a lifesaver for my Chihuahua during thunderstorms. They take about an hour to kick in and usually last about 8 to 10 hours.


5051	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I got it so I didn't have to pick up the wet and slimy tennis balls with my hands. Can throw it pretty far too. Dog loves it! Shipped fast too with prime!
3680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These bags are worth the money......the big difference is that if you have to carry the bag for a while it's no big deal.  The odor stays in the bag.....not so with the single ply!
May 30, 2013--Jax is now 19 months old and 145lbs and still hasn't jerked me off my feet.  Still 5 stars.  :)
They think the litter is for digging. I have other things for them to dig in, but they continue sleep in the litter pan and poop/pee next to it. *sigh

1329	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Having had a larger Wiggly Giggly ball in the past I was happy to order this smaller version for my new doggy pals. What arrived did not meet expectations. Absolute dud. Did not roll and make the sounds as the larger one I had in the past did. I am suspecting that this may be an imitation of the original.
Also be aware that the ramp smells.  It is clearly off-gassing.  So when i got it,  i have set it outside to air it out for several days.  You would have this same need for any ramps with carpet which is full of VOCs.

6189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cats have had a rough spring so far due to numerous ticks in our yard.  This product is simple to use and usually the tick comes right off.  I have had a few that didn't but I think that was due to my cat squirming to get away.


8640	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog doesn't like it.
9189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Koi ADORE this food, and it is indeed keeping the pond clear. I've been feeding them twice a day, and they get VERY excited when they see me -- I stand by the pond until they're done, and we enjoy each other. I think. I hope! ;)
622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Lots of pieces along with the teeth but the teeth that are in the bag are nice.

7446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My boy loves his dinosaur. Noticed that it lost shape quickly from all his chewing. You might want to be careful of small pieces chipping off, but otherwise, I have no complaints.
7038	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One cat is annoyed by the bubbles and runs away. But the other kitty loves them and screams (in joy). I had used a different brand before, and when they popped, they seemed to burn her eyes. This despite the bottle saying they were specially designed for cats.

1722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves it
3275	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my little Cocker when she picked up tape worms from getting fleas from the out door kitties.  They were small enough to make a little pocket in a chunk of cheese and insert the tablet. She didn't even know she had been given a tablet.  The bottle was enough to give her a repeat worming at the appropriate time to make sure the parasites were eliminated.
1420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The optical audio that came with my Astro A50s broke and I was left without audio on my Xbox One! after a few minutes on Amazon this had been ordered and was on the way almost immediately! This cable is cheap and works great!
2756	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Another toy for the baby... Gotta love 'em. He loves it.  (:

9984	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hands down the best commercial food available for growing French Bulldog puppies like mine.  Their growth spurt between 2-6 months requires full nutrition and palatable taste.  She gets that with this food.
8671	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these.  We buy more every few months.
Solid Gold:
4816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If your dog likes to fetch and you don't have one of these yet....GET ONE. Best invention ever. Not only can you throw a ball out of the dog park if you sling too hard (it's amazing) but you don't have to touch the slimy ball when they bring it back. As soon as they drop it, just pop it over the ball and huck away. I LOVE this thing.
36	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	gives me ideas on how and why dogs act like they do.
1506	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog is a picky eater and she seems to like this dog food. It has a milder smell and more pleasant to me that is not as pungent as her regular grain-free food from Natural Balance. The circular kibbles are small and of a nice size for my small dog to eat. The first two listed ingredients are lamb and chicken meal, followed by chickpeas and split peas, which appear to be the good source of the 32% high protein content. Furthermore, I like that it has no grain, corn or wheat fillers, which don't fill her up are just gonna make her poop more.

6105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have tried and tried to get my Saint to use a ramp for years but he hates them.  He either runs around it or just stares at it then runs away.  I read another person said it may be the material that is on the walkway of the ramp.  The other ramps I have purchased before have a sort of sandpaper on the walkway....so I thought I would try this ramp that has a rubber material on the walkway.  Sure enough!!!...HE LIKES IT!!  He has NEVER gone up or down a ramp.....and with this one we had very little trouble getting him used to it.  I did also follow the advice of another purchaser that said to "work with the dog with the ramp on the ground then elevate it a bit and so on".....so I did this....but only a couple of times.  My Saint had no issue going up the ramp in my truck.  I would NOT BELIEVE IT!!  He has been diagnosed with the first stages of hip dysplasia and does not like stairs so FINALLY a RAMP that works!!!  The last ramp I purchased also was flimsy and the sandpaper tore off the first time my other Saint ran up it.

1186	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	If you own a littermaid self cleaning litter box you have no choice but to buy these receptacles.  I agree they are flimsy and not worth the cost but the company apparently doesn't pay any attention to customer feedback. If I wanted to spend quality time with my cat litter wrapping bags around the box, I would have an $8.00 litterbox and scoop it myself. I agree the manufacturer should be ashamed of this product.
2856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	perfect for tiny dogs
1480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I buy this monthly planner annually for my elderly mom that likes to write her appointments down rather than put them on a computer or phone.  The bungee cord has a good amount of tension that keeps the planner closed.  The boxes for each of the 30/31 days are approximately 2x2 inches - which is a nice size for writing while giving the user the whole month to view on a centerfold (two pages).  All in all, very pleased with this planner.
4313	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a dog that could play fetch for hours, so this comes in handy. It fits regular sized tennis balls, so its worth the investment.
4609	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this chuckit after reading the description presuming the medium ultra balls would fit but they did not.  The launcher is a bit more flimsy than the current chuckit we use to play fetch.
Not sure why that is, but he's pretty strict about it. The launcher however is a blessing and an arm
3272	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this for my cats to try after a recent flea incident in the house.  I tried to mix the suspension with their food (I tried dry food and wet treats)... they sniffed it and walked away.  I then followed the instructions and had to hold the cat and squirt the suspension into their mouth.  It was messy, they hated it.. and I felt horrible trying to get them to take all of it.  I'm sticking with Frontline Plus...much easier for my cats.
3925	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've owned a Chuckit! for over three years, and I can't imagine owning a dog without owning one.  They are durable, inexpensive, and a great aid to throwing balls, especially for we women who don't have the upper arm strength of you men.  They also allow me to pick up the ball (any standard tennis ball will fit, though it comes with a two toned ball) and throw it again without bending over, and you need not touch a slobbery, muddy, grass covered wet ball. I can throw a ball at least 3-4 times farther with the Chuckit! than without one.  They are very common among local dog owners, and the dogs love them.  Treat yourself and your four legged loyal friend to this great toy.  I only wish I had invented it!
6884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 20 year old cats love this food. Keeps them healthy and easy to chew. Great product.......
2596	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seriously.  She was my Maltese puppy's first stuffed plush toy and is his favorite.  I got Lambchop because I thought she might remind him of his litter mates and he has loved her from the very beginning.  If you see him without Lambchop in sight, all you have to do is ask him where Lambchop is and he will go running to find and bring her back.
- every couple of months, scrape the rake tines clean with an old butter knife to keep from building up residue.
9636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price on this and my KOI have lived off this for years and are huge now.  I pay more in the stores around here for the 1 lb bag.

3630	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	LOVE these bags!  Anyone that we have known that has gotten a dog we have purchased these as a gift for them. Once they use them they never go back to the thin cheap bags.  Cool design to hang up the box too.
7224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love the flavor and eat it eagerly. Coats shiny and soft. Beautiful athletic

7871	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE these! It feels good to give them treats that are good for them.
2662	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	POOR QUALITY COMING FROM KONG.
835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is pretty much your average month-at-a-glance planner, but it has the added benefit of a sleek, slim, and sturdy matte covering. I'm also digging the closure band. A three-year calendar and holiday list are handy, as are the month thumb-tabs, and there are plenty of pages for notes and contacts. I'm pleased with it.
3728	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I use these primarily to clean my backyard (3 dogs).  As such, I'm usually picking up multiple... well you know... at one time.  The double thickness of bag makes it more durable and prevents unpleasant rips or punctures.  However, the design isn't great.  I've found that the end gets a bit crumpled, and it would be better suited if it was designed like an actual "mitt" with a separate thumb cavity so that you could get a better grip, etc.  Otherwise, I've been very happy with them.
3430	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you want a flea treatment for your Feline friends, then this is the only product I have used for the last 6 weeks.
8151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these
5097	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is good for your decent size backyard. For parks I would recommend the larger one. Easy for adults to use. Any ages under 10 and they may have problems getting the ball out when throwing.

6460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Wonderful Price for such a large bag AND FREE shipping! This is the perfect product for potty training bunnies. Bunnies cannot use cat litter of any kind, especially the clumping type because it gets inside their urinary system and creates some pretty serious problems. This product was suggested by my exotic veterinarian years ago for my bunnies. The only thing I was a little disappointed with, was that the "Fresh Scent" is smells like floral female perfume to me. I am a strong believer in not using perfumes because they are usually loaded with toxins of some sort. If you just clean up after your animal daily, smell will never be an issue. I put my rabbit in the box directly on the product and she did "taste", not eat, the product several times because it does look similar to her pellets. She figured out it is not food and stopped so I am happy about that. I would love to find out if this company makes a non scented identical product. I will be purchasing this product again. I am giving 4 stars because of my personal belief in keeping things more natural, especially if you are using recycled material.
3057	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great concept and convenient.  Would not recommend for strong dogs that are not well trained but very nice for service dogs and dogs you leash only because of leash laws

For now, I've been mixing the old and new together...hoping  to slowly get her used to it that way. She eats it slowly. Very slowly. If I switch to just a small bit of the old formula alone? It's gone in seconds flat!
6319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Repeat purchase. We have 5 dogs and they all think these are treats. Once they finish their breakfast, they all come over to me for their "treat".
I'm giving this four stars simply because the liquid "may cause stains" on carpet. So you might want to do a test swatch if you have really delicate fabrics. If your 'nip loving cat startles easily and doesn't like water (not that bubbles popping really is that bad?) then it's probably not the toy for them. If they like floating feathers or things that kinda "drift" slowly down, then they might like this :D
8404	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this stuff. He loves how it's in such a strange shape. Bites it everyday!!
3246	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My collie (and every dog I've had) is terrified of thunderstorms and fireworks.  I've tried other anti-anxiety products, and none of them work as well as these, other than Rx drugs that I don't want to use.  As soon as I suspect a storm is coming, I give her a couple of these and she is much calmer. without acting drugged.  Once thunder has begun, she is too anxious to take one, so I suggest giving them ahead of time.  This also works very well if she is given a couple of them before we trim her nails;  she's very cooperative instead of being nervous and pulling back her paws.  She loves the taste, and thinks she's been given a crunchy treat instead of an anti-anxiety wafer, so be sure to keep them out of the dog's reach!
5949	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The great thing about having a cat is that you can leave home for a couple of days without asking someone to cat sit.  However, if your cat gorges itself, this feeder is the perfect answer.  It allowed us to be gone for 3 days without asking a neighbor to stop by a couple of times a day.  It's rather flimsy for the price, but it serves its purpose and I'm glad I found it on Amazon.
An MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) exists between the AAFCO and the Food and Drug Administration. I guess a warm and fuzzy exchange of cards at Christmas just isn't enough.
4392	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is such a neat and inexpensive aid for throwing balls.  I have a large breed that loves to slobber and is also aggressive when playing ball.  This keeps the ball away from my hands and they never have to touch the nasty balls.  It also makes it easy for people to throw long distances, regardless of any athletic ability.  It is great for people with shoulder issues, can still chuck the ball long distances without any effort.
5909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog routinely spits out the chewable tablets and/or manages to eat around them when I try to hide them in her meals.  I mash the tablets and mix them into her meals and she ddoesn't seem to notice, however mashing the tablets and dosing the food, although not a huge effort, was quickly replaced with these biscuits once I found my dog actually likes the biscuits.
4729	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great launcher! No more slimy hands! The launcher is great but the ball it comes with split within a few tosses. We bought the Chuckit Medium Ultra Balls to replace the ball it came with and they have survived a lot of tosses but do not have enough bounce for our high flier so we bought high bounce balls and even though they are smaller we can still scoop them up with the launcher and send them flying. The high bounce balls are the best ever for our high flying Australian Cattle/ Jack Russell mix breed and this launcher keeps our hands free of slobber and sends the ball a good distance so that we can wear his hyper self out!!! Woot WOOT!!!
381	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	We used this collar for our Australian Shepherd and found ticks on her constantly.  One was even right underneath the collar! Thankfully, we don't live in an area where tick's that carry Lyme disease are prevalent, because she'd probably have Lyme!  These collars should be recalled.
667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I did not buy this to toss with my kids, I bought it to throw for our dog.  Our Yorkie has bundles of energy and she loves to fetch.  This toy is her favorite thing!  She can follow the toy as it whistles while in the air.  So, if we are playing at night and it's getting dark she follows the sound of the toy and can usually retrieve it easily.
9380	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these.

5767	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits great! Works just right. Good price. Received promptly w/no excess packaging.
8319	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat knows his package, he loves me more when he sees his supply
7847	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog love all wellness tread  so I decide to try this canned food beside to be very nutritional (price is the cheaper on town), my dog did finish all 12, I mixed with her orijen dry food, the first cans she ate them great but seems she got bored with the last ones, that does not mean the food is not good, like I said great food but not for the taste of my dog. Anyway went ahead to try different canned food (Blue Buffalo Small Breed Canned Dog Food, Chicken Dinner Recipe)to mix with her dry food. this one seem like is of her taste. I recommended both canned food anyway.
4787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our doggie absolutely LOVES this toy!! He's a high-energy Boxer and this really helps him get the exercise he needs without totally exhausting ME, haha! :)

7034	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I refill my cat treat container with this and they love it.  Keeps me from feeling so guilty since I can be overly generous with treats.
1360	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my cat loves it jumps up and down when she sees me getting her bag of goodies.
8718	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Yorkie's live their treats
2779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Extremly small!  Perfect for a five poumd dog.  I would benafraid any larger dog would choke on it.
7283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats are eating it.
7164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it!
3547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We must pick up after our two 'boys' when we walk around the neighborhood and this double thick bag is WAY better to do what needs to be done.  Two boxes means we don't run out.
908	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived timely and in good shape. Very good quality material. Would buy this maker's items again.
1519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog doesn't get just dry kibble in her diet, so she didn't gobble this down the first time she was presented with it. However, she does eat it and she hasn't turned away from it. She is a healthy little 11 pound terrier mix with lots of energy and no tummy issues, but I still want to feed her the best food I can possibly afford.

9875	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	HERE WE GO AGAIN..I SIGNED UP FOR SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE AND NOW THE FRISKIES CAT FOOD IS $19.00 NOT $10.00.. IF YOU SIGN UP FOR THIS SERVCE HOW CAN YOU KEEP CHANGING THE PRICE?... I JUST CANCELLED MY NEXT SHIPMENT BECAUSE OF THAT.. WHAT ARE YOU DOING OVER THERE AT AMAZON?? DO YOU THINK I AM STUPID??HOPING I DON'T CHECK THE PRICE????
5245	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My young Standard Poodle really enjoys this Chuckit!. He looks forward to fetching each time I use it. It provides good exercise and teaches retrieval skills. With this size, it is easy to toss a ball 150 to 200 feet. An added advantage is that you can use a regular tennis ball with this launcher as well as many balls made for it by Chuckit! including glow in the dark and floating ones.
2476	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mr. Bill begs for mercy, my dogs shows him none!
4350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice


1463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat pushes himself into bowl with treats before I even have them in the dish.
243	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves this stuff! It's great for her hair balls. She only likes the malt flavor and no other! I was buying it at the big pet store for double the price! It is much cheaper here! Expiration date is good until 2020! I am very happy with my purchase.
6784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My babies just loved eating this foid
6736	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for use with my rabbit and an greatly pleased  There is no dust like with other litters and less expensive than other non-clay products
4292	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great way to excersise your dog! Or your cat, kid, husband etc. Not going to judge.
9589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent
7142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Start your kitties off with this very good food, It is smaller pieces and they never refuse to eat this brand. This is quality food, it is more nutritious so you don't have to give them tons of it like a cheap grocery store cat food.
4902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more picking up wet, gross balls. These items are amazing. Would buy again if lost or broken.
8748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat likes it.
8563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I actually use these for my cichlids and my huma huma triggerfish. I used to use them for shubunkin and had some leftover so i tried it with my other fish. All my big fish like them

857	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't do the Nutro dog food justice in a written review.  We have several dogs and go through a lot of dog food.  We've tried probably every brand you can think of, from low end bargain brand to really high end niche brands.  This stuff isn't cheap by any stretch. In spite of the price (it's not that it's overly expensive, it's just pricey and we have several dogs so go through a ton of dog food), this has become the only brand we'll now buy.
7816	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves it and she is a super chewer. The head doesn't last too long but it's one of her favorite toys. I buy these often.
With such shallow litter, my cats had trouble digging and covering.
While on this, he grew like a week (from 7 weeks to 6 months) and was happy and healthy with a great coat and beautiful teeth so it seemed to work very well for him!
not worth the money if there are no bubbles for him to play with.

8761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it!


3829	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have pets then you should have the BISSELL PET STAIN & ODOR PRE-TREATER SPRAY on hand for those occasional accidents. Even though my Shiba just turned 2-years old and she's potty trained, she'll still has accidents. The other day she ate something and threw up a little and so I used the BISSELL PET PRE-TREATER to spray the area, after wiping up the mess.
A couple things:
2996	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband & I have 3 wonderful pups/dogs that LOVE to play with stuffed animals.  The problem is that they usually destroy them quickly, as they really enjoy playing with their stuffed toys together - with one pulling a leg & another pulling a arm, and they are also known to chew on them until they get to the insides - where they then work on spreading the filling all over our house.
8602	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfectly satisfied with this purchase.
3516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The poop bag mitts work great for people, but they are too big or my dogs paws.  When we are on a walk, and I put one on him, he can never pick up all my poop.

8077	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this product the day we got our kitten because of the affordability. Learned it was no longer carried in store but then found it carried on Amazon by the case. Since our kitten was only 6 weeks, keeping her on a simple food she could tolerate was important. We are now mixing this with hard food but she still enjoys it and our adult cat has taken to it too. This product was actually recommended by my vet tech.
2906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	bought this for my 3.5 2 year old chihuahua. ITs been 2 months and its holding up pretty well.
2537	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love my, "Oh no Mr. Bill" dog toy, and will be buying one to bring into the office.
2797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's so hard to find toys small enough for my 7lb Yorkie. This one is perfect. My 15lb Jack Russell loves it too.

8154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My sweet little pitbull still hasn't destroyed this dino yet, so I approve. He usually tears through his toys in hours, this thing has lasted months.
You can use a plastic grocery bag in the litter receptacle.
730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. The material is durable and it is the perfect size for my Honda CRV; the cover protects the passenger seats as well as the backs of the front seats. Quite pleased that it doesn't shift and appears to make my Dane feel secure.
2520	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Purchased the toy for my dog.  It is a very plush feeling toy.  He loves it!  Will be purchasing another
9310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	So far, doing fine.  The size of it seems to work better for my cat.  She was knocking litter everywhere (outside the box) before, but with this one, the surrounding area is kept mostly clear.  She just needed more room, I guess.
8193	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this!  I can tell a difference between cheaper food, she stays fuller longer and it helps with the -ahem- gas issue (gotta love those Frenchies!)
5732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love color and are sharp at the moment
So I called the company and  made a complaint and report asking them to do a quality check of their food immediately. I had just bought one double case at Pet supermarket and another double case at Chewys  because they ran a sale. I checked both  cases and in each they were filled with bones. I gave them the info they wanted can made dates, and batch dates, etc from each, and I emailed them theses pictures. They wanted my vets information and records that they would have to get directly from them not me. they sent  me a lab bag where I had to mail back the bone chips  you seen the pictures, fine no problem , I understood that. So i signed the permission for that. I understood them wanting to make sure.
4528	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for wearing your dog out. This launcher can easily throw a ball 50+ meters. Works with regular tennis balls too.
9587	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fish eat it.
I GET FRESH AIR BUT NOT MORE EXERCISE THAN I CAN HANDLE  SMILE IT'S A WIN WIN SITUATION BUT PLEASE DO BE CAREFUL AND EXAMINE THOSE BALLS
They are not chew resistant.  That is why I had to buy this one (to replace my old one).
9362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loved it and the vet approved!
3906	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fast ship. Work great with my Chuckti launcher.
UPDATE:  Took the sick dog to the vet.  He was given IV fluids because he became dehydrated.  $150 and one day later, he seems a little better.  But vet said the blood work came back a little off and I should bring him back for x-ray and recheck.  I'm going to hold off because I do think he's improving on the bland diet.
5155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Satisfied


1561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this brand often for work and love it.
6877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love it,tear the st out of it

5432	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is great.  I'm not very good at throwing the ball far for my dog.  With the Chuck It, it goes all the way across the yard with ease!  We've even lost a few balls from inadvertently chucking too hard!
3289	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a german shepherd puppy who I was fairly certain had tapeworms and wanting to get him fixed fast I gave these pills a shot.  They are fairly easy to administer, they are not really big and can easily be hidden in food or favorite treats, and my puppy suffered no ill effects that I was aware of.
3398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I'm so happy to see I could buy Advantage through Amazon.  I thought I could only buy it through my vet.
6213	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had heard good things about this food, but I was skeptical because all gerbil food seemed to be the same. I'd been trying a different brand of food every time I need a new bag (Brown's, Vita Prima, Higgins, several Kaytee mixes, Walmart brand, etc..). But this is the one food that my gerbils will eat every morsel of - any other food I tried, they would skip certain pellets or seeds until only that one kind was left. They seem to really enjoy this food - every time I refill the bowl, they come and get their favorite piece and go hide to eat it so the other one can't take it from them. This is the one we came back for.
doing tricks for treats.  :0)
7689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good purchase
9032	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is boring as all heck. Tastes good enough for my kitties, but I can tell they're very uninspired by it (as much as I'm uninspired by it). They don't run to gobble it down like other food I give them, so I'm not going to repurchase unless somehow necessary.
2258	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love these toys and so do the puppies and dogs.  They are standing up well to the attempted disemboweling the pups are trying to do.  So far they are still in tact after 5 days!
5577	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to Chuck It through a client. I now carry one with me at all dog visits. It saves my arm lots of wear and flings the ball far. GREAT PRODUCT!!
6588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Miss Kitty loves her Pata
He Always Gives a Deep Understanding (explanation) of Why or What Causes a Dog (or animal)
Because of his food issues, Mr. CrankyCat is extremely sensitive about his meal times. Meaning, he starts howling for dinner or breakfast about an hour before he knows it's coming - just to make sure I don't forget. Yeah, he's a thoughtful guy, although that's not usually how I feel about it at 5:30 am when he starts up.
7585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The kitten loves the Max Cat kitten foods more than anything... She votes with her mouth!
9667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog face boy loves these natural treats
4158	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	They come apart in one use, not made like a tennis ball.
8093	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These treats seem fine.  My dog likes variety and these are different flavors.  Think they're just the right size when you just want to satisfy them with a small treat.
913	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a small dachshund who developed an allergy to chicken.  This is one of the few treats I've been able to find without any kind of poultry meal, poultry by-product etc.  I used to be able to buy it locally, but now no one carries it.  Was really glad to find it on amazon.
1731	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Is there anything cuter than a Mr. Bill plush toy? We gave this as a gift, allegedly for the recipient's kitty, but we know he'll keep it for himself. It's just adorable, wonderful for anyone who has a Mr. Bill affection.
9708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Perfect size box for my four adult cats, i ordered four. They aren't pricey which helps as i like to replace them at least once a year along with faithful daily scooping and monthly scrubbing they hold up well.
9104	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these years ago so I knew that my new kittens would love it. They are perfect for kittens because of its small size.
7824	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good Product,  my dogs are happy, highly recommended
5814	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this boot for a college guy. He loved it. The seller states that it is the one from the movie, but actually the foot part is a little smaller than the movies boot. But it was as close as I could find. He had no complaints!
7600	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	If this is for 12 cans at this outrageous cost it's ridiculous. No, sorry. I have found a pack triple the size for 1/3 the cost. I was trying to find some items for a prime pantry box and came across this. It's just a stupidly high price.
8225	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I accidentally wrote the review for these on the dry food. This is the only food my dog can eat beside the prescription kangaroo and lamb, so the fact that there are treats at all is incredible.
I would say this is a good size for 6 year olds!
8354	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The ONLY toy that Daisy the Dog cannot destroy in a day.  A drawback is that one cannot play "tug-of-war" with the dinosaur and the dog as its spikes are painful to humans.  Note: do not leave this dino on the floor where one can step on it in the dark.  That really hurts.
7295	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	These things are hard as a rock and can chip your dog's teeth. Check with your vet first and monitor your dog if you get these - we no longer use them.
6239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Smells kinda odd but does the job for my ferret
Ingredient to avoid.
1860	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Dogs love it but its cheaply made. Don't expect this to last. You pay for what you get for.
9251	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves the food
8573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a bone our Golden Retriever has been interested in for quite a while now. Cute how he revisits it. Tough.
I clean the whole box about twice a year. The bottom pan pops off. I spray it with bathroom cleaner -- Scrubbing Bubbles -- let it sit a bit and then rinse it with a garden hose. I vacumm the upper (mechanical) part of the pan and then wipe it off with a bathroom cleaning wipe. (The rake will unscrew from the motorized arm and I could soak it in a bucket of Clorox water - but this is a litter box and I am not that fastidious.) All this takes about 20 minutes. Make sure all the parts are bone dry before reloading with new litter.
7978	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great cat food!
The white ball actually does glow in the dark if you have a dog who is in to night time play.
4. These bags are degradable in landfills. There are cheap single-ply bags that also claim to be degradable, so it's not really a reason for buying them, but might be worth considering as an additional feature. I'm not entirely sure if these would work in a backyard dog-waste composter, so contact the company if that's your plan.
Thanks.
8142	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs like it
2314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Durable dog toy that my corgi just loves.
1744	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves it
4426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these things are awesome
My girls get super excited whenever they see me pick this up, as they know they're in for some great exercise!  Standard tennis balls, Kong balls and Chuck It balls all easily fit within the launcher.
2282	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this toy so much, she won't put it down.

4550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have for every labrador owner! It makes hours of fetch effortless for the thrower!
7625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pit bull cannot destroy!  She is a maniac with toys and this keeps her busy.  She hasn't lost interest.  It does get pokey plastic points on it after some time but she doesn't seem to mind and has not lost interest.
9683	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If your reading this you have a cat or your very bored.  My cats like the pate vs the chunky stuff much better, they eat this vs just licking off the gravy off the chunky.  No matter what your going to get at lease one dented can amazon has gotten better over the years on shipping cans by wraping them in padding but they can never predict how the USPS will handle it after.
[...]
7851	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	(3/4/2017) My cat loves it. Was looking for a substitution for one of my cat's daily feedings of dry food. He hasn't throw it up at all and licks the bowl clean every night when I give him 1/2 a can.
4310	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	the best dog toy out there
4888	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great thrower! Love it! Use it every day! Durable, throws far, saves your arm!
Did not notice any other changes in her behavior, coat, etc.
I also even ship vintage watch parts and pocket watches in these envelopes I make from this nice heavy duty paper
7151	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My rating reflects that fact that some of the cans in the case were dented and every time I receive my order they are dented.
2506	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cute idea, but the sound stops working within the first 15 minutes of use. We ordered this twice (returning each time on the same day it arrived) for our Boston terrier (small-medium sized dog).He loved it at first but stopped being interested when there was no sound coming out any longer. The construction seemed well stitched and didn't fall apart during the relatively short period of time our dog played with it .
1007	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our kitty is 9yrs old, 11lbs and about 19 inches long from nape to base of tail. She, of course, knew this was a carrier, and of course was skeptical of it. We left it out a bit for to become accustomed to it and sniff it as much as she wanted. Yesterday when we took her to the vet, she of course didn't want to get into the bag, we had been trying to get her in with treats, which worked during the week when we were trying to get her accustomed. In the end we got her in (not w/o a bit a crying from our MamiCat) and started on our journey to the vet. it was raining lightly and the bag is really good for warmth, we could see her and she could see us with the "window Shades" and i believe she would have been comfortable if she wasn't so nervous. We got this deal really great ($50!) and couldn't believe the value. I would have paid almost 3x that much if I would have bought this at a brick and mortar store.
So, after doing the math, a 3oz tub of Ceasar vs the 12 1/2 oz can of Wellness, I could get 3 bigger servings (4.1 oz each) out of a can of Wellness...for the same, or better price, and it was way healthier for her!
6730	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this food and it was a great transition from her wellness puppy food.

8423	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love it! It is expensive but healthy well produced product. Grain free is my preferred. The cats don't always agree and they love this one.

Original review:  I ordered a bag of Eukanuba Adult Cat Chicken Formula from Amazon. I used to feed the Eukanuba chicken formula and the Eukanuba lamb formula a few years ago with great results, but my local pet supply store quit carrying it. After I could no longer find Eukanuba, I switched to Iams Premium Protection for a while, but the local pet supply store stopped carrying that except in the small, expensive by weight bags, so then I switched to the Science Diet Mature Indoor formula after carefully checking the ingredients list. After Science Diet changed their formula to include cheap and nasty wheat gluten which is nothing except a cheap filler that adds no value whatsoever to the food, I am so glad I ordered the Eukanuba cat food. On Eukanuba once again after a few years, my cats' coats have become incredibly, noticeably silkier than on the other foods. My cat that is sensitive to wheat no longer has watery eyes and dirt stuck to the inner corners of her eyes due to the watering caused by wheat sensitivity, and her stools are not loose at all. Amazon has the Eukanuba chicken formula at a great price right now, and with free shipping, the price can't be beat. The best way to purchase these foods is in the largest size bags as it is less expensive by weight that way. I will keep buying Eukanuba whatever it takes to do so because it gives my cats the absolute best health.

|~O~~~~~~~|--^-^-^--\

666	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It looks great, but I can't really see the future.... :)
5443	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great! no more sore shoulder, or slimy hands since the Chuckit easily scoops up the ball from the ground and with a firm arm/wrist flick easily launched the ball 100 feet or more.
899	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my sister in law loved it.  keep having more.
I use this if cat needs it after surgery etc.
1923	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves his "Lambchop" toy. Plays with it everyday. Made well and very cute.
SHE LOVES IT!!!!
2539	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a very cute little Lambchop doll.  I  bought 3 of them for my little dogs' Christmas presents.  These dog toys seem to be fairly tough and they're very cute. A nice gift for your pup.
4090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what is advertised, our boxers love it. Saves the arm and goes a long way, color stands out.

4161	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Work great with the Chukit!  Obviously, regular tennis balls will work as well,  but these are fine.  Durable and priced well.
3. You can sometimes buy cheaper knock-offs of these at chain pet stores, but the knockoffs are a different type of plastic that isn't degradable, AND they feel a little thinner. Also, I'd rather buy from the company that invented the item, even if it costs a little bit more, as a way of showing my appreciation for their efforts.

9114	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product & my puppy loves it. It's just a bit pricey.
1447	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't loved a fuzzy, stuffed dragon...except dragons.

8278	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We  bought this because our puppy was eating this when we got him. It is very unhealthy as the first ingredient is chicken by product. It does not contain any real meat, yet corn and wheat, which is not good for dogs.
8660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitties love it,and it's good stuff. Stay away from dry food!
509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs love it
8705	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Out Husky loves this puppy food.
9307	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I have been purchasing almost all varieties of Wellness canned cat food in the 3 oz cans in bulk from Amazon for several years now (we're talking close to $200 worth of food at a time).  My cats have always loved this food, been very healthy and active, especially for 11-year old cats, and I've never had any problems.  Unfortunately, this latest batch I purchased back in November all begin with 7W, just as other reviews have mentioned, and my cats sniff it, walk away, and come over to me begging for a different food.  Well, I'm HAPPY they weren't eating it, for the most part anyway, because the few times they nibbled at it, they ended up either throwing up or having diarrhea.  Now, my cats have long hair and are prone to hairballs, so I figured they both were working on a hairball, leading them to eat less and become lethargic (this does happen every once in a while, and then I give them some hairball remedy goop that often upsets their tummies but helps them eliminate the hairball); however, I switched to Purina One wet food for a bit, and suddenly they were back to their old lively selves.  Tonight I tried the Wellness again, and the cats practically ran to get away from their bowls.  There is obviously something wrong with this newest batch of food I ordered.  Oddly, to me anyway, it doesn't smell so bad and seems normal enough for a pate, albeit somewhat dry compared to the older stuff, but I'm going to trust my cats on this one.  I don't know what the issue is, but I DO know that I won't be purchasing this food ever again and am permanently switching to Purina One - grains, by-products and all.  Hey, at least chicken legs and beak won't make my cat sick like this supposedly "healthy" food!
4636	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my dog's favorite toy, by far.  She likes food, but gets even more excited when I pull out this toy.  The handle is very comfortable and easy to use, and makes it easy to pick up the dirty, slimy ball without getting my hands dirty.  It works with standard tennis balls as well.  The squeaking ball is an added bonus (and non-abrasive to teeth and gums), and has kept it's ability to squeak longer than expected.  This is a well-designed product, that is a pleasure to use, both for the human and canine.  Much love!
6405	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The only improvement I think it needs is the better clumping factor. Other than that, it's almost perfect.
8229	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this brand because it is what the breeder used; so, we thought it would be good to continue. Not too longer after using, my Goldendoodle puppy began having diarrhea and frequent trips outside. We switched to Fromm Gold Holistic and my pup has not had a problem since. I do not recommend this product.
9887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs LOVE these. I bought one, they actually fought over it, so I had to immediately order another one. It is their favorite thing. And the plus side for me is I don't have to pick stuffing up of the floor anymore since they couldn't care less about those toys. The texture of these dinosaur bones is great. But watch out for them in the middle of the night...it's hurts when you step on them.
1870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Cute and playful. Not for big dogs. Or chewers. Pups destroyed before long.
3017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Bought the buddy leash system on a recommendation from our dog trainer for a 6 month old pit puppy. Have been working on loose leash walking and this really helps. Really puts the control back in the handlers hands especially while training a young puppy. They quickly learn they won't get anywhere by pulling.
3345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	These individual dispensers have done the job for my cats. They are easy to open, apply and do not smell. The cat's fur does not show a oily splotch. No hair loss, which we experienced with other brands.



BUT then the same cat ended up with a huge abscess near his anus which needed emergency surgery and would have killed him if I hadn't caught it by chance (cats are terrible at letting you know there's something wrong).
9664	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog can't wait to open her stocking to get to these. Arrived quickly too
836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is handy if you need something that is light and can slip in the pocket of your laptop case. It's a little thinner than I expected. It's just a month-at-a-glance calendar with a few extras. Those extras include a place for notes in the back and also room for contacts. There is a small section called future planning which leaves room for a paragraph for each month. I do like the layout of the calendar pages. The boxes are nice and roomy and there is graph paper in the margins for writing some notes. I like the elastic that wraps around to keep it closed in my tote bag. The black matte cover does show smudges a lot. It's a yardstick that feels like suede a little.
So what we do is keep both items on hand using a fanny pack. For the biggest or messiest "jobs", we use Mutt Mitts. For typical "duty", the above linked product is very good. That way everyone wins!
5176	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I had a Chuck it for the past (seems like for ever) 7ears and it finally broke ,, so order these two and I am so disappointed , my first throw nearly hit me (it actually went backwards) , then kept trying it and the ball went every where but straight,,then tried the second one same problem can not get either one of these to go straight ,, then my son tried also ,,thought I was doing something wrong ,,he had the same problem.... don't forget I have thrown the chuck it for years,,, what is going on,,,
4725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I saw the trainers at the dog park with these and decided to get one. It's a fun toy for my dog that likes to play fetch, but I don't know how much different it really is than just throwing it. A nice feature is that you can pick up the ball without bending all the way down. And you can use a tennis ball which is good because the ball that came with it apparently is very tasty and is just about down to the bare rubber after a couple of days.
9745	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This was very inexpensive and is definitely a dog favorite.
5372	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Due to a weakened physical condition I do find this product to be very useful if not as compact as it's two smaller cousins but I knew that going in. The distance that it covers using only the device to do the work is more than equal to the next size down which has always been my mainstay. I do not see the product having anywhere near the life5span of the smaller units as there appears to already be a weak point developing in the upper middle section of the arm. Am used to playing tug of war with my woofs with these so perhaps I am being overly harsh.
But my main  reason for buying these bags was that they are biodegradable. I hope the company isn't lying because I like everything about these bags but will not buy again if I find out they are not degradable  bags.
8030	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great chew toy and very durable given that my dog destroys most toys quickly. My only complaint is that the many bumps/ridges will cause it to dent wood floors in your house if you have them. Better for a carpeted place.
8132	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great product and fast service!
7393	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat's eat it every day and love it, no issues I have been feeding it for over 10 years. Vet said my cat's are the picture of health and weight!!
5333	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been told I 'throw a ball like a girl.'  It must be true, because when I throw a ball it doesn't go very far (by the way I'm a woman, not a man).  I can't throw very far with this launcher, either, but I know they work well because I watch my neighbor use his Chuck It Ball Launcher for his retriever-type dog and he can the ball to go REALLY far.  I'm up to about 30' myself with the Chuckit, which I admit isn't very far.  But then again, my dog doesn't really 'retrieve' balls anyway, she just runs around with them in her mouth until I go and take the ball from her, so it's just as well.  But whatever, this launcher makes my ball-throwing time with my dog more fun.
One suggestion is that the manufacturer scale back the side panels of the receptacle lid so that these can function in a smaller space when the rake hit it, such as in a  closet without hitting the doors.  I have 4 of these units in a closet, two on the floor and two on a shelf a little higher and have them side by side.  I broke one when the lid sides pushed against the back inside of the closet door when raking to the receptacle because someone had shut the closet dorr partially. So making those "flaps" shorter would greatly reduce the actual amount of space the units need to take up functionally.
706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my 2yr old Parsons Terrier, she would bark at everything that went on outside when our door is open. The packaging is really nice. The info phamplet is very clear in its instructions on how to use the no bark collar. I love that it has 3 types of correction. I wasn't to sure about the shock type feature. I was thinking it was gonna be like a taser, LOL! It is NOT! It gives a jolt like white static electricity. My husband tried all 7 settings. I was only brave enough to try up to setting 3, LoL! But it was not harmful at all. We didn't even need to turn that on! We used the vibrate with the beep and with in 5 different times barking, she stopped. She has barked once or twice not wearing the collar when the door was open but as soon as I show her the collar she stops! Another thing I really liked was that you can adjust all the settings, you can set how sensitive you want the collar to be to the barking, how strong you want the vibration or the shock. Or shut the shock feature off totally. It charges with in an hour with the usb cable and my dog wore it for a week strait so far and I didn't need to re-charge it. So Im not sure how long it lasts on one charge, but I think a week is a long time! The collar is small enough to fit a toy breed and can expand large enough to fit an xl breed dog. Their customer service is awesome too!!
4633	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good
and this is what we use.  I have good control of the dog also and keeps me from tripping over a leash.
6523	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great with the Breeze cat system.
Still fleas.
9389	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Been using this since he was a puppy.  He's healthy, great coat and the price is reasonable for a high end dog food.
8876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy really likes this food
4593	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Boy howdy can you launch a ball with this thing!!!  We have a six month old black lab puppy and he absolutely loves chasing tennis balls!  Thankfully he brings it right back to us so we don't have to chase him down in order to throw another one. Getting my dog his daily exercise has never been easier!  I did buy a bag of regular tennis balls because inevitably summer going to get lost or chewed up.  It is so nice that the regular size tennis balls work with this and they don't require their own special size ball.
GO GET THIS ...YOUR DOG WILL BE Much better in their older years.
3328	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best on the market.... beats Frontline hands  down!
We moved into a gated community.
3092	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have had dogs for most of my life and have walked hundreds of miles with them.  Sometimes it can be a lot of fun and then there are days it is just a challenge adjusting your glove or zipping a coat, putting a scarf back on, etc..  Sometimes I have two dogs and their leads cross.  Now with the Hands Free Leash<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Buddy-System-Hands-Free-Leash-Regular-Dog-System-Black-Regular/dp/B0002ZAZLC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Buddy System - Hands Free Leash - Regular Dog System - Black Regular</a>&nbsp;every walk is a joy!! Just clip on my waist band, hook on the dog and I am good to go! I can adjust the leash length depending on whether I want my dog close and in tight, or loose and able to sniff. I can have one dog on either side of me to keep them apart. My arms are free to hang loose, make adjustments to my clothes, drink some water or do my Chi Walking!! I absolutely Love this creation! Makes walking a lot more enjoyable for me!!
8693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got the biggest package... I always over do things. Good product, it just came in but the only thing that bugged me is that it's not vacuumed sealed. I sealed them myself because there is no way I'm going to use all of it this year.
8850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 8 month old Boxer who LOVES these!  They hold up to his chewing and are lasting.  Which is great, because he enjoys chewing.  A lot.
5210	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves it
7999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I recently adopted a Rescue Kitten that needed medication. Using this Quality Food along with mixing her medication worked perfectly!
5708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are beautifully designed hangers.  They are sturdy and have excellent clips for securing one's garments.
In the beginning, Litter Pearls was just regular little round pearls. Then, my pet store came out with "lite tracking litter pearls" which were not round. They made them irregular shaped and rough, to prevent tracking i guess. That new light tracking style did not agree with my Litter Maid.  It was too granular and it jammed up the mechanism.  My pet store stopped carrying the regular non-lite tracking kind of Litter Pearls, so i had to search for an alternative.
2428	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dogs would not touch this, despite so many other great reviews.  Nothing wrong with it, but they wouldn't lay a paw on it.
7380	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I started feeding my cats Wellness canned food back when it was made differently, meaning better. I made the mistake of not keeping up with changes in manufacture and it made one of my cats very sick.
7621	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs loves wellness food, and I love it since it is consistently rated highly among dog food. I use this as a mix-in in her dry food (wellness core). Since I don't use much, it can get dry very soon (I put it in the fridge after opening with very tight cap), I will buy the smaller 6oz cans in the future.
7241	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	though my dog loved this toy it did a lot of chipping, not sure it is really safe.
1259	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these and think they're treats.  One of my dogs has cancer, so I purchased these for her, in the hope that I could get some more nutritious supplements into her body (she's always been picky and this horrible disease has made that much worse).  Overall, great product & I highly recommend.
504	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have bought these for years and this is the first year they did not work, but this is also the first year I bought them from Amazon.  It makes me wonder if they were out of date or something?
For those inclined to make their money go further and give Mr. Bill's words new life I have instructions on how you can remake this dog toy into a new one:
1362	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is GREAT quality. Seriously I love this thing. My dog isn't used to it, and I don't use it to job but I anticipate it being helpful in situations where we're walking a lot and I need my hands free (whenever that might be). I tried it out and the only thing is, I wish there were like, a way to adjust the length. My dog gets a little too far away from me, I'll need to hold the leash to keep it from getting under her belly or her getting too far. I'm REALLY Happy with the quality and ease of use though. VERY nice leash set.
180	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Grear
2637	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are so cute and fuzzy - love that you can actually replace the squeakers in these through the little velcro tabs in the back.  All my dogs (the big and the small) loved these. A little on the high side for their size, but will probably buy these again.
3724	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like how heavy duty and large they are. I'm not a fan of the bags on a roll, these I never have to fight to open.
7561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Meow- dank stuff, meowlow loves it. More energy sleep100%outt
6951	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cat loves (regular) bubbles!
4512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My fetch monster loves this.
231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am constantly at the MX track at night, and this collar is amazing. The LED collar clips are great, but this is much more highly visible.
3673	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good product
8773	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Destroyed within 10 minutes - very dangerous as my dog tried to eat/swallow this. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this.  The standard/hard nylabones are the way to go.
9850	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My American Bulldog pup has been eating this since she was 5 weeks old. I have had no digestion issues, no allergies and it was recommended by my vet. My baby is 5 months old now and healthy (strong) as a horse.
5413	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can throw my dog's ball way farther using this, wearing her out way faster, and I never have to pick up a gross slobbery ball. What more could you want. Get one.
7553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My cat Todd is in love with this flavor and I'm so thankful I can order and subscribe to it.
1270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great pet vitamin
9552	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can't complain about these - simple treats that my dog likes.
414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Great Pyrenees has been wearing these year round for about 5 years. I only replace the collar once a year, when Spring is around the corner and then leave it on her for 8 months, remove it or leave it on. My Pyr has incredibly sensitive skin and every year before this she got hot spots which i believe were in combination with getting fleas, even if only a few bites. She hasn't had fleas since i got her on this collar. She is a total furball, and the collar sits just under her tagged collar, so its not noticable and she has never acted anything but indifferent to the whole experience.
9912	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This is way too hard and our puppy ignores it completely. I am disappointed. No more Dental chews from this company.
5594	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have searched for almost a year for the smaller, shorter Chuck-It and could not find it in any retail stores. Then I thought of Amazon.com, and, sure enough, it was there. I love it because it is easier to carry and to use. And, of course, my dog loves it too!
519	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The java moss came in on time and was very green, no brown whats so ever. I love it!!!! Cant wait for it to grow!
3284	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Due to a mix up with products, this product was incorrectly reviewed. The product has not been used as of this writing and can not be critiqued at this time.
I use it with the Ultraballs which fit it perfectly and bounce well, and are easy on the dogs' teeth (grit doesn't accumulate in the felt and grind on their teeth).  Happy dogs!
1499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dog had absolutely no issue digging right into this food.  To be fair, she also eats out of the bathroom garbage pail, but I feel like she really liked this food.  We've had a few issues in the past with itchy skin or stomach issues when we've used "cheap" brands from the supermarket.  This bag was gone quickly and only it's price may keep this from being the go-to choice.  Our current compromise is a good quality item like this blended with a "medium priced" brand to have a good value/nutrition solution.  She seems happy and has no ill-effects, so we're all good!
315	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my local shelter.
1820	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is a chewer. She chews and chews and chews. Normally, she destroys plushies, so we tell people NOT to buy them. My mother decided to anyway. It was a huge surprise to see that she refuses to destroy her lamby. She likes to hold it in the middle and squeak it while we squeak the four feet. A huge squeaking match always ensues. She will not destroy this thing and brings it to bed with her every single night. I guess mom knows best!
9973	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Not very pleased. The snack fit very well inside, but our dog was not motivated to extract it from the toy. It sat on the floor for over a month and our dog never bothered it.
It remains to be seen, of course, how well this thing will withstand the treatment I'm capable of giving my planners through the year!
3208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This chewable are amazing, My mix Huskie Malamute, all the sudden has been howling to the extreme,  he walks and run a lot during the day but lately when is bed time he is just not himself like he was before,  he is a big boy so I gave him 4 tables to start and with only one dose he is back to normal, lying down without all the noise, and going to sleep peacefully!!! I was ready to take it him to vet, I thought something was wrong with him but after I reading some of the reviews I decided to give it a try. It makes me happy that he is able to go to bed and be calm again, highly recommend it!
8638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	All of the biscuits arrived in good shape.  My 14 lb min-pin LOVES these.  They are the perfect size.
~Thanx~


364	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wow, works wonderfully.  I recently moved from a non tick area to the hills in Tennessee, and as soon as it stopped snowing the ticks came out.  Even though I have my dog on vet prescribed once a month flea, tick, heartworm etc she still was coming in with TICKS.  Second day after I put this collar on her....no more ticks.  I do watch her closely for any adverse effects as other posters have mentioned, but all is good.  Love this collar!!!
9157	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Destroyed within 15 minutes.
Cons:
Other dislikes: horrible warranty, noisy motor, unable to set actual time (only 6-, 12- or 24-hour time intervals from initially powering it on), uses expensive D battery (thought the battery has lasted quite some time).
298	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super cute harness! It seems comfortable for my foster pup. I will continue to use this for future puppies. I just bought the blue training harness for my personal dog. I think these are great!!
8884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	After long experience with 6 indoor and indoor/outdoor cats, Science Diet is the first food I try. I have never had to switch to something else, because none of my cats objected to or was intolerant of it. They all have had good physical and behavioral health. Cats are individuals; even with a dry food diet, some like canned food as a treat or supplement. They will tell you!

1439	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have tried several for my aged dog- this seems to work the best!

3885	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has rarely met a toy he doesn't love.  My dog has had almost every toy out there.  He prefers squeakers.

2357	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely loves this toy ! it's the only toy he's able to squeek on his own, he drags it around everywhere
1662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great leashes for taking my big dogs for walks.  Gives them plenty of room to explore.  This is my second set.  The first ones still worked, but one was starting to show signs of difficulty on retracting.  I had the original leashes for about 5 years and used them almost every day for an hour or more each day.
3147	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My only complaint is that for a 40-lb dog (and below) you have to cut the pills in half.  And they crumble more than cut.  Use a pill cutter for better results.  Directions:  one dose each morning and evening.
5091	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfectly affordable! Beats the pet stores in cost segnificanty, and I'd highly recommend it for an active dog at the park, or beach!  Don't forget to get one of the special balls that glow in the dark, or make sounds while in the air to keep you dog's attention while playing

7865	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this stuff.
6946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I think I said on another review that THAT product is my cat's favorite food.  Now, this one is her favorite.  I try to keep up, but cats are weird  :)
3821	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used with Bissell 2x Pet stain & Odor Full size machine formula and Bissell Big Green Deep Cleaning Machine and had wonderful results. Would highly recommend all three products and a black light so you can see what your pets have been doing around your house. Read all three of my reviews on this product. Hoover is a thing of the past as far as I'm concerned. Has quality issues now the Bissell has mastered.
6002	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	We bought this to use to feed our two adult cats whenever we go out of town for a few days. We chose this model because it was reasonably priced and holds enough food for up to six days. The unit has six pie-shaped (wedge) sections that you fill with food; one section is always exposed, so it basically holds food for today plus five more servings. There is a switch that lets you select between 6, 12, or 24-hour serving intervals. At the preset interval, the lid advances to the next section. Each section holds enough dry food forup to two cats if you fill them up. There is no clock display on the unit; there is a manual "advance" button on the unit; whenever you press this, the lid rotates to the next opening and it resets the timer so that it will advance at the preset interval after this, or it will advance at the preset interval after you install the battery (one 9-volt Alkaline battery). There are some small water tanks on the botton that are intended to be filled with water and frozen to keep canned food cold, but they are useless after more than a few hours. Overall, the unit does what it is supposed to do very well, without any complicated clock or timer settings to worry about, and it is large enough to hold a few days worth of food.
5561	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product arrived on time and was exactly as described  Well made and lightweight  Works really well. OK OK ok
247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves this product.
8622	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I NEVER GO THIS ORDER IT WAS SENT BACK FOR SOME UNKNOWN REASON.

Works great with standard tennis balls as well as the special chuck-it orange balls
I recently installed an above ground pool with the intent to use it for my dog's rehabilitation swim therapy.  Since the pool is four feet up from the ground I had to devise an entry and exit system for my dog. I purchased a Solvit ramp, thinking I could use it in the water, but it is narrow, short, too light weight, and the surface traction is similar to sandpaper. My dog has a harder time climbing the Solvit ramp, so for safety purposes, I purchased two additional PetStep ramps, now using a total of three PetStep ramps for the pool. One ramp to a platform 25" high, another ramp from that platform to a platform 48" high, and another ramp from that platform into the water.  The water ramp is supported by home made pvc legs and brace, as the reviews on the PetStep's pool accessory legs are not very good.  The pool ramp system, made with PetStep ramps, works like a dream.  After a short time my dog has no problem entering and exiting without assistance.  Of course I have guard rails at the top platform and along the higher ramp.  The Solvit ramp is now at the back steps and works well for traveling.
9759	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best clumping litter: makes scooping easy, and I particularly like that it eliminates odor due to the baking soda (much better than some artificial chemical component).

4294	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A real arm saver. I still cant wear out my Lab, but now I can throw the ball farther and play longer.
5137	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs love it
6265	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Do you have ferrets? I do! I use paper litter in their litter boxes and when I'm unable to go pick up a physical bag, this is the bag I order.
Of course it's a natural for a golden or lab retriever, they seem to go on automatic!
5193	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	It was not as long as was stated in the description. I have a small dog who loves to chase a ball, this Chuckit does not allow to trow the ball too far! I was specifically looking for a longer version for small balls, I am not sure why it is so hard to find?

I do wish that it would have been shipped in a cardboard mailer. It was in a padded manilla envelope and it got bent in shipping. This left the pages a little rippled, and being a perfectionist, I don't like it. Of course, this isn't really the product's fault, but the flimsiness of the covers lends itself to damage in shipping.
Grace goes nuts when we leave the house with this - I can't recommend it highly enough.
1366	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Huge hit with all my cats. They're a bit smaller than other Temptation varieties.
7288	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 12 year old Yorkie loves it!
6148	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this, alongside a spare, to allow myself to more easily walk my three dogs (two on the system, one on a traditional leash) on my lunch breaks. I have three 25-30lb dogs and it really made it a lot easier! However, if you've got a dog that fiercely pulls like one of mine, this may not work as well. Safety-wise? Great, it held all their multi-directional crazy just fine! ;) I just happened to find that if we did long walks where she was exceptionally determined to chase the bunnies on our walk, I had a sore lower back the next day from where the pressure points lay. If your dog isn't a zoo, however, this is a FANTASTIC product. I think I'll just put our puller on the regular leash and the two charmers on the Buddy System!
3123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The "Dynamic Duo," (a male Westie and a female Scotty), have three criteria when they evaluate a toy: 1) Do they like it; 2) Is it safe; and 3) Does it stand up to repeated abuse and gnawing, (the "durability" factor)? Based on these criteria, the DD say, "Four Stars," for the large Dr Noys Chipmunk. After 6 months of being chomped, tugged and mauled - the Chipmunk pretty much looks like it did in the beginning - including it's tail. One caveat: The DD are "small," (20 pounds each), dogs - but the "large" munk suits them fine - except for the very smallest dogs, (or perhaps puppies), I recommend sticking to the large version.
4499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	can't throw without it
Our Miki looks so pretty again (Papillon) and seems she has a whole lot more energy too! I figure it must be the change in diet that helped clear up her eyes but wasn't sure because we moved at the same time (same town) and I thought it might have been some plants/allergies she was getting into in the back yard.  But....I let myself run out of Wellness (not on purpose!) and had to feed her something else, so I went with the Ceasar and ordered her some more Wellness.  By the time I placed and received my order, (not much more than a week), the skin below her eyes had already broken out again! Ummmm...CONFIRMATION! And guess what?  Within 2 weeks after our Wellness shipment arrived, and she was back eating her favorite dog food, Miki's tear duct area was dried up, rawness gone, and hair was growing back!
5463	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I wanted a second Chuckit!, so I saw this deal & ordered one. It's longer than the one we already had & it sends the ball further. The dogs really get a good work-out.
7968	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	cats don't like it
6211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gerbals love it.
I think my cat enjoys these bubbles as much as she enjoyed a bottle of catnip bubbles I bought in the past.  The problem is, right out of the bottle those bubbles weren't easily produced, either.
5016	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent tool
4813	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best way to play ball with your dog. I have to keep this hidden or he wants to play all day. Long!
246	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cat rubs it all over my carpet instead of licking it off his paw or nose.
4163	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great item at a great price to add on to an order.  As an original item it holds up to use.  We've actually worn out the thrower since the plastic breaks down and loses its elasticity.  We've lost a few of the balls in the next door farm field and found them to still be bright in color months later after the weather has gotten to them.  Our Australian Shepherd has yet to puncture them.  The orange color makes it easier to spot then regular tennis balls.
2166	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Very cute toy. I was hoping it would be more durable. It lasted about 15 minutes.
Looking at the labeling on three random flavors (Salmon, Savory Duck, Turkey & Chicken Liver), the ingredients common to all (and presumably the other varieties) are: chicken, potato starch, wheat gluten, pork plasma, natural flavors, salt, guar gum, sodium phosphate, calcium carbonate, potassium chloride, DL-methionine, taurine xanthine gum, ferrous sulfate, vitamin E supplement, choline chloride, zinc oxide, thiamine mononitrate (vitamin B1), copper proteinate, manganous sulfate, niacin, d-calcium pantothenate, vitamin A supplement, vitamin D3 supplement, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin supplement, potassium iodide, vitamin B12 supplement, sodium selenite, folic acid, and biotin. I should try one on a cracker. (Of course, each individual flavor also contains the ingredient that defines it, like duck in the "savory duck.")
5263	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It is a very good product. It is cheap but durable. It allows me to throw the ball much farther away that if I am using my arms.

8550	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I product I regularly buy.  However, I should have purchased the one for small breeds.
9787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It is easier for my labs to get treats out of this compared to the original Kong toy, so it doesn't keep them entertained as long. It is still a good, durable toy though!
Most of all our pup loves it too.  The ball can go further than I can pitch it free-handed.
Oh, by the way, once hellcat has resumed her normal sweetie pie form, she will seek out her Sherpa for naps!!  It's just the right size for her elooongated 10 lbs. body.

Luckily, this is cheap enough through Amazon that I don't mind fully changing out the litter box 1-2 times a week (depending on the number of kittens I'm fostering). I will continue to use this litter because the pros greatly outweigh the cons for me.
2654	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This little teddybear is perfect for my Pom Pom. She chews on it & loves it so much.
6082	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best pet ramp out there, with the best traction for their paws! Since I'm a pet products retailer, I've tried and seen many others but this one beats every other ramp. I've been using this for well over 5 years, still going strong! Very sturdy to support my over 100 lbs Golden and 84 lbs Lab! Totally worth the investment!
8156	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with this product, my husky has a sensitive stomach and is super picky
5777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I use this nearly every workday.
79	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable and easy fitting changing pad cover
932	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the no mess and the dogs love it, even my cat eats them.  Like that it's all natural too.

3953	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Perfect size for puppies or very small breeds, I didn't get the same color as they picture, instead I got a completely bright orange ball and I sometimes find orange fuzzies throughout the house, but super great to teach fetch to your new pup.


9082	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Chunks of the stegosaurus were gone in minutes. Didn't hold up like I was hoping. I supervised my dog, so just took it away when I saw the damage - but then it went in the trash.
1449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These new year's cards are adorable. originally I thought the glue didn't hold, but the yellow strip on top has to be removed and then they hold tight. The company was kind enough to respond after I mentioned that in my first review. in fact, their products are all high quality.
5065	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog love it
1201	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So here it is, the miracle product??? Yes and no... If you still are willing to maintain a litterbox every couple days yes... If you are not willing to do this, it won't help much to get this type litterbox.  My years of previous experience with cats and boxes have proved quite informative so I'll try to give you the low down and insight that hopefully will help.
1045	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent size.
4635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My jack russel loves to play ball and this item saves my arm from getting so tired.
4478	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Every dog owner needs this

1512	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wow, I'm glad this stuff worked out. I tried the other Nutro salmon stuff on my friend's dog and he went into full-on Gandhi mode not even eating for days on end. When I put this stuff down, however, the little fluff ball ate it up like there was no tomorrow. Maybe it was the all protein, no grain aspect. Maybe it was the smaller kibble size, which is more appropriate for the smaller dog. Or maybe it was that it doesn't taste like old fish. I don't know and I'm back in the dog's good graces with this stuff.
5024	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I must with a border collie. I throw like a girl who cannot throw and this thing allows me to give the dog enough exercise. Is a MUST if you have a ball obsessed border collie as we do.
2974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loves to go directly for the squeaker in any toy, but she can't get to this one.  She tosses it everywhere and likes to play tug-of-war with it.
8005	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product and the dry food for puppy under one year is the reason why Flip's "my dog" coat is extremely shiny and beautiful.  No one believe that I don't give him any extras . His weight is standard with the Vet's instructions of the amount for him ...awesome .. im so happy with it ...
4339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great device.  Even a child can use this to chuck a regular sized tennis ball a great distance at a park or field.
595	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Cockatoo loved this and went through the little pieces of wood first in no time flat, but getting through the cardboard took a litt more time.  It was a nice toy for him to keep him occupied for a short time for one day.
6424	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great dog food. Can see the real veggies in there. Both my dogs devour this stuff.
7786	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Do not order this food! There is a serious quality control problem. Some cans have very little food and are oxidized. Other cans are completely overstuffed. What a rip off!
8835	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a picky eater cat. One day he likes something and the next day I get "the look" when I serve it. Those of us who are "cat staff" know what that means.  ( Translation:I had that yesterday, I want something different today ). Although Max Cat makes a lot of flavors, this duck is the only one my picky cat will eat every day. In fact if I try to serve him something else now and then, I get the "smell and walk away" thing.  He now gets duck Max Cat every day and we're both happy! The other cats will gladly eat anything I serve, but they do love the duck the best. We do love our cats don't we?  Amazon's price is less than my local store too.
5567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great product if you have shoulder issue and can't throw too far like me.  It will throw a ball pretty far without using much energy.  I recommend getting the Medium Ultra Ball rather than the tennis balls because it will stay cleaner and last longer because it is a rubber ball.
3071	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This leash is great for what I need it for, running with my dog! Overall I really like it. There are just a few cons that I didn't think of until after I bought it:
*These are chewing style nylabones they are not supposed to be consumed quickly as a snack or treat. I consider these like a hobby or activity for my dogs to do not something they eat or a toy they play with. Chewing is a natural part of dog behavior and is good for dental hygiene. Giving your dog items they are supposed to chew on is a good way to prevent your dog from chewing on things he isn't supposed to.*
3378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	works as it should. just be sure to de-flea your
46	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The first season of Cesar is a great introduction to his methods and does not assume that you know anything about him or his methods. From time to time I go back to this first season to refresh myself on some of the basics of his method and philosophy. I enjoy these episodes every time.
3532	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Have been using these for years - will never be without them.
3716	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to love a poop bag, but these are 2 ply bags in the part where you actually pick up the poop with.  I prefer all the protection and distance my hand can get from the poop, so I prefer these bags to any others that I have tried.  I buy them exclusively now.
4468	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog loves it!

Extremely poor. It is unusable.
9342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't very hopeful about it being a hit when I bought this, but I was pleasantly surprised. My one guy plays with it every day and the other has now found the perfect thing to scratch instead of my sofa!  Best money I spent on pet items in a long time!
2640	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This is so tiny! I can't believe this is  made by Kong. It looks like something you could buy at the dollar store.
6435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	One of my cats only eats Pate therefore I am glad that Amazon sells it.  It is coming harder and harder to find this product at a good price...every penny counts.
So instead, my husband and I play keep-away with the Frosty Dog, tossing it back and forth so she'll run between us for some exercise (she's not much of a retriever).  When we throw it short so she has a chance to get the toy, she pounces on it and prances around with it in her mouth like it's the best thing ever.  She'll also run to her toy box and select this toy when my husband is laying on the floor doing back exercises, and she'll plop the Frosty Dog on his chest as a not-so-subtle way of saying "Since you're down here at my level, play with me!".  Sometimes when our sheltie is super happy, she'll pick the Frosty Dog up and hold it in her mouth for a minute, squeaking the toy every couple seconds, just for the joy of it.  The squeaker has held up great over 2 months of her joyful squeaking.  She simply loves this toy.
3441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've used Advantage for a number of years for both cats and dogs, and find it works better than anything else for flea control.  If you are a first time user, be aware that it may take a while to interrupt the multiple life cycles of the fleas that are around your yard, house and animal/s.  [And if you have a severe infestation, you may need to do additional treating of your house--I am a big fan of using a sprinkling of diatomaceous earth, which seems to be a big secret despite being inexpensive and nontoxic.]  The biggest downside of Advantage is the price, and Amazon seems to offer the best price around (especially if they have a sale).  The second biggest downside is that my cats uniformly do not like it when it is applied, but seem to quickly get over it.  I have found that with both cats and dogs it is possible to sometimes go up to several months between applications, which is good as I prefer to use any toxic chemical on them as little as possible, so you may want to try going more than a month between applications and see what happens.  I've also had good luck with purchasing the large cat (over 9 lbs) product and splitting it between two small cats.

1995	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy that my dogs love (even my nutty dog who chewed one's face off!)
6955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Strong smell, but my little dogs love this. I like to mix this with Wellness dry food---especially since dry food has little or no moisture. Wet foods are not only good for pets with few teeth or other eating difficulties, but also provides extra protection against urinary stones. I ordered online, not just because I am lazy, but because the price is less expensive than in stores. This is the third time I have ordered, and I have not received any dented cans. Thank goodness!
4025	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs enjoy these so much and they're more durable than regular tennis balls.  Can't beat them!
3814	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff does nothing to remove stains or odor from dog urine on carpet!
1516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this food for my English Springer Spaniel.  He always provides a litmus test for dog foods.  He has severe food allergies and gets bad reactions to (almost) any food that is not grain-free.  Even some grain-free choices have caused rashes and itching.  So far he has done very well on this food.  He also likes the taste and shows other signs of good health (although it's admittedly hard to tell much difference after one small bag).  I always stop on over to DogFoodAdvisor and see what they have to say.  This food scores pretty high, a rare 4.5 stars out of 5, putting it up there with the most expensive grain-free foods (obviously where it belongs!).  The main ingredient is lamb, followed by other high-protein ingredients.  There are very few "bad" ingredients.
9794	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best ever!!
1608	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very high quality at a very reasonable price. Heavy duty material with a very well thought out barrel protector for the muzzle. Good protection for mounted optics, heavy zippers and generous pocket.
4947	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	If you have a high energy dog you need this product! It allows you to throw the ball far with minimal effort. I think it would be especially helpful if you had an shoulder concerns. Wears my dog out in half the time!
132	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm obsessed with these suddenly. Use them as a dinner mat, use as a cutting board, use as a hot tray... these things are so handy. I got 2 of them in the bright green. I was thinking they'd be like any other silicone mat but these are even better!  Once you place them on your counter you have to peel them if you want them off. Which is a good thing, because they won't slip around. And they do t leave any residue behind as they are simply silicone.
2012	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cite & soft

9902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love me forgetting this for them!
Makes 'throwing the ball do much easier and means we can throw his ball without the mess!
7287	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I finally found a food my finicky little puggle will eat.
856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dog had absolutely no issue digging right into this food.  To be fair, she also eats out of the bathroom garbage pail, but I feel like she really liked this food.  We've had a few issues in the past with itchy skin or stomach issues when we've used "cheap" brands from the supermarket.  This bag was gone quickly and only it's price may keep this from being the go-to choice.  Our current compromise is a good quality item like this blended with a "medium priced" brand to have a good value/nutrition solution.  She seems happy and has no ill-effects, so we're all good!
I use plastic grocery sacks to line the storage container. I put in about 4-5 at once. About once every two days, I just pull the full one out and tie it closed, dress over the litter and make sure the rake is clean. They give you a tool to clean the rake. I use a regular litter rake to make sure any used litter is scraped loose from the bottom of the pan. (One of my boys uses the same spot for every urine break. The litter in that corner sticks to the bottom of the pan.) This whole process takes about 5 minutes.
- My cat cannot break into it!!

6617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Expands when wet.
I ordered this leash to give my niece for her birthday.  It's high quality and she'll love the cute blue accents.  It also comes with a doggie bag holder that already has a roll of doggie bags in it.
8492	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food. He has never had any stomach issues while on it.
8226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have bought this for years. I don't like the bag as well as bucket but because of price I buy this and separate it into other tight containers. Fish gobble this up
I was worried that it might make enough noise to scare my fearful kitty away, but it's pretty quiet and doesn't seem to bother her at all.
I like to look at one month at a time, and this planner gives me exactly that: One month spread across two 8x10 pages, with room for additional notes.  The pages are a bit thin (not the best when you like to use a pencil and erase a lot), and there are a lot more pages than you might think for a "12 month planner".  That's because they've given you a 13th month (Jan. '17) just for yuks, as well as the rest of the next year spread out over another couple of pages, plus many more blank pages for "Contacts" and "Notes", additional pages with when each holiday will be for the next 3 years or so, and other odds-and-ends.  An attached flexible strap can be used to hold the book together as you begin, presumably, to stuff it full of additional scraps of paper (?), and the whole thing is protected by a fancy-stock black cover, with embossed lettering.
1754	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I gave this toy very low stars because this has a plastic box inside with springs and batteries that my dog destroyed. Good thing she spits everything out but she could've gotten hurt or cut with the hard plastic inside this toy. I didn't realize this until I saw a bunch of broken plastic pieces and metal springs and multiple "watch like" batteries all over my floor. This could be potentially dangerous if you have an aggressive chewer like my Pitty. Please, if you have a super aggressive chewer that likes to destroy stuffed toys, PLEASE do not get this toy! I buy almost all my dog toys on Amazon and this one I was very disappointed with.
9011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best puppy food according to our vet and about 40% less cost than at the vet or Petco can offer.  Will order again until puppy can be switched to adult food.  Good quality dry food.
4048	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I and my dog love this thing. My unaided throwing is at best erratic so my collie is especially grateful for the chuck it : )  This is the short one and it throws the ball plenty far in my quarter acre backyard. If you're playing fetch on a big field, you might need the longer one.
Wellness

7626	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puppy seems to really enjoy this;  I have many nylabones so my dogs don't get interested in furniture legs and the like!
I PURCHASE THIS FOR MY 4 CATS AND ALSO SOME FERALS THAT LIVE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD..THEY ALL SEEM TO LIKE IT...

5714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love the quality of these glasses!  The color is wonderful, they are solid (not too thick, not too thin), and I just love the tiny bubbles in the glasses themselves.  I originally thought the glass was clear, and the bottom was turquoise, but there is a blue hue overall.  The bottom of it is just a deeper hue.
2131	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my dogs for Christmas. Mr Bill was a big hit. He was immediately picked-up, shook & tossed around.
3995	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	BALL NOT HOLLOW BUT IS SOLID  DISAPOINTED!
1382	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This calendar is perfect for my needs, a family calendar with plenty of space to write on each day and take notes on the side, without all the individual day pages making it heavy. This is very easy to carry around and is very attractive. There are notes pages in the back and a small slot on the back cover to keep receipts, notes, invites or whatever.
8085	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Puppy doesn't like taste, neighbors puppy does so gave away...
2465	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I feel this dog toy is extremely poor quality. Black eye lash and tan ear fell off after 2 days of puppy use. Extremely dissatisfied with this "dog toy". Not durable for our 3 month old puppy.
8439	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Better than Nine Lives any day. Great price too.
9911	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats loved this and played together with it for long periods of time.  Joy to watch.  Advice---put it away for a week then bring it back out when the kits are bored.  Just like in real human  life, it will seem new again.
1782	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I have a mixed review about this product. My dog LOVED it, Ive never seen him get this excited about a toy. Sadly, the toy didn't last more then 5 mins. We gave it to him and within 5 minutes the top of the lamb (where the squeaker is) was already ripped open and he got stuffing out. Even though he loved it the whole 5 mins he had it, I will not be repurching because of the stuffing issue.

7780	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have been involved in dog rescue for many years. I recently took in a very large hound who had been starved within an inch of his life. The vet recommended this (in addition to many other treatments and holistic measures, including yogurt!) to try to quickly get some weight on and good nutrition into the dog. You'd think a starving dog would eat anything, but often times they will not. I had to bake this hound homemade meatloaf for a month. Wellness and Nutro canned were the only "dog foods" I could get him to eat. But he did gain weight steadily, was able to wean off 'human food', and did very well.  After gaining 20 lbs, he was adopted by a wonderful family. When you need the best, any of the Wellness Brands I would highly recommend.

4241	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this one over any of the others.  Right size for medium to large dog and throws the best of all of their launchers.

8672	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Kitten seems to like the food (so does the geriatric cat).

8494	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dogs loved it at first, then after 2 weeks won't eat it any more. I fed it to them other night for dinner only.
1590	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Adorable red dragon. Looks a little purple online but more of a deep red color. My 4 year old was super excited to receive this from the Easter Bunny.
3255	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bella is a lab/beagle mix and full of energy.  She loves to chase the bubbles and this gives her more exercise and keeps her more focused than just running around.  I even do them in the house when it is raining!  Great product!
4607	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	not as nice as the one with the grip on it, but I certainly love not having to pick up a slobbery ball covered in dirt. Also, can throw further and straighter than with my not-so-coordinated hands alone. Pupper loves it.
4974	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	super easy to use!
9261	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food. I started buying it because one had a tooth removed and needed wet food while recovering and now I give them wet food in the morning and dry food in the evening since they like it so much. I've tried a few different flavors, but they seem to like the chicken the most. I bought them the sliced meat version of this same brand, but they did not like as much. Apparently pate is a more appealing texture? Either way, they horf it down as soon as I put it out.
It also works great on cat urine odor. Honestly, it doesn't get rid of the smell completely b/c cat pee is the devil, but it reduces the smell a great deal and w/ multiple treatments along w/ a good cleaning of the area, the odor does eventually disappear. Something that Nature's Miracle never did in our experience.

- don't toss the catch boxes, just dump them out in the trash and you can reuse them multiple times. (saves money)

8137	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've tried other foods with my Koi, but this is the one that they go to every time and apparently don't get tired of it.  No matter what time of day I feed them, the product does not remain on the surface for more than a few minutes.  My fish are living in a large aquaponics tank, and they remain happy and healthy on this diet (along with a great filter system).
Well it turns out my baby has a food allergy, so I had to change brands.  Although nutro was great for my two cats for a while, I had to change to Natural Balance limited ingredients canned cat food.  Nutro, as far as I know, does not have a limited ingredients line.  So to keep my baby safe, I feed both my cats Natural Balance Duck and Green Pea canned cat food....which is a pate and they actually seem to like it.  I also feed them the NB Duck and Green Pea dry food.  My cat with the allergies has no more diarrhea or vomiting.  My vet wanted me to feed him Prescription Science diet limited ingredients but that costs like $60 for 24 cans.  I can't afford that, so I buy NB for like $24 for 24 cans (3 ounce cans).
6192	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I used this while working a a boy scout camp for a few summers as the first aider.  Boy scouts in Ohio know how to find ticks and get them in some strange places.  Following the CDC guidelines on tick removal this tool is the simplest tool for the job.  Getting the whole tick is the most important thing when removing the tick. Often when using tweezers you can leave the head.  With Ticked Off you just slide the spoons v shaped notch under the back side and around the head of the tick and lift straight up slowly.  I've pulled over 500 ticks off scouts and have never left any part of the tick behind.  They even work for those pestsy seed ticks that are so small you can barely see them.  Small enough to put in a backpacking first aid kit, light enough to keep attached to your dog's leash.
5276	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We just tried it with our 40 pound dog at the beach and she LOVED it.  Best dog toy we have purchased.  It can use regular tennis balls; we ordered the chuck-it balls, but that was not necessary.  I am a poor thrower so this gives extra punch and sends the ball flying.
7317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Beagles just lapped it right up, they love it. They lick their dishes clean.
there is a squeaky in it.
4703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great price!  My dog really gets a workout when I use the launcher
9961	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog has chewed on all sorts of toys, and this one is NOT safe. I got the stegosaurus one for my 4-year-old lab mix today and she loved it...but within 15 minutes, there was blood all over the toy because the tiny raised parts had irritated and possibly poked her gums. I initially thought maybe that was just because they were sensitive (like how humans' gums bleed if they go a while between flossing) but then I noticed that the two ends of the toy were already chewed off, and she had ingested the tiny pieces. The instructions say that small pieces "should pass" and I was watching her so she didn't get any big pieces, but seriously...I wouldn't consider her an extreme chewer, but she was already biting off and ingesting pieces of this thing.
112	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun calendar.  Bought this for my Grandmother to quiz us every day. So far she has enjoyed it and I would recommend to others.
378	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Doges say thank you
Please can I buy the original model that had a much stronger motor and worked so reliably?  The cats played in it before it was used, had no qualms about using it afterward, and it moved a lot of poo!  The new one moves little more than aggravation.
419	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best
NOTE: Strangely enough, our recent purchase of a 2.42 lbs bag arrived with a torn opening on the side of the zippered closure. We didn't discover this until we tore off the sealed top. Since there was no obvious visible issue with the food itself, we decided not to bother with a return.
7778	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As a newly adopter of a one year old, I tried certain foods with not much success.  My dog loves this food, and I do too, as she eats well and healthy.
Love having it shipped to my doorstep.
8993	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat LOVES this more than any others I have gotten!  This is BY FAR his favorite!
8836	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very large chunks. I have to mash all the Max Cat chunky foods, otherwise my 2 senior cats will just lick up the sauce. When mashed, they eat every bite of all the flavors. One cat has early kidney disease and higher than normal phosphorus in her blood; neither cat will eat the vet foods for cats with kidney disease. The Max Cat foods are on the low phosphorus list so I don't have to give her the phosphorus binding medicine any more. We'll see how her next blood test looks.
6677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just a word of caution, it is a great food for dogs with no issues with fat. The fat content is quite a bit higher in this particular food than others. Other than that it is a very nutritious food.
3969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great durable balls.
601	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	last for about 2hr .
9907	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A vet recommended this when I first adopted her at 8 months, and my vet here now wants her to stay on it until at least age 2. She loves it. She was getting half this and half another high priced brand at humane society where I adopted. But he suggested just this. She loves it, I love it, no smelly "doo" to pick up. And she is doing great on it. She was  badly malnourished when I got her. She was at her ideal weight for a Cairn Terrier Mix, by 3 weeks.
Sometimes I use pieces of these for training, to mix with a meal, or for a treat during a walk.
3446	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have always used Advantage on my cats & dogs.  My 2 cats have been trying to get outside all the time this year every time we open a door. So they have gotten fleas from sneaking outside. I do not see them scratching anymore & they are still sneaking outside when they can!!!
7486	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Good quality and I liked the multi-flavor pack; however, our kitty doesn't really care for it anymore -- especially if it has been refrigerated.  Moving on to something else.
9700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for puppy teething
4999	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves to chase tennis balls or rubber balls, and with this launcher even our 4 yr old can throw them a good distance for him.  I like the pocket size even better than the first longer one we had bought.  Only caution is that the launcher is plastic and strong chewers can put nicks all over it (why we had to get a 2nd one) so we keep ours out of reach of the puppy now.
689	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This hopper works as good as they are expected to, and I bought it at  half the price of a big name brand. I also bought the Gymnic so I can offer a good comparison. This is good but just not as hard and bouncy as the Gymnic. It works though.. for little kids it is not going to matter so much.
Our long-haired cats are much cleaner, happier and healthier.  So am I!  Inhaling all that litter dust when cleaning the standard litter box was always very hard on me, as I have complications with allergies AND inflammation.

8353	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Lower price than local pet stores and much lower than veterinarian office. Expires in 2018
The cats give this a sixteen-paw salute! (Four cats, four paws each, you know...)
7069	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I was concerned regarding the quality after reading the reviews, but mine came out fine in California. I bought 5 cases and so far they all seem consistently solid. There is some broth gelled on the side, but nothing of serious concern. My pup loves this food, so I'm a happy mom.
1309	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great to keep their ears clean daily and smells like cinnamon! Works REALLY well for cocker spaniel ears to keep away yeast infections also.
Got an orange, which I love.
Best of all, my dog took to the ramp right away and the built-in treads allow him to walk up and down with ease.  My only concern is that he is so comfortable on it, he sometimes gets a little too close to the side and I have to monitor him to make sure he doesn't fall off.  So if I could make any improvement to this product, it would be the addition of side rails.  Aside from that, I'm really happy with the ramp and recommend it highly!
8737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Bassett hound puppy is 10 weeks old and this science diet puppy food is working really well. Our vet had recommended this brand for our geriatric dog previously. So we went with it for our new puppy. He is able to digest it, his stool is great and the vet said he seems to be thriving. So I would definately recommend this for your puppy. We also bought the science diet grain free treats and they are small enough for him. He loves them.
6154	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one I've purchased.  The best tick removal tool you can find!
It's a little more expensive than brands like Purina, but the ingredients are higher grade, and almost all of my cats have lived to be at least 18 years old. (they are indoor only).  If you can afford it, I definitely think it's worth the splurge.
3688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Love the box w hanger. Saw this at my veterinarians office and now can't do without them. Especially love the double reinforced bag tips! Thanks!
5772	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Loved the design on each page. The bottom corners allow you to mark special dates for each month at the beginning of the year without having to tear the calendar apart. Very strudy and hangs well.

2049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 12 year old dog can't get enough of this one!
2849	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves his little kong squeakies.  It's perfect for my chihuahua.
7830	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitties love this interspersed with their raw diet about once a week.
5158	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good stick but not the ball
1479	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is handy if you need something that is light and can slip in the pocket of your laptop case. It's a little thinner than I expected. It's just a month-at-a-glance calendar with a few extras. Those extras include a place for notes in the back and also room for contacts. There is a small section called future planning which leaves room for a paragraph for each month. I do like the layout of the calendar pages. The boxes are nice and roomy and there is graph paper in the margins for writing some notes. I like the elastic that wraps around to keep it closed in my tote bag. The black matte cover does show smudges a lot. It's a yardstick that feels like suede a little.
4094	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	love the idea of a larger tennis ball that won't damage my dogs teeth, but these just did not last like a tennis ball does.  disappointed.

5420	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Dobie loves this toy and so does my arm!  Easy to use and takes regular tennis balls too.  Keeps my dog busy for quiet a while!
522	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These perches are exactly what I was expecting. I got a variety of shapes. They are perfect for my finches flight cage. They would be suitable for smaller parrots too.
1363	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great even with my big dogs! Waste strap can be used with any collar or harness which is great to satisfy a diversity of dogs! I liked this product because it enabled we to jog with my pup hands free.
5153	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I no longer have to use all my strength to play fetch with my goldendoodle. Definitely a must for a super active dog.
All the time. The cat loves it.
5620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits the normal size (medium) balls. Very compact and throws well. Need to put a little extra muscle into it if you want to throw it far, but overall a great buy and has lasted a long time. For the lazy thrower this would not be ideal because you need to bend down to pick up the ball since the reach isn't as long as the normal size..so there is a little more work involved. If this is an issue for you, get the next size up.
3496	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My husband and I were big fans of mutt mitts since we discovered them at a dog park two years ago. We often gave them away to other pet owners...especially those with big dogs. We just ordered a new package and were surprised to discover that they have changed. They have not changed for the better! They no longer dispense without ripping terribly, they are thinner, and they are not as long as they used to be (making it more difficult to knot).  I contacted Mutt Mitt to let them know that I was disappointed in the changes and they blew me off!
This knife is well balanced, has a good cimeter curve, stays sharp, is easy to sharpen, and has the lifetime warranty from Kershaw. I live in Portland, OR, and free sharpening from Kershaw is the reason why many of my cooking knives and my pocket knives are Kershaw, KAI, or Shun. The blade guard that comes with it is great too and fits the curve perfectly.
8803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a multiple cat household and so I change out my litter boxes quite often. I tend to purchase the larger ones at Walmart for under $6. However they tend to get worn out very quickly with the scratches from both the cats and the litter box scoop. The color of these are very bright which I am not a big fan of but so far they are holding their own. When I order these it stated that I could select a color however that was not the case. You might want to contact the seller if you're looking for these and want to order them in a different price. They definitely have higher sides on three sides but on the front it actually Scoops down a bit so keep that in mind if you have a kitty that tends to miss the litter box often.
In case you didn't know, the AAFCO is the Association of American Feed Control Officials. According to its website:
9341	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Feeding five cats and they all love this food.
7809	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat hates this stuff, will barely even touch it. Ugh.
7279	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great chew toy.  My dog loves this.
4916	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my friend's large dog. Their son and the dog play with it a lot.  Gives both of them something to do!!!  Recommend.

6667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Everything good 
4286	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I got these along with some other Chuckits for my dog, when they arrived I allowed her one of each type to play with. These were broken open and the outside material was all over the house within an hour. Granted she still wanted to play with them, but she was trying to eat the fuzz so I just pitched them. I will stick with Chuckits other toys because she still has all of those in one piece.
305	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality.
1256	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff
6872	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love this better than Rachels Good Quality, but perfect when giving medication all cats love it.
1563	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs loved these.
5087	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this has been so much fun to use with my German Shepherd puppy. He loves running and this goes very far and he has created a huge muscle mass on his rear end from running so much. Every large breed owner should have one of these and a 140 foot leash to go along with it it's perfect.
saver!!
3128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there, and we've tried several. I don't think any are truly "indestructible" since there's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim, but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs.  Just be *sure* to buy the size that suits your dog; don't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily!  Dr. Noys' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack, and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch. (Squeakers are not indestructible; that's why they include an extra. But the advantage here is that they are very secure, and can't be eaten.) You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys. Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy! ;-) In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.

I have just retired my most recent Litter Maid which i started using a year ago.  I was having a very hard time with it.  It worked well as far as the motor and everything it's supposed to do, but the problem  was with the litter (crystals). The crystals were getting saturated in only about 4 days and if i didn't change the litter, my cat would pee on the floor cover that i kept under the litter maid.  That is way too frequent to have to deal with cat sewage, by my standards.  Urine was getting all over the box and under the box. I thought the litter maid was leaking but couldn't find any openings.  It took me a long time to figure out that my cat's hyperthyroid condition was causing her to excessively urinate.  When i realized it, about two months ago, i doubled her medication and the problem has gone away. but she continued to refuse to use the Litter Maid, i think it must've developed an odor because of all the urine all over it, i tried to wipe it off but far from perfectly i'm sure.  Even though the crystals weren't saturated at all, she was peeing on the floor cover.  So i have just replaced the Litter Maid with a ScoopFree automatic box. So far it's working great. I took the Litter Maid outside, cleaned it as best i could with diluted Simple Green spray, it looks ok, i put it some big plastic bags and will keep it in the garage.  It has been working very well.  A real trooper.
7940	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	our dog, Waffle loves these treats,
7434	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat absolutely loves the Nutro Cat Adult Chicken Supreme, and her finicky digestive system tolerates it well! Please don't change the formula!
5722	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Better than described. Thick and holds the heat.
Another great ChuckIt product. (we usually go for the rubber balls for their cheweability and durability.

1323	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I would not give this to a chewer. One of my dogs loved this and played with it but the other...destructo girl got a hold of it and destroyed within mins. Soft plastic. Otherwise, great amusing product for dogs.
4488	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My border collie never tires from chasing the ball usually my arm would but no longer is that the case. This chuck it thrower is a modern day atl-atl created by native Americans for hunting boars and now helps me throw a tennis ball. It's great that it works on regular sized tennis balls or medium sized chuckit balls (I have the orange ball that came with and the glow in the dark ball that whistles). Needless to say my border collie gets tired before I ever do now. Never knew that was possible.
7700	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	In the max cat brand - this is one of Cammy favorites
3180	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	AGAIN WITH SOFT?  I can't get my dog to eat,  chew something hard.  His teeth were never developed correctly a genetic flaw. MORE money down the drain.
1300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've owned a LitterMaid for the last 6 or 7 years.  These units are generally reliable.  The biggest benefit is the odor control.  The dirty stuff is raked into a plastic catch-bin that has a lid.  The smell is kept to a minimum, until the catch-bin is too full and the lid doesn't close fully.
2079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great dog toy!!! Squeakers in the feet and center of the toy.
9509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my Koi's favorite food! They love it and my dogs even try to eat it !

2037	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Just received this today.  I think it's saying, "Oh No".  Our dog loves it.  Time will tell if it is sturdy.  She's not ruff on her toys, but some toys tend to loose pieces.
7136	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitten loves this food, and it's a great buy for the price.

6660	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a Chocolate Lab, well labs a known for getting FAT and how I know this, not only is my beautiful baby 10 now but I started him on this with the wellness core weight control and only mix a good tabelspoon in with his food (and warm water) and he lost the weight i needed him to ... without haveing to cut back and starve him even though Labs think they are starving ALL THE TIME :)
708	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works great for runs. I love that you can make it various lengths and it has a ton of attachments. The quality is great and holds up against my puppy who loves to chew.
The Arm and Hammer Super Scoop is now my preferred brand.
736	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It works fine, plugged our TV and our speakers.
7990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our pup just LOVES these.
An additional problem we had was a disruption of the infrared light sensor, so that the box started cleaning and would not shut down. It just kept cycling time and again. We fixed it by cleaning the sensors, but the problem continued to reappear every time a cat decided to aim for anywhere other than dead center.
The 18M Ball Launcher appears to be just right for our medium sized Vizsla!
I would HIGHLY recommend this product.
5743	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good mix of blades for use on the job site
8554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The food smells very fresh and my two kitties absolutely love it. I was told by the foster mother of the kitten I adopted that she doesn't like wet food of any kind, but ever since I introduced her to this when she turned 6 months old, she starts crying for it as soon as I pull out the can. No digestive issues or upset stomachs from this. I have a water fountain for them, but I added the wet food to their diet to ensure they stay hydrated. I have gone in stores and their prices are much higher and don't come in a pack. I'll continue buying these packs because the cats love them so much.
7003	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	They love pate but I notice at times they snub it, could it be that the fish is a bad batch?
2650	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Cute little toy - best suited for puppies.
6304	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	she hates it, but hates all dog food
34	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	He seems really full of himself and I'm not so sure the dogs are "trained". I just get the feeling that they are putting the best examples on the show and the failures hit the editing room floor.
9681	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this food and donated it to the Idaho Humane Society and I am sure the cats loved this product.
3448	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Puts Frontline to shame. It killed them initially, but they came back and/or didn't get rid of them completely. Other products worked at first, but more showed up only a couple of weeks later.
9236	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The dog really does not like it and refuses to eat it.
6777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It smells strongly of catnip which is good, however my cat did not care for it and it's difficult to get the bubbles to actually blow. Some dish detergent could potentially help this.
7874	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loved them! Limited ingredients and I'm happy too!
3004	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for walking, jogging or training a puppy and being hands free
I purchased the tent to go with this, but didn't keep it on because it gets nasty too ... and I read that cats don't like to go to the bathroom in an enclosed space any more than we like porta potties!

1142	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I like it-but it does freak out the cat.  That's ok because my cat is neurotic anyway.  The ramp doesn't help much as the cat leaps over it leaving cat litter everywhere.  Why doesn't someone invent cat litter that doesn't track!!!!  Update...bloody thing broke after 3 months!
8704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very good!
1257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No problem giving to dog each day...
The ingredients are great; the first 3 ingredients are chicken, chicken liver, and turkey; those are good enough for me. I would totally eat it if I every run out of food during the apocalypse. I buy a case of 12 of 12.5 OZ can for 3 cats and it lasts me about 3 weeks. For around $30, that's not too bad at all. I will keep buying Wellness for my cats because I know they'll love it. No more searching!
5839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog has one biscuit every day after his morning walk.  He loves the biscuits and they are good for him.
914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works well, makes the cuticles really soft and you only need very little.  Will buy again!
2914	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My dog loved it.  I say "loved" because it is gone.  Deducted a star because it should last longer.
I had bought 2 different ones this time for comparisons (because i really couldn't decide and figured I've got 2 dogs, if 1 worked and not the other atleast I'd only have to replace one). This one is by far my favorite, I love that I can adjust it, recharge it and not buys a bunch of special batteries all the time, it's a good quality collar, and really works for my dog (which says a lot). It's so good I'm half tempted to buy a couple and send it to my neighbors barking dogs too lol honestly, at this point I really have no complaints, once charged it's been so much quieter around here then my dogs nonstop barking. I don't have any problem with my dog alerting me if we were in a trespassing type situation, but to bark at every bug in the sky, at her tail, bark just to bark all the time, it does nothing except drive me and everyone in the surrounding area completely crazy.
The match a large collection of flat wear by the same company.....  I bought four sets of everything from www.amazon.com on a single morning of on-line shopping.  This stuff can go into the dishwasher.  It looks so Good I keep the Kitchen center island which is nine foot by five foot set all the time as if we were having guests.
5047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is, hands down, the best thing ever invented for someone with an energetic puppy/dog.  Make sure you buy extra balls.

I hope the new formula is just as good because this one is good as gold.
2599	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 4-mo-old border collie mix, and she loves this doll. It's solidly built, and can withstand quite a bit of tug-of-war. I don't think that an adult German shepherd or pitbull mix would have any trouble destroying it in minutes, but my dog is generally rather nice to her toys, so that's not much of a concern. That said, I own a number of stuffed dog toys, and this one feels better-made than pretty much any of them.
2732	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the cutest little toy ever!! I got it for my 5 lb Maltese and she LOVES it! She literally carries it to every room in my house. 
NEW MODELS WORK A FEW MONTHS - THEN DIE
845	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good price
7399	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I know I'm taking good care of my cats by feeding them Wellness cat food. My 17 year old will only eat two types of canned food with Wellness being one she's eaten most of her life.
3786	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit and keeps the big dogs in the back.  I have used other barriers and turned out to be a waste of money.  Highly recommend this barrier
7989	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	After a week of chewing, it became so ripped up, it was actually drawing blood from my dog's mouth. Thrown away and stuck to the original Nylabones - still chewed up, but less pointy.
I have adopted an Akbash mix. Giant breed dogs age slowly, and he will still be growing for a long time, so although he is now 2, I still give him 1 cup of this in his morning meal (3 cups).
We have used one of these for years. We only replaced it because our dog slightly chewed up the ball end of the last one. It still works but I wanted a 'clean' one.
5033	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Compact model. Perfect size. Can use a regular tennis ball.
6896	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	An excellent food recommend by the breeder and the vet.  My dog loves it.  His coat, skin and energy are excellent.  We use it one heaping tablespoon at a time to wet and supplement our dry food.
4231	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have ordered these in the past.  It is perfect size for the chuckit gadget AND our dog CANNOT chew through these.  Very reasonable priced compared to real tennis balls (which are expensive).
396	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These have worked really well for my 2 dogs and I don't think I'd switch back to the liquid version ever. The collar is easy to put on, you don't need to remember monthly and it lasts all the warm/flea/tick season months. I put them on early-mid spring and leave them on right into winter and they have not had a single bug since they've worn them. They go swimming/paddle boarding with me and they get bathed usually once or twice a month with no issue.
1680	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This stinking toy!  My dog loves this thing.  This is the second one I have bought for her.  She walked around making the first one go off so many times that it wore out and would make a sound anymore.  She still loves both of her Mr. Bills!  I highly recommend this for someone who isn't a chewer and de-stuffer.
3459	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat is allergic to Frontline and Advantage, which are topical pesticides that get ingested when the cat grooms itself. He would get a lump on his neck wherever I would apply it, so I stopped using topical insecticide for flea control.
4962	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat it. Arm never gets sore or tires, and don't have to touch the slobbery ball!
5021	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Love the Chuckit! line!  I like that it came with a ball already, and the orange color is great - seems to make the dogs more interested in playing!  I wouldn't get this size again, unless it was for a child to use, though, as it's shorter than expected.
6332	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are the Purrfect toy for your feline friend... they can keep busy for hours watching the ball go round..,very durable and well made!
3920	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's a tennis ball that is blye and orange. That's about it. The dog likes it.
7843	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The qualitys not as good as the lamb and rice but it didn't seem to bother his stomach, you get 10 more pounds and it is cheaper wich is a plus for me. You can always ad your own rice and veggies. Its fresher that way and better for him in my opinion. Plus if you you can get it deliverd to your house for free its even better.  Gotta love pitbulls
One warning. If you plan on playing w/ this in the colder weather, be careful as it hurts to catch it bc of the material it's made out of. And it is a little slippery so you may think you caught it but in reality, it'll just slip/fly right through your hands.
1509	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loved it and that's a huge endorsement since he likes only homemade food.
I'm a 5'1 woman and I have no problem!
591	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best bird toy so far!!
4527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this longer launcher really sends the ball sailing... My BC is super fast, so this ball actually out runs her!!! LOVE It
I have a 7 1/2 year old Golden Retriever. She has been on Connectin Chewables for almost 2 years now. They work wonders! We do lots of distance running and long (3-6 mile) off leash hiking. During these hikes she is a high speed wild girl likely covering 10x the ground I do (think sprinting 30 miles). At 5 years old she was getting sore after our hikes. It got to the point that she was noticeably stiff for several days after a hike. I put her on Connectin and within a week she had NO stiffness. At one point I tried taking her off the Connectin (to see if it really does work). After about 1 week she was stiff (going up stairs, on and off furniture, etc). I put her back on them and again only took 1 week for her to be her agile self again.
1648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Usually Milk Bone products I don't buy but these were on sale and I thought I would try these out.  My two dogs just love these treats.  For them, these are just as good or better than higher priced items.  Because they are soft, I interchange them with harder treats so their teeth stay clean.  This is a treat I would definitely buy for them again next time I catch a sale.
7348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both cats love all of the Max Cat Nutro chunks in sauce, and usually eat all the food instead of licking the gravy and leaving the rest. This has also helped Cavity gain some much needed weight to help with his Thyroid condition. I fully recommend this!
8350	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 11 puppies and their mother love this food. The mother more so than the puppies right now simply because the puppies are still in the beginning stages of weaning.
4688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pup loves it
7352	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cat eats these with anticipation. Great value as best per oz price on amazon for wet food. Noticed some cats did not like some of the flavors, solution is to mix some of its favorite dry food in and they will go to town on it
155	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
The cover is thin black cardboard, but it is coated in something to make it slightly more durable and spill resistant.  And it's got a really functional band to both keep it closed or to use as a place holder.
pet owners off.
7728	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	First let me say I get boxes from Amazon every day, including 12-packs of other Wellness canned food.  I virtually never have trouble with damaged goods.  This Wellness food looks great, so I ordered some.  It arrived well packaged and the outer box was fine, but 4 cans were badly dented on the top or bottom seam.  These were bad enough I didn't trust the integrity of the seal so I returned them to Amazon for an exchange (Amazon service was incredible of course).  The replacement 12-pack had 5 cans that were BADLY DENTED on the top or bottom seal also, so I returned the 12-pack.  I left packaging feedback although they seemed adequately packaged and my other Wellness food show up fine.  It makes me think they get dented before shipping, hence this review as that makes it a problem with the product in my mind.
don't waste your money

8714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Works.
8764	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	VERY LARGE!
7619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	She licks her plate clean and is constantly going back to see if there is any more.  Always licking the empty bowl
I also recommend it for dogs! My dog (lab/corgi mix) will give up on tennis balls after a throw or two, but she LOVES this dang football. She would chase it until she died...it must be something about the whistle that keeps her attention! I have purchased probably 4 of these over the past few years for use with my dog. For how often we use it, and considering I'm using it with a dog, I would say that they're pretty durable. My dog is very good and does not try to tear it apart, so that increases its longevity. We do not use it every day, so I would say that one of these footballs lasts me a couple of months. If you use it with a dog, you just have to be careful that if one of the whistles starts to peel, you take it off so it does not get accidentally ingested.
303	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great!
When they say Premium clumping litter, they mean it.  The alternative is a constantly jammed motor.
This book has plenty of great recipes for every meal, from breakfast to dinner, desserts, special occasions, and even training snacks. There are also recipes for homemade kibble and Kong toy stuffing. Plus there is some information on what not to feed a dog (like onions and grapes). I'll definitely be preparing some of the recipes from this.
I will continue to use this brand as the very first one did run for 10 years.
345	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great price if you subscribe, same price as most places other wise.  Make sure and leave the recommended room so the meds don't irritate the dogs skin. Works 6-8 months depending on your dogs activity with water or baths
3) Couple the kibble with these treats (limited ingredients) and give NO OTHER TREATS

4485	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves it and he is having fun and I do not have to throw that far this launcher helps me to throw that far. haha....
9725	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for a long time now for my cat, we alternate between chicken and turkey. She eats a dry food along with this wet food daily. I like the small cans, she eats a half can a day - she's a small cat. On some previous foods I had seen her gain too much weight and/or get dry flaky skin. This kitty started life with very delicate health with respiratory infections and tested positive for the feline leukemia virus. Happily she tested negative at 6 months but it's always been important to me to feed her good quality food. She looks healthy and maintains her weight on this food.
9950	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 11 year old cat loves this food, and so does my 9 month old kitten.
6011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	So my dog goes CRAZY for these things, BUT they basically smell like the chicken flavoring for Ramen noodles, and don't seem to do anything for her breath.
6751	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	my cat would not touch it,tried to give to smokey the neighbors cat who eats almost anything,wouldnt eat it.must taste like crap.wasted my cat food buying money......gave it one star cause i am a nice guy.
4051	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes fetch soooo much easier. Flick the ball 100 feet effortlessly! Equally important u can pick the ball up without bending over much and keep the sliver off your hand! Really a awesome invention!
Lambchop has also been machine washed and dried in the dryer (on low temp) several times and survived just fine.
2525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This toy is one of my Standard Poodle's favorites. She loves Mr. Bill and his mournful, "oh no."  She likes to carry Bill around and make him talk to her. It is well made and a good toy for SNL lovers.
1909	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	cute

3026	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This has been handy for training my dog, freeing my hands. I'm not a runner, but I could see how it would be very convenient if you are a runner.
3) the biggest problem i have so far is that it doesn't clean as well as i'd like it to.  little pieces of poop gets pass the rake, so i have to hand-scoop those.
1964	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is my moms dog's favorite toy. Poor lamb chop has taken a beating for months. It bigger than most of the other stuffed animals, perfect for him to hump on. Lol soon he will be nuetered. Almost 8mths old now. Maltechon


8997	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	OK
5252	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best toy ever for my dogs. I can't throw worth a darn and this chuckit  is awesome. I am my dog's hero at playing ball now.  We love it so much that I bought an extra one in case something happens to this one. Definitely recommend this toy.
6863	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	ELATED THAT AMAZON IS SELLING WELLNESS, MY PUPS ARE ON CORE WELLNESS, AND MY 6 YEAR OLD ROTTIE IS ON THIS THE SENIOR.  THEIR COATS ARE SHINEY AND THEY ARE AT A PERFECT WEIGHT:)

Plenty of size for all but the garbage bag sized poops
584	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a very picky scary cat bird but she loves this toy.  Hope this helps.  It's fun and easy to hang.
8189	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Digs love it
1597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a few of the Jellycat stuffed animals and continue to get them just because of how much my daughter loves them. They are soft, well made, and although on the bit expensive side complete worth it because they get a lot of use from the kiddo at bedtime, tea parties, and as "friends" during the day. I also have the elephant and sloth and she loves them all.
9469	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dogs love them.  NO chicken products which is important to me as my dogs are allergic to chicken

4645	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dogs get excercise, but it wears me out to. lol
Trust me fer him ...
7231	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Because my cat gained so much weight I researched cat food.  The 1st 5 ingredients which is what you should look for lists this food with "meat" and "by-products".  Apparently grain free wet food would be best but pricey, an excellent alternative for the same price as this is Trader Joes, or Newman's Own, and the 1st 5 ingredients MUCH better.  Good luck!
181	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Something new I'm  trying with my puppy seems to be working. Training is easy with the explanation and cards that came along with book.  Thank you.
348	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This seems to work great on my dog.  No more scratching problems.

4249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	It doesn't throw the balls as far as the big one but it's great to bring along somewhere. Also, this one fits in my dog's backpack so I don't have to carry it. Still throws balls farther than my arm so it's well worth it.

285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The quality, color, and so forth are fine. The collar size seems to run big though. By the time I adjusted it the word was obscured. Not a big deal for me since I got the matching harness, but if I were relying only on the collar the purpose would be lost with only the partial wording showing. Otherwise quite happy with the items. A size extra small would be a fine option.  The three small collars I bought were for a Jack Russel/Rat Terrier mix (20 lbs), a Rat Terrier (15 lbs), and a Rat Terrier (10 lbs)... all different heights, sizes, weights-- still the collar was even too big for the largest of the three without obscuring the embroidered wording. I'm happy with the quality though and only regret the way the wording worked out.
Each ALL NATURAL biscuit contains 500 mg glucosamine and is a substantial 'treat'. Biscuits are approx. 3-4" long and perhaps .75" high and quite crunchy to promote strong teeth and healthy gums. They are a bit difficult to break other than in halves. After that initial break, they are too tough to break into smaller chunks, thus the need for my abovementioned 'chopper'. Each bag purchased to date has arrived in excellent condition. Out of 14 6-lb bags to date (2 separate orders), only 2 biscuits were broken in half; nothing was crushed or broken into small chunks. Very little residue at bottom of resealable bags. Unfortunately, I did count the biscuits in the first 2 (original order) bags to determine whether or not I would stick with this product pricewise, but I've forgotten now what that count was so I cannot share that at this time. And because I'm back to order more, if I remember, I'll update this review when I count them again. Directions for use: 1/2 wafer/biscuit per 40 lbs body weight twice daily.
To respond to the negative comments about pinching your fingers, come on folks, grow up. It is not a mystery that hinges and creases can hurt you if you put your fingers into them. Don't stick your fingers into this thing any more than you stick your fingers in your car doors when they close.
6831	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats like it. I like that they like it. I buy it over and over again.
1719	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My completely toothless dog LOVES this toy so much we bought one for him to keep at my daughters house. Despite him having no teeth he can really hang on to this toy. He has been using it daily for about three months now. Not sure how it would hold up if he had teeth but it meets his needs and has keep intact with squeakers working.  It makes noise even when he shakes it. Plan on buying more in the future.
If you understand the cursory nature, the nice-looking appearance and the ease of being able to take this anywhere, this is by all means  really nice calendar that can become used and you won't care too much by the end of the year.
3714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Hate to rave about poop scoop bags, but these are definitely a cut above any other bags I've used, esp for picking up after a larger dog.  They are larger and thicker, not to mention biodegradable.  Highly recommended if your budget allows.
I would highly recommend this product and company.
2127	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my 12 week old pug puppy and though he wasn't interested in it at first, mainly because it was the same size as him, but it quickly became his favorite toy. He loves that there are squeakers that he can actually bite and squeak on all 4 on lampchop's paws, there is a large, loud  squeaker in the stomach, and there is a lot of stuffing so it makes it fun to play with. The quality is great, especially for the price, and has kept his interest when other toys have fallen flat.
6390	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs never turn down any Purina product, and this is no different.  I find I can feed less of this food than other cheaper foods so value is there as well.  Healthy skin and coat, no GI upset.  Great product.
She likes that you can throw the ball further with this sport launcher.
6317	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is the only litter my one rabbit will use.  It works great and keeps the smell to a minimum.  Great stuff
1113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These things hold cat poop well.
5226	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Shattered one in the frigid and frozen VT Winter, bought another. :)
8644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Maybe not grain free...but my very expensive french bulldog has not stomach ache or gas with this old fashion, well balanced food
7013	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this thinking that our cat my have some fun with the bubbles. I had a hard time getting the bubble blower out of the bottle. I could barely make it make any bubbles. When I finally got a few small bubbles, the cat wasn't interested. Don't waste your time on this product.
Purchased locally the balls cost too much.  Glad I found them here.
Cons: Fits too tight, which causes the zipper to break and fail.  Vinyl also discolors after 6 months or so and it can pick up stains fairly easily.  COst is also a con - this thing along with all LitterMaid products is too expensive.
The toy seems very durable.  We've only had it for about 3 weeks and so far my agressive toy destroyer hasn't made even a loose thread yet!

*** I highly recommend chuck it balls. The bounce twice as far and they float. Also they offer a glow version that makes fetch in the dark and snow much better. The dog can see it better. If they cant find it you can easily. Just helps to have a flashlight to quickly charge it up with light absorption.
7527	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a senior chihuahua who has gastrointestinal problems.  My dog loves this dog food and has absolutely no problems whatsoever digesting it.
1403	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it, love it, love it!!!!!!!!!!  This was exactly what I was looking for and it arrived a week sooner than expected.  Will definitely buy another one next year.
7385	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a few different puppy canned foods based on price.  The cheaper canned foods were so fatty, that my dog vomited.  Wellness may be expensive, but the quality is well worth the price.
They're not too big. They're a lot smaller than a laundry bag. I included a picture of the largest for reference.
3047	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This works perfect. I can walk my dog and push a stroller at the same time. It is all plastic but my dog does not pull a lot (he is 80 pounds though).
5919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It takes a little patience to get the dog to use it, at first she thought is was a treat machine, but eventually she realized it meant go outside. Works very well.
2499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 2 year old Lab LOVES Mr. Bill.  He holds up better than other plush toys and continued to cry Ohhhhhhhhh Nooooooooooo for about 4 months.  A few trips to urgent care for stitching kept the stuffing intact in between.  He's lots of fun to throw and play catch with and our Lab never tires of squeaking him to hear him talk.  With lots of play, Mr Bill met his demise today, but we definitely got our money's worth and I'm ordering another.  Highly recommend!
6644	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	This was not at all what I thought it would be or was advertised to be.  It is NOT soft to the touch and least of all to the paws of my kitty.  I mixed it with her regular litter and gave her a chance to try it.  She did not like the feel of it as evident by her not burying her waste.  In the plus 8 years we have had her, she has always used her litter box and I will not force her to use something she doesn't like.  Even if there would be an adjustment time for her to accept it, not worth it to me to put her through that.  Another huge deterrent for me was the fact that this is not light weight.  Think of how heavy a newspaper gets when it gets rained on and you'll get the idea.  All in all there are just too many negatives for me to buy this again or even use the bag I have now.
If your dog doesn't fetch the ball and bring it back to you I don't recommend this product because you will be have to walk quite a ways the get the ball!
6792	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Choking hazard: Beware of bone fragments (some sharp and hard)! Image attached. I bought 2 cases of the Wellness Senior Forumula within the past month for my toy dogs. Most of the cans in the first case were okay, but then I started noticing little white crunchy fragments from some. I was not sure what they were. There were more of those fragments and little black flakes in the cans from the last shipment I received a few days ago. From what is listed under ingredients, I have not been able to make out what the black flakes are as I did not noticed them in many of the other cans. After carefully sifting through each can and removing the white fragments, it dawned on me this morning that those fragments are definitely bones. Each fragment appears to be approximately 1/4 to 1/5 of an inch long and still hard. Small as they may appear, I think they can be a choking hazard for senior dogs, and especially toy dogs. I like Wellness overall. My dogs love the taste, however, I will no longer be buying this particular can for my senior Chihuahua.
5802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are in my Paris theme 2nd bath, and they are adorable. They have a vintage look to them. Recommend!
9465	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog has allergies and he loves these limited ingredient treats. Vet recommended and there is no more scratching.
3592	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Mutt Mitts are an absolute must have for dog poo pickup.  We have two dogs and always have one on each leash and a few extra in my messenger bag.  The bags are thick and durable - no need to worry about holes, and the bags do not emit poo smell.  They are large to easily allow for full poo pickup and accommodate even my husband's very large hand.

7178	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a spry healthy cat, Al, who has been eating Nutro cat food for 12 years now.
5929	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great
3036	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just can't say enough about this system that I use for my hard pulling, animal shelter rescue lab/German shepherd mix who has made my shoulder so sore from her constant pulling. She still pulls but with one of the straps clipped on to her chest area and one on her back, she actually is walking almost sideways when pulling at her worst. I also grab on to a lower level leash area to correct her which she feels more strongly and is more apt to follow my directions. The best part is since it is hands free, my shoulder is fine. My waist and body core can take a lot more pulling than my arm and shoulder. Just be sure not to try and correct your dog by pulling back on the leash using your knees or else you will have some sore knees. Also, probably not recommended for frail or off balance people with dogs who pull hard that are over 30 lbs.
Your cat deserves a healthy diet and wet food gives that to them. It's more filling than dry food, has more water content (cats don't like to drink water but need to in order to urinate properly), and this particular brand comes in many different flavors.
I recommend these items to anyone who has a dog who is usually pretty mellow, but needs a little assistance during stressful situations.  I wish that Petsmart still carried them and not the GNC product line that they now carry.

8118	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The food is a lot drier than other brands we've used, so I warm it up & mix in some water before feeding our cat. She likes Wellness, Evolve, & Newman's, and she's usually pretty interested in this one, too.
4542	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing has made my life SO MUCH easier.  We have a ladradoodle who LOVES to run and this launcher makes the ball go so much further!  AND I don't have to bend down to pick up the ball, or handle a ball that might be wet.  Can't recommend this thing enough!!!
1153	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This device is overall a great product. The litterbox smell is virtually gone, just dump all the "kitty prizes" when the compartment gets full and you're good to go.
2368	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a 9-month old Hungarian Boxer who weighs 55 lbs and loves to chew on everything she can find. I got this as a handful of random toys on Amazon and had no idea about the sound. After about a week with it, it's hilarious how much my dog loves this toy! The "ohhh nooooo!" makes her jump and start howling at it, then going crazy attacking. Worth every penny already.
  5. Made her watch us put poop in the box.

4204	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Seriously! These cannot be destroyed.  I have two large sheepadoodles. They cannot destroy these balls! They love to play with them.
being able to keep the electronic cat box clean and working
4134	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	The launcher is nice, and does the job, but the ball is useless if your dog is a chewer.
7761	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have at least 6 of these and our 3 dogs share them.  It's one of their favorites. (2 Golden Retrievers and one grouchy old mixed breed)
7071	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	boys like it, but the cans are not cleanable.  you waste expensive food and have to rinse down the drain.  Does anybody have better ideas?
I didn't know what to think when I first saw it..seemed cheap hard plastic, but it's really great.
1347	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This ball  gets lots of interactive play at our house.  We try to keep at least one  available at all times for retrieving.  Our Westie absolutley loves this ball. It is definitley made to be an interactive toy.  Dogs have a tendancy to chew this toy into pieces, so be careful about leaving the ball out unless playing with your pet.
4514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I exercise a pack of German Shepherds with this.  They love it.  The tennis like ball that came with it lasted about5 throws before they had it chewed in half but the chuckit balls that fit it (I use large size) seem like they will last as long as anything does with those big teeth.  I can give the dogs quite a work out throwing the balls about a hundred yards up a steep hill, in rapid fire if you have enough balls and the dogs are trained to drop them when they return.  So easy and effective and no more dog slime (well, I do have to hose off the launcher and chuckit balls).  Just make sure you get balls to big for your dog to swallow.  I have two friends who each lost a GSD to swallowing a too small ball.
7887	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Really cute but kind of hard for my small dog. Got scared of him breaking a tooth on it but now he sits on my counter and it looks pretty cute.
6375	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My two boxers love it.
1567	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased these four times. My puppy loves them and it keeps him from chewing on everything else in the house.
9460	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of our pup's favorites.  Definitely recommend.
1534	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	When you order a plush toy from the Jellycat brand, you ALWAYS get what you pay for, so no price is unfair. I started collecting the bunnies a couple years ago when I came across them in the store. I thought they were the cutest things I've seen in a while and it's been a wrap ever since.

Still fleas.
8853	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great way of quickly getting sweet potatoes into dog without having to keep a can open.

8538	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Gretchen liked these just fine
9270	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	love this brand
4324	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Inexpensive ball chucker that will save your arm when your pup wants to play ball for hours.
It's really hard to tell in terms of energy level and the like what effect the food is having but there's no reason to think there's any downside to it. The vet hadn't heard of it when we first asked but the owners of the doggy hotel had and said owners reported similar results.  I won't get into unnecessary detail but in terms of digestion, there aren't any problems that we've encountered we have in the past.
My electronic calendar holds more information so I just use this as a easy reminder to carry with me.  Most of us have smart phones that also track our appointments.
5447	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are my dogs' favorite toy...chuck it balls are more important to them than food. The launcher help me throw the ball farther ,and keeps my hands from getting super slimmy
1810	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great item
8619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog absolutely LOVES these nylabone dinosaurs. I think we are on our 8th one in the past two years. It takes her at least a month or two to get to a point where it is not recognizable anymore.
3588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great came fast and I have already ordered my second box!
903	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I make my own envelopes, and this is great to use to ship my products that I make and sell from my etsy store at

8667	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pet loved these so much that we ended up getting one for all of our friends dogs as well. Great toy for chewers!
Easily replaceable scratch pad, that can be made extra fun with catnip!
4192	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Whaaaaaaat? Four balls for this cheap? Really I just had fun throwing all 4 on the ground and kept commanding my dog to pick all of them up at once. She tried for a while and it was kinda funny.
516	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This seems to be working on both my dogs teeth.  I see an improvement and I've only been using it for about 2 weeks.
EDIT:
1677	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	when i pull out this toy.. my dog goes bonkers .. great for building drive.. or just for fun


6181	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pros:

It is worth mentioning that no other animals had access to the area, including humans.  The box was flat on the floor.  There was no where for it to fall, and absolutely nothing in the vicinity to fall on it.  We are not subject to significant seismic activities.  There were no crop circles in the yard.  Just cats.  Cats with too much time on their hands, and an attitude towards robotic litter boxes.
1575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I like the no mess and the dogs love it, even my cat eats them.  Like that it's all natural too.
Corine
Average life - 2 weeks with my Greenwing Macaw; 3months with my Blue and Gold Macaw
2193	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Very cute toy! My Min-Pins had this toy tore up within a day! Has a lot of squeaker which my dogs loved but it did not last the day.
3250	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We used this originally for our Australian Shepherd, who suffers from fear aggression and anxiety, but we decided to try it on our Border Collie/Great Pyrenees cross who developed severe allergic itching. It not only helped settle our Aussie (along with her Babble Ball) when we were at work, but it helped our Pyc with her itching somewhat until her allergy tests came back and the vaccine was manufactured. It also helps our older Border Collie sleep at night while she is on Prednisone for an immune disorder. I think for the price, it's worth a try if you need to calm a dog on a temporary or occasional basis. I hope it will also help my Aussie when the next thunder storm comes along.
1473	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Slim, light and to the point.  It has a 2016 calendar with the ability to take notes daily as well as notes in the corner and in the back.  Writing space is pretty large.  It is decent and good for someone that needs to have access to a minimal amount of daily notes.  If you need something more you will probably need a bigger notebook.  It is less then 1/4 inch deep or 1/2 cm.  My only issue was how it was mailed.  It came rolled up.
646	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Squeak, squeak, grr, grr, squeak.
6605	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this stuff. He is a picky eater and under weight for his age. This helps him to put on size and entices him to eat.
620	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A lot of wood should last awhile. But just a bunch of 2 by 3s cut on a angle . Very easy to make yourself with a miter saw .
3917	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased these thinking that they were the usual hard rubber balls and was shocked to discover that they are covered in cloth. I like the rubber ones because they are easy to clean. These just trap the dirt.  So, you need to know that these are covered in cloth, before you make the same mistake. Buy the rubber ones, they last forever and are more sanitary....
Yes, it is somewhat heavy and bulky but it's strong and sturdy. After a little bit of practice, my dog was fine going up and down. Now that it's part of our regular "ride" routine, she runs right up it. Sometimes she doesn't wait until I've put it in place properly, but thanks to those rubber feet, it still doesn't move.
9765	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This seems like a pretty good litter box. A litter box is a litter box; this is nothing fancy. However it is way too big for a kitten, which is what I bought it for. I don't know if the little guy will even be able to climb into it. Somehow I missed the word "Giant" right there in the product name haha. My fault. No worries, I am saving this for when the kitten grows up, or I will just use it for my cat. Just note that this is probably not good for kittens, if you're an idiot like me and read reviews but not the actual product description
9091	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	The title of this comment say it all.
4623	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Took our Pup out twice this past weekend to the park. I can throw the balls a long way which he loves. I like that I don't have to bend over to get the balls, I can just snatch it up. Tennis balls work with it just as well. Would recommend highly for someone wanting to play ball with their dogs.
9698	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog had no interest
1746	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why my dog loves this so much...but he does! Nothing cuter than a 70# hound snugglung with his Lambchop!
6982	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	my cats like it
7049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	As you can imagine, it is hard to find any single cat food brand that 5 cats like at the same time. We literally had bowls of dry food everywhere. My 5 senior cats actually seem to like the NUTRO MAX CAT Senior Dry Cat Food. They are eating less of their "wet" food and there seem to be fewer hairballs since we changed over to it. My husband is in charge of cleaning the litter boxes & he says that the cat poops are more compact & less stinky.
1706	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my dog's new favorite toy

1342	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Some dogs go absolutely crazy for this funny little ball.  It's the favorite toy for a Coton de Tulear I know.  When I throw it, he'll chase it over and over and over again.  He loves the larger version even more because it has louder "giggles" and he'll actually stand on it and twirl it over and over like a circus dog!  It's hilarious to watch him have so much fun.  The sound that comes out of this silly ball makes me laugh and I've seen many dogs "laugh" at it as well.  It can be a very addictive toy and it's a wonderful interactive toy that will give you lots of time to play and bond with your dog.
Caution! Do not try this at home. Do not use with already deranged felines!

Overall, I have owned several of these.  Eventually, they start to look bad on the exterior and the zipper will fail.  That's really all I can say about it.
1801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogo loved her wammy.  Wammy was short lived as dogo tore her stuffing out.  Please don't let dog use unsupervised as this toy contains stuffing.
4079	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Nice toy. Good size tennis ball for my 15-lbs dog. The weave of the felt is tight enough that he cannot "skin" the ball as quickly as he can other tennis balls. May be too small for any dog larger than ours. Only drawback: they are quite heavy. May be best an as outdoor-only toy, as they seem like they would do damage to indoor spaces.
5011	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for my little dog.
5674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are PERFECT with my new Paraffin Bath. I ordered this and the Paraffin Bath from the same seller. I am really pleased with my purchases.
9865	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fresh Step recently changed their cat litter and the scent is far too strong. So I decided to change cat litters and get Super Scoop litter instead. I've been very pleased with it so far and the scent to me smells like baby powder. Very mild and not overwhelming for kitties and me. This litter is more expensive but I find it is more pleasant to use. I also find this is not as dusty when I'm filling the litter boxes. Also the scent doesn't travel to other rooms every time the cats use the box like the Fresh Step did. So I'd say this is worth the price and works well.
3559	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best product out there

- the side is a bit too high (doesn't really have a lower side for easier entrance), obviously the cat can jump in, but I think it creates negative experience for her (at least for my cat) that it requires some "work" to go to the bathroom (as in, she can't just casually walk in)
4555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Not sure they could mess up this product. Works great, durable and does it's job.
9330	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Happy Dog
3691	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have a couple Labradors.  these are great for larger dogs....  I haven't purchased any other poo-bag brands for a couple years now..
1555	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent backpack. Never had one that was made this well.
6585	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	this stuff really works for elderly dogs with severe arthritis and displaysia, they are able to walk better afte a few weeks of taking it
4790	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This one is better for the Kong's, and they sail!
8129	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pup loves them!
4919	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is wonderful! This allows me to "throw" the ball three times further and gives my dog a great work-out in half the time! I HIGHLY recommend this for dogs that love to play ball and need to burn off some extra energy!
6676	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this stuff. Just won't eat the Wellness dry. A bit pricey tho but like the Vet says, Pay now or pay later with my dogs health.
The orange ball is very high contrast with most surfaces, especially grass and makes it easy to see. Especially for us red/green colorblind folk.
7892	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My parents were having issues getting their Yorkie to eat Wellness dry and so was I with my Yorkie. They would eventually eat, but it was dragging down their routines. According to the Whole Dog Journal, Wellness Canned Dog Food Chicken and Sweet Potato Recipe is a great food for your dog. The article stressed how gone are the days where wet food was worse for a dog than dry. As long as it's a good, quality food, the wet is actually better for dogs than the dry. I mix the wet with the dry and our Yorkies lap it down quick. I can also hide my Yorkie's morning pill with it and she doesn't realize she's taking her medicine.
4823	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	works good be he wants me to throw the launcher
If you are thinking about buying an automatic litter box I would suggest you buy the Scoop Free instead of this one.  With the ninety-day money-back guarantee you have nothing to loose and I believe you will not want to return it.
740	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Lovely heavy card stock.  Makes a nice impression.  Heavy envelopes also.  CroninCards makes very nice designs.  I have used their cards in the past and always receive compliments.
3619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the deep gloves. Heavy duty and thick.

4748	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No more touching a slobbery ball.
4212	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Chuck it! Is the best fetch product out there!!

3644	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	convenient to use, less unpleasant than the other varieties, well worth the price
9222	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product
The only quibble I have is that it's really hard to find 2" replacement balls. As far as I can tell, only chuckit makes balls in that exact size and they're really hard to find in stores near me.
It's a good product if you have a food-neurotic cat. It's also going to be nice for when I have to go away on weekends.
8135	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product and good service.
346	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	best product ever for ticks and fleas.  Warning, it did make my friend's dog quite ill, so beware.  I have not had any problems with 3 of my dogs. Glad I found this on a deal, cuz the price can be high
I have tried several 2016 planners and this one is my favorite so far, even more so than several with fancy bindings.  This one is the most compact and functional for a full page planner.  So this product is definitely worthy of consideration.
3589	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly.  Never torn.
9029	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great value. Fish love it.  Best price that I've found
6615	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I was surprised my kittys didn't like this too much
1195	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Since it "clicked" a week after bringing her home, our 9 week old puppy has not missed her LitterMate automatic cleaning kitty litter box (with whole wheat litter).
1398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my needs. I only like to use monthly view calendars with squares big enough to write a few notes on the days. I always have a hard time finding a simple, no frills calendar book with just monthly views without the daily or weekly calendar included. Most are "pocketbook" size and I find them to be too small. Love the extra note pages, the elastic to band the book closed, and the little pocket in the back cover. Unlike another reviewer mentioned, the dates in my calendar are all correct.  A great product!
8795	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My big chewers really like this one-it's one of the few indestructible (really) chews that I can give them
So how does it pass on the taste test?  Very good!  It has small, uniform little bites... about 1/4" wide and 1/8" thick... good for large or small dogs.  And it was gobbled up super quick with no complaints... a definite A+ there.  It smells fine too... yay for that!




3798	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This stuff smells fresh and clean and it works great to get out piddle stains and smells on my carpet.
Many users say they can't remove ticks until after they have fed, I did not experience this. I can remove new ticks as easily as fed ones.
429	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This has worked great! I have had it on my dog since Oct and haven't seen a bug on him.

6334	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My cat sniffed it.. looked at me and walked away. he will not eat this at all!
7714	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Our dogs absolutely love these!  They do tend to get a little sharp after they have been chewed on for a while, which can be a hazard when you accidentally step on it.  They are fairly durable for our two strong chewers and get a lot of use.
7300	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cat likes it.
588	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a favorite of my CAG - he chew the cardboard first - as far as he can reach then starts on the wood - which he loves - he's a shredder big time!
I'm re-posting about a year later.  My cat, Kitten Kaboodle, started reacting strongly to this drug so I switched to Frontline, and he's better with that.  And, a generic version of Frontline is out now.
I feed my cats this once per day and raw meat once per day.  I have an electric grinder and grind chicken thighs, meat and bone (skin removed).  They get chicken 5x/week, ground turkey 1x/week, and lamb 1x/week or freeze dried rabbit (from Amazon also).  This combo of Wellness and raw meat gives these results:  very little shedding, extremely silky soft shiny fur, rarely a fur ball thrown up (once every other month) for short-haired cats.  My deceased medium-haired cats had fur balls once/month.  PLUS, their poop has barely any odor.  I have to look in the litter box to see if they pooped.  Dry food, even grain free, causes larger, stinky stool.  As well as excess fat.  And can lead to diabetes because of the carbs, which is just sugar to our cats.  Surprisingly, many cats live to 20 and over on a dry food diet.  Thanks for reading!
8765	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Measurements were off and I could not fit a small pan into it
The ingredients are pretty good, with meaty (non grain/carb) materials high up on the list, so I can worry a bit less about my furbabies getting a carb overload or risking diabetes.
6175	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use.  The hardest part is getting the pet to hold still, as it is with anything you are trying to do to them.  My wife and I both have problems with our hands, but found this style of tick remover to be the easiest to use.
9283	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always happy with kong products!
5812	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Unlike most cars and trucks, this is a huggable stuffed toy which a baby who always stops for fire trucks would like.  But "Bronx Toys" is in name only.  The company is in Long Island and the toy is "hand made in China", which, considering how cheap it is, raises concerns about how little the hand-makers are being paid.
1755	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Was a big order but this item was not included
6285	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog will only eat this brand.

And, get this. The smell stays in the bag because they are heavy. I've had many different brands, always have had dogs, and these are lifesavers. The best, worth every penny and dollar.
1905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog loves him
4141	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous product.  Very sturdy.  Throws far.

6480	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My kitty loves these and having this shipped makes life much easier on my back
9207	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 11 month old cat loves this thing! She was a little unsure about it at first but after a couple days, she was scratching it and playing with the ball, saving my carpet and curtains from further harm.
4749	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Tennis balls fit well, handle gives my throw some distance.
Much prefer Feline Pine - and not one of the off-brands - have found that the Feline Pine brand is much superior in absorption and odor control - just wish Amazon would offer it in Subscribe and Save.
6234	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This food was on several lists of quality dog foods. Our dogs love it and I like the convenience of having it delivered.
1769	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Multipet meaning more than one dog or dogs and cats... I know my little dog loves it and wouldn't share. It's larger than his old one because I didn't read the description well enough but he still loves it and carries it around, squeaking it.
4526	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My big pooch loves this bigger sized ball and the launcher helps me to throw it a long way to keep him running.  I also really like that I can pick up the ball with the launcher from the ground and don't have to bend over or tough a yucky dirty ball.
9715	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Okay, but small for giant dog.
First off, the bone is HARD.  Very, very, very hard.  There is no give in this item, at all.  Based on my past (positive experiences) I just assumed this was a tough item but had some give like all of their other products I've used.  For a week or so, Peach didn't show any interest in the thing, it just sat.  After a while it somehow peaked her curiosity and she chewed it every night.  I kind of worried because it was so hard but she loved it and didn't seem to be hurting herself, so I let her stick with it.
6238	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This litter is a GREAT option for my foster kittens because the large size of the pellets keeps the playpen easy to clean!
2152	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog's favorite toy
662	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My daughters cats (4) loved them. My cat, not so much, but she prefers things she steals off my desk, anyway. So I would have to say they are a hit with normal cats.
Recently, we purchased a couple of cans of MAX CAT at a pet specialty store. Surprisingly, all three of the beggars chowed it down to the glaze on the dish.
9049	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My indoor, feral, calico, aged 16, recently stopped eating.  I had tried every premium cat food, only to have her reject it.  Yes, I brought her to the vet.
6109	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I personally like this product. It is durable, folds, and has multiple uses. Our dog does not know how to go up step that are terazza. She bonny hops up the 5 stairs, but I am concerned when she is older, she will not be able to get the push from her back legs. I followed the advice that came with the ramp. We put it flat in front of her food dish. Within a day, she was willing to walk on it and go back and forth. Then I put it on a set of steps outside and within one day she would go up if she got a treat in the end. Then I put it on the steps we bought it for and as yet, she will not use it there. However, I am not giving up. She is still young and eventually I hope to get her to use it. In the meantime, I have it near the area and have her use it on a less angled surface. I think the ramp is a good product but it does not come with a dog trainer!
1075	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My personal opinion is that the plastic frame tubing is horribly cheep and fragile. I am a big DIY and have a lot of finesse putting things together and 2 of the plastic pipes spit in assembly with almost no force from me. The plastic tubing doesnt hold together at all. When you try to take the plastic/vinyl cover off to change the litter half of the frame pulls off with it. You basically have to reassemble the whole thing every time you change your litter.
3211	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These treats work well to calm down my extremely active puppy! Needed just a little more than recommended.
1501	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a terrific dog food.  My Shih Tzu loves it!  I like the fact that it is grain free and has plenty of protein.  She must go for the Lamb flavor because this food is gone as soon as it hits the bowl.  Nutro is a good company.  I have used some of their other products.  I think you can trust their products to be high quality.  My little dog is very picky, so if she hates it, I end up throwing it out.  She loves this brand.  If you spoil your dog, this is a good brand for you.  Our dog is like family, so I am extremely particular about what I feed her.  I would highly recommend this dog food.
2455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs all love this toy so much, I've ordered multiples to give as gifts.  Sturdy and nice size for my Briard.  Lasts a very long time, but my dogs are not destructive.  If your dog rips toys, this is not for you.
1688	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great toy! My Dachshund loves tearing it apart.
6611	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The person at Petsmart recommended this stuff. We bought it on Amazon because it's cheaper. I mix a heaping tablespoon of this in with my puppy's dry food (Solid Gold little boss puppy food - also highly recommend) and my puppy loves it. This is a reputable brand and their food contains good ingredients, which is important to me because there is a lot of crap out there.
2964	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My 19 lb. Boston Terrier loves stuffed toys, but only to pull out the stuffing. So, I usually buy stuffing less toys. I decided to give this toy a try based on reviews about how tough it is. Well an hour later the toy is destroyed.
TO MY SURPRISE THIS NON SQUEAKING basically well made GIANT tennis ball - WAS LIKE A NEW WORLD OF EXCITEMENT.
6684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats ate it fine
4203	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these and they seem durable!
8373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	He Loves it.. and I do to.. just right for our dog with allergies.
870	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My aged Yorkie eats Nutro's Grain Free Lamb without problem.  Since experiencing severe skin issues last year, I've switched him to grain free products and his skin has cleared up.  Nutro's version doesn't smell or look as appetizing to me as the product I've been buying at PetSmart, but I'm not the one eating it! Since trying this product, there's been no occurrance of skin issues, though my dog's weight has crept up a bit and I've had to cut back a bit on the amount.  The ingredients seem to be sound nutirion.  Nutro's products are expensive, but if your dog has skin allergies, you may want to go grain free.  It's less expensive than vet bills!
3351	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This year I decided to go cheap and purchase a less expensive brand of flea control... well I certainly paid for it with a nice infestation of fleas, even on my inside cat! I went back to this more expensive (but certainly more reliable) brand and the fleas have completely gone. I noticed with the cheaper brands they have a lot of liquid and it takes forever for the big greasy spot on the back of the cat's neck to try. How unsightly! But with this I couldn't even tell if I was putting any on them, it was so discreet. I will definitely be sticking with this from now on.
7208	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My English Bulldog is a heavy chewer.  I love Nylabone products because she can either: a) chew on them forever without destroying or b) if she does destroy it, it takes a long time!  This toy has not disappointed.  We've had it about 3 months now and she hasn't gotten any big pieces off yet. The reason I dropped it a star is because she just doesn't pull it out of the toy box everyday like most of her other Nylabone toys.  I'm not sure if she doesn't like the flavor, the texture, or shape but she only chews on it about twice a week vs. everyday.

6455	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We're big fans of the shredded chicken blend as it has a smaller percentage of "processed meal" in it. We've been using chicken and rice because it has not caused digestive problems, so why change a good flavor. Dog's don't need variety.
A quick tip is to use a cardboard box layered with paper or card-stock when spraying. This prevents the spray from getting on other objects or furniture and also gives a two for one as you get some interesting looking paper in addition to the item you are spraying. Another tip is that the large drops normally emerge within the first three sprays so if you are trying to avoid a splotchy look use the spray on paper first before spraying your object.
3186	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have tried a few different treats to help our pup with car sickness but either they didn't really work well or she didn't like them even if we mixed with her favorite food. These were really a lifesaver! As we prepared for a 1500-mile move in a U-Haul truck these were our last hope and thank goodness they work like a charm! Plus, she LOVES them and will even beg for them! During our 4 days crammed in the cab of our U-Haul she stayed can and relaxed and did not throw up at all... Not once! And that is great since any car ride over 20 minutes almost always resulted in her throwing up. We did use this in combination with a "Motion Sickness for Dogs" oil blend but there have been times we have used these treats without the oil and she has still done great. We will ALWAYS have these on hand!!!
9499	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this. My dog loves to chew on soft squishy things but not the antlers and bones I get him to clean his teeth. He does chew on this and it seems to be working. He teeth look much better.
8282	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Excellent deal. Will buy again.
So, that's good to know. In a pinch, my cats can poo in high fiber, low-fat litter...and I can have lunch. Not necessarily in that order.
6511	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My cat didn't like the consistency of pate. I had to exchange it for chicken bits, which she likes. I rated it two stars not because it's a bad product, but because my cat didn't like it.

6176	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product, although I haven't had to use it yet, it is great to have on hand!!
8105	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	DOG SAYS WOOF
4458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I haven't used it yet, but for this price it is well worth it. I could have bought a couple more for the price it is selling for at the pet stores I've been to.
I took her to the vet that week reference something else and they  did routine blood work, X-ray her abdomen and  discovered she was loaded with mineral deposit looking chips. He said he has seen it in dogs that eats bones. Well my dog does not ever. I was away for a day with a sitter watching her so I assumed she has somehow gotten into something the sitter didn't catch.
In the end, it's a little costlier than low end dog food but our dogs absolutely love this stuff. Moreover, it ends up being cheaper b/c we don't need to mix in any canned food or anything else.  They love this stuff so much we jokingly call it puppy crack.  Anecdotal evidence isn't pretty weak and our sample size isn't huge, but 7 of our dogs have shown absolutely consistent love for this stuff.  It's pricey, but IMHO, it's worth every penny.
9090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have five cats and they all enjoy Friskies.  They prefer the shredded to this but will eat this.
4318	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for what we needed! Thank you!
8123	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	dog seems to like it.
9170	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love this toy.
Please don't waste your money on this product!
8092	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These basted biscuits are by far the BEST!  My two min pins love them and they are even good for them with added vitamins!  No by product meal.....just meat and chicken meal, which means a higher protein content.  The biscuits are nice and hard for help in keeping their teeth clean and shiny! At only $1.59 per lb I figured I'd try one box and I am so satisfied with my purchase I just ordered another box to keep on hand.  Made in the USA too!
5973	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this automatic feeder in an attempt to feed my cats a small amount in the middle of the night (to keep them from waking me up).  There were two problems with this: 1) due to the fact that this rotates based on hours rather than at a specific time, I had to set it at exactly the right moment either 6 or 12 hours from the time I wanted it to feed.  I could never set it at 24 hours because I never was awake enough at that time of night to fool with the darn thing. 2) it did not rotate reliably.  Even when it was set for the right time, it often simply didn't rotate.  Generally speaking, I don't recommend this product as it could not serve my purposes.  I have not tried another brand yet so I don't know for sure if there is one that is more reliable - I just know this one didn't fit the bill.
7674	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A+
chicken from most of his patients diets, he's actually lost revenue because so
5307	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Always a staple for any fun dog play session.
Overall, a good food that the dogs like and providing value for the price.
5267	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and the other greedy pushy dogs at the park love this.  I'm no ball player so when I throw a ball for those furry moochers it doesn't go far then they give me those sad eyes so I got this little pistol.  Ha, I rule those poop monsters now.  I will say if you use this a lot in one day, your arm is gonna flipping hate you the next day (and the day after that as well)  but the dogs will love you.
9723	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cats love it and it has the best quality ingredients.
4855	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Makes playing outside with my dog so much more enjoyable! Great product!
9878	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat loves it. Would definitely recommend. Loves the cat nip too.
2898	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Well worth the money..........
8181	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Great dog toy!
3638	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these are great, you can pick up multiple piles with one bag too, and your hand is completely protected.
3530	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are THE BEST doggie poop bags anywhere!  I have a LARGE dog; you can imagine the rest of this statement.....the GREAT thing about 'Mutt mitts' is that they are DOUBLE STRENGTH and thickness where your hand is picking up the doggie do-do!  These are the best, most durable and thickest bags I have found...I've bought them for 3 years, and their thickness (weight) has not changed....amazing!!!
7040	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	She loves it. Made in the US.
4785	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the dog at the Country Club where I worked so we could play in the morning before work. He's a "goose chaser" dog. Yes, they spent 22k dollars on a dog to chase geese when my dog would have done it for free, but whatever. Should have rescued a dog. Little did I know that this would reignite Jock's lovely little quirk where he likes to steal golf balls after people have hit them and then they wonder why they can't find him and there goes a 22k dollar border collie running far, far away from them and they never see their ball again. Sorry, not sorry. I bought a glow in the dark ball to go with this because it's still dark in the AM and Jock can see it. But, we had to stop playing because he relapsed and started stealing a plethora of balls again. I don't regret it.
4307	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Easier on the arm,  and bending over , the launcher helps for picking it up to if your dog lets you. Sturdy and comfortable  to use.

5634	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our Yorkie lives for her toys  She will chase her ball all day if you let her.  We take her to the beach a lot so her tennis balls get pretty wet and sandy YUCK.  The chuckit ball is fantastic for the beach, you can throw it in the water or on the beach and it stays clean.  I also love that it comes in smaller sizes for little dogs. We've bought the smaller tennis balls for her but they get chewed up to quickly.  She can't chew up and destroy the chuckit ball : )  and I love that.  Also its amazing to me how little effort it takes to throw the ball so far.  My favorite ball is the glow in the dark ball.  We use that every morning since we go to work at 3 am and when I walk her that early she doesn't lose track of the ball  This is really the best toy/product that we've ever gotten for our dog
5547	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is probably one of the best inventions for playing fetch, especially with larger dogs that love to run. It's really easy to learn how to use and works great for throwing the ball much farther than I could ever throw it by hand. The plastic grip is durable and has survived my dogs chewing. And the ball is durable.
5619	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I love seeing who can launch the ball the farthest for our springer spaniel. I can barely get the ball from the pitching mound to home plate, so this thing saves my arm from having to repeatedly throw the ball short distances for the energetic dog.
As a group dog class instructor, this has become an invaluable tool for me. I can hook my demo dog to me, and gesture with my hands while giving demonstrations, without one of my hands being tied up holding a leash.
7751	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a dog who is on a purine restricted diet and as a consequence should not eat meat products.  She can have a little whitefish now and again, and she loves sweet potatoes, so this food is a winner for her.  I'll put up with the stink because she does well on this food and enjoys it; my other dog, without any medical issues, enjoys it too.  The food isn't cheap but good quality stuff never is.
5121	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Received quickly. Works well?
2965	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Okay KONG is known for creating some pretty tough, ready to take wear and tear items.
8493	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Dog wouldn't touch this. Spits them out even if given as treats.
I've done a lot of research on food before adopting her and we're VERY happy with the quality from Wellness! May I also add they have great reviews on Dog Food Advisor. I also introduced my Veterinarian's office to Wellness because they were impressed with the quality of our furkid's coat!

8617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm currently switching my dog over to science diet.  It smells better than the food she currently eats and I know it'll be good for her body and coat.
This is my fourth, but only because the narrow neck doesn't hold up to the dog grabbing it with enthusiasm.
4988	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	We had the same size Chuckit! launcher, but our puppy got a hold of it so we had to get a new one.  This one looks the same, but it doesn't quite throw the same.  Not sure if this is an older version, but there's something different about it that makes it different to throw and we don't really like it.  We may try to buy another one from the local pet store to see if that's like the one we had before.

2614	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our puppy loves this toy.  He sleeps with it in his crate.  He has chewed, tugged and dragged it all over the place for 2 weeks and so far no visible damage.  He seems proud of himself when he sets off the "Oooh Nooooo!" sound.  I am going to buy another one as insurance, because eventually even a well made toy like this will come apart.
3624	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	No better product for pickinv up poo lol...
690	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very effective for breaking HUGE chunks off mini pig hooves (I get a lot of rescue with inches of overgrowth). Need two hands to wield and anyother person to hold the hoof in place. I recommend a shorter pair if single handed trimming is desired.
But so does my friends 2 dogs...
I have tried more expensive can foods and saw no change in their reaction.  If I was only feeding wet food I would probably ind a better quality one.  As I do a mix, I am comfortable that they are getting the nourishment they need.
9122	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs have allergies and these are great for both of them but I see the price has went from $4.49 to $7.99 that's a big difference
9796	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Nice size bits, hoping for great color in appearance of fish ...
8787	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I foster puppies for a local shelter and they absolutely love this food, and their stool stays firm with it which it doesn't with other brands I have tried.  Glad science diet finally  came out with a canned version for puppies that aren't abe to chew the dry yet.
839	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	good quality
1880	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Super cute!
7221	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good product for heavy chewers.  I have a black lab that has gone through a few of these but she loves them and doesn't chew up anything else in our house.  We do toss them out when they get smaller.  Worth the $$$

3990	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	loves it
4359	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can throw 4 times farther and my arm never hurts. My retrievers get way more exercise this way.
6675	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love this size for puppy. We keep kibble out all the time, feed a small amount of wet food in the evening. With a small puppy I appreciate these smaller cans. And my husband found lids to fit . Great product, the puppy loves it. She is healthy and we want to keep her that way. We feed wellness to all our pets.
4560	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Thank you for saving my arm Chuckit!  Works like a charm!  Both dogs (Labs) absolutely love it!  As soon as I pick it up, they are on the hunt for their tennis ball!
2017	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what it is, but my dog is OBSESSED with lambchops- I've gotten her these dolls since she was a few months old, and it's always the first toy she grabs from her box. If your dog is a chewer, this toy isn't going to last long though. Love it, and the price!
89	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This product is fantastic. I use it for steaks also, to make sure they are cooked just right. I have had this product for several years and the battery is still good. I wanted to get one for my son, but I can't find it anywhere online. Amazon doesn't have it and doesn't know when they will again. Even the AcuRite website doesn't have it. I guess it was discontinued. How can you discontinue such a great item?
6890	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great Product! Fast shipping!
8928	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of my dogs liked these treats, and the other one didn't. Granted, the one who didn't like them was the one who is picky about his treats and only eats the soft ones lol. If you have a dog that doesn't mind crunchy treats, I think they will like these :)
6893	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my cats love this stuff,, bowls allways empty after feeding time.great price point too

3783	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pretty easy to install, although the wingnuts are a tad large and make tightening difficult. But made it's made in China, so they aren't very big on making things with the customer in mind.
6525	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Okay, I will start off with if I was using this for a cat, I wouldn't like it, as it's not easy to scoop.  However, I use it for bunny litter.  Yes, my rabbit is litter trained (and it was as easy as litter training a cat).  Rabbits aren't supposed to have cedar shavings and so this makes a great litter for rabbits.  There's no dust and it's very absorbant.  I do wish it was easier to scoop as it's be nice to scoop out the poop without changing the entire litter, but what can I say?
2738	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	definitely small!  i have a 25 lb puggle and its almost too small for him, but does come with a replaceable squeaker
2006	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Firstly, we're on about our fourth 'Lamby'.  No fault of our sweet terrier mix - The minute Lamby is brought 'Back To Life', i.e., bought again, we play keep away from the Lab.  With three dogs, the third being a Pit Rescue who thankfully is only interested in hard toys, it can get 'Interesting' when it's New Toy Day.
This ramp not only has a great non-slip surface, its durable.  I mean of a 160 lb Saint Bernard can use it and its still in tact....then nearly any dog can use it.  This ramp is also easy to unfold and carry.  I also like how the edge is cupped so it holds better to the end of my truck.  Its also wider than the other ramps I have purchased or seen before.  It also comes with a 5 year warranty.
8414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	nice small training treats
7374	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I've had so many of these over the years!  Every dog I've given one of these to loves it, including my 30 pound dog and my mom's 60 pound dog.  All of the shaped are good, but the stegosaurus has been the most popular from what I've seen.
4869	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Until you have one, you won't know much you needed it.  When I first saw people using them at the dog park, I thought they were ridiculous.  But now?  I don't leave home without it.  No more slobbery, disgusting balls, and I can throw them much farther.  Simple as that.
4554	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love to plat fetch, but they also drool a ton. This allows me to play without my hands being covered in slobber. Such a great price! We ordered 3 and donated 2 to our Local shelter.
8128	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our very chewy dogs love these and don't destroy them! Lots of nubs and strange areas for them to chew on. They want these over any "bones" we buy. Great for larger dogs or ones who demolish things in seconds.
5808	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I ordered and used used these napkins for my pup's first birthday. Several owners and their dogs meet most Saturday and sometimes on Sundays in the morning. The dogs have a blast. So I threw a "paw-Ty" for my pup. The napkins are standard in quality but added to the "dog theme".  By the way the dogs didn't use them, the humans did with the refreshments I made for the owners. Enough said....
9367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat was having litter problems until we added second litter box adjacent to old one. This did the trick. Litter box is standard size but extra deep. Cat goes to this one first - probably because it is cleaner!
 Delivery was prompt and it beat having to haul the case of food home myself!
8524	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh my!  We got 28 goldfish in our 450 gallon tank pond and they turn into little piggies when we feed them with these sticks.  I've read some other reviews that say this food will tint your white fish a bit yellow.  I can say that yes some of my fish to get a yellowish tint, while some do not.  I am using less and mixing with other foods to reduce the yellowing.  Although I don't really mind and neither do the fish.
8418	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Ok puppy food. There is better on the market. Grain free is best for Golden Retriever puppies.
5088	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of money.
3224	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These work great. Not the first time I've purchased
7597	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	One of Daisy's Cat Rescue's go to foods for our fosters and feral cats.
1081	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I've had LitterMaids since they first came out, and had the very first LitterMaid privacy (and litter containing) tent. That tent has finally bit the dust - the fabric had been washed so many times that it was getting holes in the fabric. So I bought a new one. What an enormous mistake. The new ones do not fit the frame in any way, shape or form. I tapped all the connections with a hammer so that they were all tight, and then tried to put the tent on the frame - there is a 1 inch gap between the top and the bottom and they can't be zippered together!!! So I tried to massage it on - moved more fabric to the front, got the zipper started - and the zipper separated. Okay, put the zipper back together and try again - the slider became deformed and would no longer fit onto the zipper pin. The metal slider itself started to come apart. What a horrible piece of unmitigated JUNK. Don't waste your money unless LitterMaid announces a major redesign of their litter tents. It's sad, the first one was flimsy but worked great and fit properly. Someone, somewhere, cut a few too many corners on this product. The whole kit and caboodle is now residing in the trash.
1994	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Pepper loves this toy, we have gone through 6 of them.  Plays with them every day!
Now, every morning i throw this ball for 20 minutes outside with my dog. This is worth your money. Any dog owner that require a lot of exercise should buy this. A great investment.
1806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	She loves her lamb.
6452	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have two cats - one ignores this toy, and the other just loves to sit on top of it.  Neither one plays with the ball, which is kind of clunky and heavy.  If it were light and spun around, they probably would chase it.  It's a nice scratcher for their claws, though, and a great seat for one of them!  It is made well and is definitely worth the reasonable price!
927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I am a 42-year old woman and yes... I bought this for myself.  I cuddle him sometimes while I sleep.  If that's wrong, I don't wanna be right.  I have named him Ben and he is awesome.  He is VERY soft.  And I love that he's floppy -- the beanie things are all in his hands and feet and bottom.  So he sits just like this picture.  He is also very well made and has sturdy construction, for those of you thinking of purchasing him for a child.
CZ 455 LUX has a 20.6" barrel and 39" overall length.  This fits perfectly!
3652	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are terrific for the big dogs! Also can be used as an emergency drinking dish....yes, really! Great that they are biodegradable.
1773	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	A favorite.
8991	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best cat food available.  Made our cat's fur feel like a mink coat.
4257	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great! Works as described. Easy on the back, nombre bending over.
Here is the reason why I really really really love it.  IT DOES NOT MAKE A MESS.  Like I said before I purchased one from TJMAXX, which I still have btw and every time she scratches it she leaves cardboard pieces on my carpet. I do not know if it is cheap cardboard compared to this one but she has yet to make a mess from the new one.  Obviously I realize there will be when it is worn in. Till then I am 100% satisfied.
GREAT PRODUCT!!!  GREAT SERVICE!
1265	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves them and takes them with no problems.
5272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This was a donation
7442	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We buy both wet and dry and our dogs do well on it. Never an issue to date. I know wellness was bought out so we are looking at the labels with each shipment to make sure the ingredients / ratios don't change.
1458	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My 10 month old loves this dragon. It's soft, squishy, and doesn't shed. He's a happy baby!

I don't know what happened to the cartoon. Perhaps it fell to the floor and one of our cats ate it and later coughed it up as part of a hairball.
keep the unit set on a piece of old carpet, and keep a hand-vac  nearby. small granules make litter tracking a little more of an issue.
8703	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppies thrive on this food!
6080	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Very heavy and inconvenient ramp. My dog is 60lb and this ramp is heavier than her. The folding closure is very difficult to handle especially when it's so heavy. If we found out the issues earlier, I would've returned it. We started using it a while after we received it.
6521	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	so nice to use as litter, no dust and easy to clean up, soaks up odors well
UPDATE - changed rating from 1 star to 4:  Contacted company through Amazon.  Was told "Amazon shipped it."  Company sent me out another.  Put it in with finches and they love it.  It is light, has grooves for little feet/nails and is smooth and comfy.  Good product once I got a good one.  Thank you to Bird's Love.  Product would be a 5 star if not for getting a really bad one first.

Overall I like it; 4 stars because of the too long leash with poor shortening option. Would be helpful to have short leash (3 to 4 feet) option.
8067	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My kittens ate this, but preferred eating other food if given the choice.
2519	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	gets torn apart instantaneously, they should make it out of rubber! having the sound box in there is bad for the dog to chew....
9805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I can't even begin to descible how great this food is! Prior to getting Hill's Science, I was feeding my cat that junk/cheap food from the grocery store that was equivalent to eating air. That food never filled him up and I was always over feeding him while constantly waking up at 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning to feed him because his 9:00 pm feeding couldn't carry him through the night. While he never gained any weight from that method, it wasn't the best for either of us.
9689	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Does not contain the healthiest ingredients like the name would make you think.  I don't think I will purchase again.  My dogs were not crazy about it either.
4704	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Wish you could pick what color you want
3089	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I got this a while ago,I'm still using it as my dogs primary leash. It is very well made,lasts forever.
We have had one unit for about 18 months, and added a second recently.  Both work equally well.  We use plastic grocery bags in the collection box, which is easier than using the plastic boxes.  You may wish to add a timer to turn it off over-night, so it doesn't wake you.
9249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff
272	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It fit my dog perfectly. He finds it very comfortable to wear. Now I don't have to worry about people approaching him and him reacting! Thanks for making a great product!
5296	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Built for labradors and the people who love them. Woof.
6912	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have tried several brands of catnip bubbles, and only Kookamunga and the Petco brands caught my cat's interest. He likes both. The Petco bubbles have less smell (and therefore generate a little less cat interest) but the bubbles are sturdy enough not to pop the moment they hit the carpet. My cat prefers the Kookamunga catnip bubbles over all the rest. In fact, when he wants bubbles he taps the bottle (sitting a low shelf where he can reach it just for that purpose). I've bought two bottles TWICE and I'm getting ready to order more. If my cat likes it, then I'm happy. :)
9401	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing for the puppies but I think that is may hurt a little more for them since there are so many ridges. Also pretty hard to clean if anything gets on it while in the kennel but hey thats exactly what I ordered!
6297	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat LOVES this toy, and plays with it again and again. It's a little noisy for sleep hours, so we turn it upside down at night.
6426	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves this canned food.
My cats love the Pates! I wish this particular item would go back to being on Prime.
1818	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My pitbull loves Lambchop...it never lasts long. She loves the multiple squeakers. Doesn't last long but it's a fave!
7641	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats love this food. It's their all-time fav.
373	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My bulldog loves it I guess he's not scratching anymore
6788	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Used to like this product for our dog. Then it started coming in watery and she wouldn't eat it.

2401	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dogs favorite toy.
Our puppy was on this when we got her, we bought a small bag and slowly changed her food to the Diamond Naturals for Large Breed puppies, and the difference is fantastic.  We'll stick with the Naturals, and never have her go back to this variety.
Thank you for selling me a great product at a great price that actually works! I wanted to get a pic how sleek it looks on my dog but she never stops moving long enough
5820	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog lets me know  when it's time for her bone. Hope it's helping her joint pain.
5769	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I'm really enjoying this product. Unlike desk one's i've bought here before this is clearly good quality paper and I really like the little dotted lines in the days so that I can keep things neat looking. I'll definitely look for this brand again in the future.
7177	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality and grain free.  I know I am giving my felines good food, no leftovers.
Cleaned,washed, vaccumed spray with flea spray containing growth inhibiter
4551	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are so fun with your pup! The prices is right!
5008	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  Needed a new one to replace the old one I've been using, and which has been out in the sun forever.  Saves your shoulder... Recommended!
7777	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My little French bulldog loves to clean her teeth on these fun dental chews. Nice price for me too. A lot cheaper than the stores.
9019	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My chewer loves this!
2641	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately my dog destroyed this within 10 minutes of me giving it to her. Worst KONG product I've purchased.

3557	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My husband hates feeling the heat of the feces when  picking up poop, so I bought these. Now this is all I buy. It would be even better if it had a handle that you can tie and make for easier carrying when on long works or dog has multiple poops on the walk.
4861	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog and arm loves this. I get great distance and decent accuracy.
The tennis style ball that comes with it is not that long lasting (at least with a strong dog like we have), but the solid rubber balls that they sell work GREAT.
8819	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs loves these
- Launcher extends the arm so the dog sees better when the ball has actually been thrown
9837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat, surprisingly, likes this better than the brands at the store. He eats it right up. Good for him too! Also, this is WAY cheaper than PetSmart...They charge about $35 for a 16lb bag and this is way cheaper and with a coupon this time too.
5014	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fun little toy that saves my arm. Goes considerably farther and gives her a better work out than my whimpy arm ever would.
I couldn't wait to get one of these.  I had one indoor only cat when I finally got one.
5358	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LIVES for this toy. He will leap around just on the walk to the park knowing that toy is coming along. Great energy burner
Use less litter.....pan should have taller sides???  It may be more that he wants there to be no chance he will ever step on any of it and is ensuring that. So, I will just be thankful ..It is what it is.
9462	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog likes this food.  Small bites are easier for her to chew.  I am on the Amazon plan to get this every few months and I am happy not to have to carry the heave bag from the store.
If you can't: CLEAN-UP is still quicker, and easier than with ANY other pooper-scooper, but the poo may stick. (Just a warning.)
6651	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product!  My Jack Russell will be 18 in June and this is his supplement.
1166	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My Littermaid finally broke after 3 years. Pretty good lifespan I think.  I decided to try a different automatic box with a better design. Mistake.  I will go back to the Littermaid Mega that works consistently better than the others.  See all the tricks I've learned to make it a better box at the bottom of my review.
A great toy for the right dog.
1046	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I purchased with a Droll finch feeder and it's high quality.  It gets a 4 star instead of 5 because it's kind of small and does not catch as many seeds as it could if a little larger.
3648	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Although we have a lot of dog parks and dog poop bag stations near where I live, and the $1 store is always a great bargain, I realized quickly that just making do with free bags was not going to work with a 90 pound dog who is still growing.  The night that my nails tore through a paper-thin $1 store bag while picking up a giant pile of excrement was the night I purchased these bags and I am never looking back.  These bags are well worth the money and provide piece of mind that I will always have a sufficient and reliable bag with me, no matter what my dog squats down and provides on our walks.
629	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I received a tip while standing in line at the grocery store from other grandmothers who rave about these bounce and sit balls as a sure fire way to engage the interest of a grandchlid and tire them out so they will settle down at night and go to sleep. It works. Worth every penny. Easy to inflate. Durable
805	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My chi just loves these. She prefers that I break them up into smaller pieces as she can't quite manage to eat them whole. Great treats and she is very picky. Very.
5950	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	What a waste of money! The tray didn't move as promised and I was afraid my cat would miss meals. The tray would advance sometimes, but not consistently. Taking the unit apart to insert a battery is a pain. I returned my pet dish.
4737	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great product, came just as described.
30	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
409	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	i have been using these for several years. these are the best flea and tick collar i have ever seen!!!
9395	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My sheperd loves this. Very durable. He hasn't chewed any pieces off.
4449	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love the Chuckit! brand and we use this size thrower for our Border Collie. I've had this one for about a month. We use it daily, at least twice a day. I thought the ball that came with it would be dead by now but I'm pleased that it's still in one piece (we only play with it with the non-destructive dog, but occasionally the English Bulldog has gotten a hold of it). It's been through it all--mud, bodies of water, the English Bulldog's slobbery and destructive jaws. The thrower has also been through a bit, as our teacup poodle likes to grab the Chuckit! by the "neck" and "kill it" whenever we're grabbing the ball off the ground. It carries on.
- the whole thing feels cheaply made. The motor is week and the plastic is flimsy
4781	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Within five minutes I managed to launch the ball over my fence into oblivion. Works fantastic unfortunately I need to purchase more balls.
Adjustable or articulating lower half for use with sedan doors?

7827	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I think this is a great cat food and not to over priced. My cat really loves this food and is keeping him alive,he has kidney failure,I can't afford the vets food,this is the best I can do . It seems to be working
5422	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Awkward to use for petite women. It's only good use is retrieving the ball from the ground even then most basic tennis balls have a hard time fitting in the grip. The balls normally get stuck inside the thing and I have to wiggle it out a little before slinging it. Once I sling it the ball does not really go that far and looks ridiculous. I wouldn't purchase another toy like this.
4073	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love these products... And out chuck-it launcher... A solid company with solid products...

3642	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Needed for good doggie citizenship
6402	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My puppy loves this food!
5979	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We got this for our bunnies to feed them when we are gone. We've used this probably a dozen time, and every time I'm afraid it will malfunction so I have people come down to check on the bunnies but it always works! I did draw an arrow on it so i could figure out what way it turns - thus if I only want to fill up 1/2 the containers. It would be nice if it was made with the arrow - but a Sharpie works just as well.
4511	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great product
1239	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I bought my first littermaid about 4 years ago, have never regretted it.  It's much better than having to change a cat box and I don't have the cat box smell.  It is a little work to change the receptacles sometimes if they get too full, but I just dump the whole thing in a plastic grocery bag and take it out to th e trash.  I would recommend keeping your receipt and box in case you have problems.  They have a 1 year guarantee on them and I had to send mine back once because it quit working and they sent me a new one no problem.
4265	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog loves fetch and I am a huge fan of the Chuckit! launcher, however the tennis balls only seemed to last about a week tops.  The felt disintegrates and then the rubber ball splits into two pieces.  I thought this was just how life was going to be: forever buying these balls for our launcher.  Then a friend told me that they just use regular tennis balls so I tried it.  I bought a pack of 10 cheap-o tennis balls for the same price as I was paying for 2 Chuck it balls and three weeks later we're still using on our first ball- amazing!  It fits perfectly in the launcher and still has felt and bounce.  Thank you, Chuckit! for making the medium sized launcher a standard tennis ball size.  I will happily buy another launcher if my current one ever wears out, but I won't waste my money on these tennis balls.
Fetch is a lot more fun with the chucker, love it

5414	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is a great accessory for any dog family. Just stock up on tennis balls cause this think chucks them far. Whats nice is you can use anykind of tennis ball not just the chuck it brand ones.

779	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My red heeler loves these treats! I bought them originally because they're free from corn, wheat and soy, no artificial colors and preservatives, and no by-product meal, and I'll buy them again. They smell like bacon, look like bacon strips, but the dog's not talking as to what they taste like. I also like that I can break up a strip into thirds then into smaller pieces instead of having her glomming down on one large strip and it's then gone.
5553	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This allows me throw my dogs' favorite balls faster and farther then with my own arm.  The only problem is that one of my dogs thinks this is also a chew toy and chewed it up partially so I must be carefully to keep it our of reach when not in use.  I does take some force to release the ball when throwing it so my PK daughter is not able to use it even though she really wants to.  I still highly recommend this product.
6575	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The cats just love it and push each other around aggressively for it. That answers it..
When I have a sick cat (or dog!), this works very well. No "extra" chewing so even when they don't feel like eating, I can usually get them to swallow this as it's soft, juicy, and smells good (which I assume because all the animals come running and start yelling every time they even think I'm going to open a can).
5775	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This gets the most stubborn wounds to close up and heal.  It is stinky but worth using anyway.  Might be offensive near the face...
2817	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our 7.5lb dog LOVED this when we gave it to her for Christmas this morning! She had this same bear about 5-6 years ago, and it was one of her favorites. We threw it out when it got worn, and have had several different soft animals since then. I think she remembered her old bear, because she immediately favored this toy (we bought another animal too), and played hard until she tuckered herself out :)

8321	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a Prime Day deal. My koi absolutely love this food the best. And you can feed this in spring and fall if you live in colder areas, too. I've tried other foods, which they will eat, but if you want to see a feeding frenzy, feed this, om nom nom.
2464	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Awesome toy, quick shipping, only thing is, My Rat terrier destroyed it in two days......LOL, Her MO.  Thank you for a great product. LOVED IT!
7482	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	Opened one can- THE SMELL is TERRIBLE. Like spoiled fish.. The same food purchased from my local store doesn't smell like this. UGH! Stunk up the house, and my dog won't touch it. Something wrong!  My dog LIKED this stuff ---- but this batch must be funky.  Won't be buying it again, UGH. And it's slimy in texture- it just sat in my dog's bowl - he wouldn't go near it.  They changed SOMETHING.  ----- I am updating this review, because I just looked at the bottom of the cans. These are "Best by 11June16"
5500	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have a large black lab who is only 1 1/2 yrs old.  He has quite a bit of energy.  He loves this ball as much as I do.  He picks it up and carries it back with no problem at all so I don't have to keep bending over for a little ball.  I recommend this for everyone.  It is great.
4113	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	High quality balls. My dog will only chase a bright colored ball now, so had to buy this set. Easy to spot in all weather / conditions.
1406	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My calendars are an essential part of my life as I've gotten older. And, they allow writing on the date and notes on other pages.
6391	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have had him alittle sick with just flim but if it is changing .welll .... just would love to find something
4311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This thing REALLY launches the ball.  Saves me from having to bend over.  Picks up standard tennis balls.  Beware bc when I use it in my yard I often throw it over the fence with no effort at all!
4876	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Both the pup and I love it; Makes my life easier considering the amount of energy he requires to tire.  IN addition to adding distance to the throw, also easier t pick up the drool covered ball from the ground without bending over or touching it
2684	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love it.
I highly recommend these treats...
I've had these for quite a long time now and all I can say is that each of the squeaking lambies we have down has at least one squeaker still working! Not all 3 of course. But at least one! I have two spare lambies in my cabinet for when these go down and will buy more one those stop working. There's been no other toys that have lived up to the way these lambies have!
3316	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	every cat needs this indoor or outdoor
We had a recurrence of fleas just over a month later and had to re-apply the product. I know fleas are hard to get rid of completely so I'm not totally surprised. I was hoping that the first dose would end the problem, seeing as the fleas weren't that bad.
530	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Not as pictured, end of the branch, bunch of small braches sticking out all over, none level, hard to place in cage so they can use it. On the plus side, one of them likes to chew on it so there is that but I really wanted a perch for the smaller bird.
7982	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	its really not as good for your dog as theyll have you believe
6008	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I had this less than 2 days and the button on the paw pad would stick causing it to chime over and over until the button is pushed again. Then it started to randomly chime by itself. Thinking it was the batteries, I added fresh new ones, but the problem still exists. Since it continued waking me in the middle of the night I have discontinued using and it's been less than 3 weeks since I purchased.
48	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have four dogs--different breeds, different personalities, different temperaments.  All have come from homes where the original "owners" tired of them for one reason or another.  This motley crew did not immediately become a happy pack.  I had no idea how to deal with the problem.  Then I watched Cesar Millan's Dog Whisperer--over and over.  I immediately began to use Cesar's approach: seeing myself as the pack leader, exercising the dogs more (and together!), behaving more like the dogs' mothers would have behaved (yes, I applied a bit of pressure to the neck with my fingertips--the Mom "bite").  Now I have a happy, peaceful pack of contented, well-exercised, balanced dogs.  And I am a happy, peaceful pack leader.  Now my dogs are not a source of frustration and guilt, but a source of joy, love, and connectedness.  Cesar is a wonder!
2199	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cute but my puppies tore it up.
4698	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great for the lazy dog owner
3401	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	First the info:
3617	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The best fir picking up poop
8797	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Serving the purpose I bought it for.  Dogs love chewing on the 'stegosaurus' shape.  Have to watch, though, the spikes are easily chewed or broken off and I don't want them to ingest the pieces.
5311	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I have a Yorkie who thinks she's a Lab (I have one of those too!) I have a the regular Chuckit for Lillie and the small one for Josie, the Yorkie and Ball Tyrant.  The Chuckits have saved my arm as I spend close to 2 hours a day outside with my fur babies.  The only improvement I would like to see would be rubber grips on the handles as if they get wet, they get slippery. Now, I just keep paper towels with me and wrap one of two around the handles. If you have dogs who are ball-crazy and you don't want to end up having surgery for a torn rotator cuff, these are essential!
Very cost effective since I only had to use 1/2 tsp/day!
8856	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Natural Balance potato is such a great treat. I have used to train my ChinPin and he truly loves His rewards.
1545	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good, but the plastic window suckers do break if you pull too hard.
I had to give away the rest of the case to a cat who did like it, so maybe my cat was just being 'cat'
7168	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have five cats and they really like this a lot! I always have a choice of two to four brands of dry food and I must say, the LOVE it! Paws up for sure!
7336	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The dogs eat it and since being on this diet they all have soft shiny coats.  Of course they are dogs and will eat just about anything.  First canned food that I have used that has remained fairly consistent on ingredients.  I have been feeding this diet for years.


4969	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Love it makes fetch not a slobbery mess!!
2752	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They really are extra small, but they come with an extra squeaker should we need it.  Cute.
We've used this product nonstop for past two years with no problems.  It keeps up with our three cats just fine.  The unit needs cleaned every four-five days or so, and during the cleanout the mechanical sifting tines need to be cleaned or sifting problems occur.  This takes only a few minutes.
9877	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cat loves it
1601	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Used this for biscuits and cuts wonderful.  Now I don't have to use a glass.  Biscuits came out of mold with no problems so doughnuts should do the same.
5803	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Guess I must have read the dimensions wrong, this was much bigger than expected for these money paid. Appears to be well made. Very happy so far, this was bought as a gift hopefully they will be just as pleased.
6768	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Yesterday's News cat litter always arrives in a timely manner.  It is packaged efficiently, works amazingly well. And yes, I would order it again.
1287	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	after i bought a top-rated, well-reviewed gps receiver that couldn't find a satellite with both hands inside a telephone booth, i thought i could never possibly waste money that badly again.
2859	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My German Sheps liked it, but it was in tatters by the end of the first day.

2514	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Very soft and I find the girls, (poodle doggies), often sub them for pillows. They also Love the mulitple squeekers.
4837	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best dog product I've purchased for my golden retriever who loves to fetch.
4431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog LOVES this!

3635	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	excellent bags!, great quality, easy to open, fits over hand(no touching poop), good price, fast shipping! thanks
1758	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves this toy.  It is his favorite and we repeat buy it since he likes to tear up his toys.  It is soft and has different textures along with two squeakers.
9247	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	used for over a year. Dogs love the taste
If you understand the cursory nature, the nice-looking appearance and the ease of being able to take this anywhere, this is by all means  really nice calendar that can become used and you won't care too much by the end of the year.
4784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These ball tossers are the best. They save wear and tear on my aging shoulder and make throwing the ball for a compulsive Doodle a breeze. I got one for each car!
1090	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	This is the 2nd Littermaid Tent I have owned ... my cats love it, I love it and I'll definate buy again if needed.
8802	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	GOOD PRODUCT BIG ENOUGH FOR BOTH MY CATS EASY TO CLEAN LIKE THE FRONT IS LITTLE LOWER THAN BACK KEEP LITTER IN FOR MY CATS LIKE TO DIG ONE IS FOR URINE THE OTHER IS FOR POOP BECAUSE DON'T LIKE TO USE JUST ONE FOR BOTH
This has been a favorite brand for most, if not all, of my cats.
1177	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	The theory behind this litterbox is genius, but it doesn't work as advertised.  My cat urinates in the back corner, and the rake never could get it.  It would scrape off part of the clump, which would get stuck to the rake, but it would leave the majority of it in the corner.  The clumps would stick the bottom of the pan, and it was a real pain to clean them off.  I had to scoop this litterbox and clean the rake off 4 times in the two days I used it, which is twice as much as I scoop my regular litterbox in a whole week!  Don't waste your money.
9930	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Great catbox, durable and sturdy, hasn't cracked or broken like most others which are flimsy, this one stands up to the heavy sand, even when overfilling accidentally, easy to clean and a larger size to accommodate two cats, good choice if you are looking for another box

3886	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I Bought the medium 2.5" set of two as a test for my iFetch LARGE. They worked! But they get very slobbery and wet like regular dog 2.5 tennis balls (and the crappy blue ones iFetch sent in the box and were destroyed immediately).  I have also tried the rubber version of these which say they are 2.5" but the iFetch says otherwise! They are a tee-tiny bit too small. SO.... if you want better balls for the iFetch LARGE, the medium 2.5 do work and once they get slobbery the iFetch won't throw it as far. I trade out the wet one fore a dry one. After that... we're done until the balls dry.
I lived in an area with tons of ticks and my dogs were always getting them. It was disgusting to try and pick them off by hand, and using tweasers was gross because it squeezes the tick and leaves the head half the time. Then the whole match thing never worked for me either.
4027	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Works very well.  I don't have a good throwing arm so playing fetch with my dog was a chore until I got this.  Great product.
1314	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs will be shaking there heads nonstop with itchy ears and this immediately stops their itching.
946	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My Ragdolls seem to like it and it keeps their hairballs to a minimum, so I am happy.  I will continue to purchase this product, perhaps in different flavors, but in this type and brand.  My breeder recommends it, my veterinarian recommends it and so do I !!!!
9750	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	My new puppydog hated this. Don't know why-- he loves the dry food.
5927	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Best automatic feeder I have found! It's a automatic feeder and my alarm clock in one! I just listen for the noise when it advances and that's my wakeup call!  I will get up at night and my Yorkie will be sitting by it at 2 am waiting for it to advance so she can eat!  Sadly she's waiting until 3:30 when it finally goes off!  lol
This is quality dog food made with high quality ingredients.
7304	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	OK price for this size.
6625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The puppies love it (so do the older dogs if they can get to it).
* Providing a level playing field of orderly commerce for the animal feed industry.
Pay attention to the sizes listed: extra-small is really small, best for only the tiniest toy breeds or for small puppies. Medium will work for most dogs, but if your dog is a shredder, loves to destroy plush toys only get the large sizes. If you have certain breeds, like Staffordshire terriers and bull dogs, then perhaps another toy would be a wiser choice. You know your dog.
Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.
356	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on the advice of my vet. The fleas in my area (eastern North Carolina) are apparently resistant to Frontline and other medications which use the same active ingredients, so even though I was treating her regularly with a topical, my dog got fleas at doggy daycare. After treating her with Capstar, a fast acting and effective but short term oral flea medication, I put this on her and we haven't seen any fleas since. I like that it lasts so long and I will definitely purchase this again.
435	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	REALLY WORKS
UNFORTUNATELY, I searched on "Made in the USA", this was one of the toys that came up.  It was not made in the USA it was made in China.  I don't let her have any toys made in China, so I was disappointed when I noticed the tag after she had played with it.
4411	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog runs fast, she can run faster and farther than I can throw normally, with this she's pushing it.  Love it.
2209	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog is obsessed with this thing.
9573	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our dog loves most all of his Kong Toys....made in USA which I am thrilled with!
Recommended.
5570	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	When I bought my first such launcher about three years ago (and a second one a year later) the handle was 20 inches. It doesn't seem like a big difference, but it really is. Now the handle is a fairly useless 14 inches. The entire reason I bought this was so that I wouldn't have to bend all the way down 100 times a day. I miss the old version of this product - I wish they'd bring it back. It is also REALLY hard to throw well/far with the short handle. There is very little give in the short version.
9603	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Our kitten really enjoys playing with this toy.

6398	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great ingredients & quality, and my dogs love it

806	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	These new year's cards are adorable. originally I thought the glue didn't hold, but the yellow strip on top has to be removed and then they hold tight. The company was kind enough to respond after I mentioned that in my first review. in fact, their products are all high quality.
5164	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves to chase the ball.  This tool saves wear and tear on my shoulders!  I have perfected my pitch and the dog is so happy to run and fetch the bright colored ball.
4715	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My arm thanks you
More importantly, it creates absolute chaos when our local park in zurich switzerland gets over run with tourists. The ball travel at such a high speed that you can hear them traveling through the air, sending many tourists scurrying even before the rather forceful impact. What's truly surprising though is that the aim is fantastic. It takes a bit of getting used to, but after a while you do feel in control of the distance, height and velocity.
6068	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	2.0	Too Heavy. I bought it for my wife to get our 65lbs Bulldog in and out of the Volvo but it's too cumbersome.
He obviously thinks it's okay but not great tasting.
Instead I did some research online and quickly narrowed down what it could be. I found small white grains in her stool the next day, which settled the matter.
2444	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Oh noooooo, Mr. Bill is just plain fun for my dog.  He is bright and a nice size.
8784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	great
3801	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My go to pet stain remover this stuff works the best, and I've tried it all, even the urine gone by natures miricle, this stuff is better. They don't remark after I use this. Blot the stain then drench it in this stuff rub it in the fibers then leave a moist paper towel over it for an hour, clean it up and you won't even know your dog marked there
5955	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	One star off because loading the battery into it is not unlike breaking into Fort Knox if Fort Knox were guarded by flying nanosharks. Reassembling it after you've got the battery in place is slightly harder than that. Hopefully it gets easier with practice, and as some of the parts loosen up.
To be fair, my dog has always had a weak stomach since he was a puppy. He also dislikes the taste, so it's always a battle to get him to swallow. Several weeks later, I got too lazy to continue cutting up his pills and shoving crushed portions down his throat twice a day, so I reverted back to giving him a whole pill in the morning.
1811	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	I wish I could give this zero stars.
Even though premium litter costs more than a store brand, it last longer with the LitterMaid. Because the waste is scooped automatically 10 minutes after the cat uses the box, the litter stays cleaner. Even with 5 cats, we use 7 pound bucket of litter every 2 months or so.
I won't usually give such a good review to toys that can be destroyed in less than an hour.  But dogs do love lamb chop.
43	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thoroughly enjoy watching Dog Whisperer episodes.  I think that Cesar Millan's philosophy regarding dogs can apply to every aspect of life... Don't reward bad behavior!!!
he loved and quit thinking  if he don't eat I am one of those that will make him some real chicken .. but he seems to like
540	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	my bird enjoys this perch. Thanks for great service
3902	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Dog loves them
6731	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My puppy took some time to acquire a taste for this food. He enjoys it as long as I switch him between this and wellness core pet food.
4755	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	Loved it until bf left it within dog's reach and she chewed it up.  It still works but not as good.  But my crazy dog is not the products fault, so I would recommend!
2431	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy is my dogs all time favorite toy.  This is the 3rd one. It only needs to be replaced because he plays with them so much that eventually they are raggedy, faded and dirty.  He is the best dog so he deserves shiny new toys.

8720	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My dogs love these and they are grain free!
4989	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	It's so small and cute!  Perfect for travel or smaller kids trying to lob a ball for the dog.
With one cat it may not be worth the financial investment to have an auto poopy-scooper ($100-150 US). It has added an hour to my life every day -- plus added to my cats' health and well-being so it was well worth it for me.
3766	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Okay, so I never thought I would be writing a product review for "poop bags" but this is such a fantastic product!  I just bought 2 more boxes of the 200-count bags, not for myself, but for friends.  These bags are far superior to other bags and the bonus is that they are bio-degradable.  Most of the other bags I have used are very thin and sometime too small to "scoop" all the contents.  I have a whippet, but have walked other larger dogs and these bags are designed with a thicker plastic at the end and very good for scooping - they have designed the product so that scoop portion is maximum size and thickness.  I highly recommend this product and it's a good value at this price.

Thanks.
7622	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes my pup won't eat so I put some of the wellness in his food and he eats it. Has a smell similar to tuna however not as strong, would recommend
1548	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I have to give my dog treats with no corn or wheat and treats without these ingredients can sometimes be hard to find.  These soft treats are his absolute favorite and they are a good value on Amazon.
4987	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Definitely give it a try!! I have a 100 pound (all muscle) Labrador that is ball-crazy! This lets you throw the ball really far! You don't even have to touch the slobbery ball, pick it up with the launcher. This lets you throw the ball further than the product the canine cannon, but they are both the same idea. After using it for awhile, I got a kink in my shoulder. Nothing bad to say about this. If your dog likes balls, it is a great thing to add to your doggie toy box.
2693	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A soft toy for my kitties.
7495	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	My dog loves this little very hard piece of plastic shaped like a dinosaur BUT I noticed blood on it and he had chewed it in such a way that it had razor sharp spike points that would cut right into his gums if I'd have left it down for him.
9359	Pet_Supplies_5	NEG	1.0	She doesn't,t like it. Too hard
This toy is one of my beagle's favorites! She fell in love with this critter!  She loves the squeaky in its head, and will carry it around in her mouth.  We don't let her have it when she's home alone, since I don't want her to get bored and chew her way through to the squeaker, but otherwise, it's held up wonderfully. We also don't let her play 'pull' with it. It comes with a replacement squeaker, which is nice.
4522	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	For those looking to throw a ball far with minimal effort, and repeatedly we are talking about dogs with a lot of energy here, this thing works great! Can be used with Chuckit, KONG, or just standard tennis balls depending on the sizing.
3986	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	great balls! play fetch with my dog all the time with them
Not a product most poeple would comment on, but this really is a great product!  Thanks.
I went home thinking  it was a little crazy but low and behold it now contains tons of fragmented bones in a formula that distinctly  boasts it being a deboned formula. These fragments you see were taken out of two measured tablespoons only. not the whole can and the food bowl  stuck to the side bone fragments . My poor dog, i have been feeding her this not realizing that somewhere recently their food has been contaminated with these  fragments. I know it was recent because I am a doctor and  I always take a  quick look at her poop to make sure its normal and I have never seen this before.
1248	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I love Littermaid products. I have 2 large male Meezers, so I bought a reconditioned LM900 Mega box about 3 years ago. I've never had a day's trouble with it over the 3 years, even though both cats use the same box. One cat is very timid and I was afraid he wouldn't use it because of the cleaning mechanism, which is a bit noisy, but he loves the box and so does his brother. Since there is always clean, fresh litter for them, they use it without reservation and I know they are healthier for it. Sure, there's still a little maintenance to perform--I have to scoop out some of the smaller pieces that fall back into the box after the rake, and sometimes my guys will fill up a corner--but I don't have to clean the entire box several times a day and empty the litter every other day or so like I would have to with a conventional box. There's virtually no litter dust or odor, since the box cleans itself and covers the debris every time it's used. I highly recommend Littermaid products to anyone who loves their cats.
The less expensive canned food was always greasy feeling.  I will stay with Friskies.
4510	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I never go to the dog park without this!
She seems to like chewing on them a fair bit and the cage clamp part feels well attached and sturdy (not that she weighs enough to cause a problem).
For the are indeed the "Terminator" of poop scooping. If your tiered of bags that burst, bags that are so small the hand of a Barbie Doll would be too tight - say hello Mutt Mitts.
8438	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	We have many cats that we have adopted. They this wet food. The 5.5 oz. cans are a much better value than the 3 oz. cans.
2558	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	A great talking toy featuring the famous "Oh nooooo!" Our dog loves it and it's hilarious to see her reaction to the sound it makes when she squeezes it. Priceless! One of our dog's favorite toys!
884	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	I like the packaging, scent, product works wonders.  I recommend this product.  It's affordable.  Smooth transaction, arrived on time.

5425	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	these are the greatest ball throwers we have found.. we think the 18 inch one handles the best for distance and height!
5784	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Fits well, doesn't get dirty easily, has really protected my phone when I drop it. Has a pretty shimmer to it as well.
394	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	The BEST collars, fast shipping, Thank you!!!
1433	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I just wish we could still get these! Our dog is allergic to chicken so we can't change to the other varieties.

7236	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Cat just loves this....
2905	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	4.0	My one Shih-Tzu likes this toy. It is very small and fits right in her mouth and she loves the squeaker in it.
9325	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	They love them!!!
5441	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This thing is great. I have a Great Dane that is a runner. Only he likes to run after other dogs' balls. Our solution, a Chuckit so other dogs could try and steal his ball. He loves this thing. He does not like bringing the ball back but that's another story. I used to play high school softball and I no longer have that amazing outfield arm but with this, it doesn't matter. I only wish I had gotten the bigger one because the park we visit doesn't cut the grass as regularly as one would hope, and the ball easily gets lost in just the smallest bit of overgrowth. Yes, even the bright orange one in green grass. I bought this one because I was thinking that if I lost the Chuckit balls I could just throw a regular old tennis ball in there (since my dog doesn't do the whole "retrieve" thing). The problem is that I have lost all but one of the damn balls because you can't find them in the grass. Don't get me wrong, it isn't the Amazon (hee hee) out there, just like a couple inches. At a few bucks a ball, for the nicer ones, it adds up fast. Just something to keep in mind if you have a dum dum like me that likes you to play fetch more than them ;)
In case you didn't know, the AAFCO is the Association of American Feed Control Officials. According to its website:
5072	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	I thought when I first saw these it was a dumb idea.  Why not just throw the darn ball.  Boy was I wrong, it really wings it out there.  No way I could ever throw the ball that far.  I love it, Reggie loves it and Oliver loves it!
1972	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This toy has one squeaker in the body, and one in each foot. That's FIVE squeakers. Most toys only have one. I have a four-month old lab puppy that can't get enough of this toy.
159	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Like the idea of personalizing Nora Fleming platters for different occasions.  This ducky is adorable and looks great on the dish.
I am going to order another bag soon and go through it cup by cup.  Will report findings.
5339	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Wears the dog out 3x faster . The dog is a husky so of course he is full of energy to the point of where I need to throw this ball a billion times but now I just need to throw it a few million times.
4625	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	This is great for my dog, even my 6 year old granddaughter could use it to throw the ball very far.
367	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	Bought for years.  They work.
6249	Pet_Supplies_5	POS	5.0	My cats just love the Friskies Pates and will not eat any of the textured ones, like shreds, except the tuna and egg which Amazon does not carry.  I have six cats.  They all share one can each morning for breakfast.  The one can feeds them all with some left for seconds.  They have their regular Friskies dry food out all the time in the gravity feeder, but they enjoy their breakfast Friskies pates.  Won't go with another brand.  I'll stick with Friskies.  Be sure to choose the 24 can case of one flavor pate for about $9, not the one for about $18.  It is the same product and quantity, just a higher price.  Also use the subscription to save more.
