2911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	How can you beat five adorable, high qulaity finger puppets for just over $16.00???  These puppets are very detailed and wear the outfits that are depicted in the book by Eileen Christelow.  Our daughter LOVES puppets and dramtic play brings tremendous educational value to our reading/story time.  Or you can just sing the song with the puppets to act it out!  Any way you use these finger puppets they are sure to be a hit!
7786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like many other parents, I love that this is one toy I don't need batteries for!  It is sturdy, has a cute credit card and enough money to satisfy my two boys, ages 5 and 2.  A great purchase!
8799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When my niece received this as a Christmas present a few years ago she was fascinated. She was scooting around in the living room in no time at all. Her older sister tried to borrow it...and didn't get too far. This was Lexi's for sure! I thought it was very sturdy and easy to clean if you take it outside. The wheels work nicely on a deck or smooth concrete surface.
8294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great "first board game" for kids, who will probably enjoy it from ages 3-5 or so.  Extremely simple to play, players take turns drawing cards and moving their pieces to the colored square indicated by the card.  Rather predictable, though with a few twists and turns thrown in, it is simple enough to keep the attention of the very young.  I award it 5 stars for educational value because it teaches color recognition, taking turns, and fair play (when these are reinforced by an adult playing along).
The rulebook is filled with photos and examples to aid in understanding.  Constantinopolis comes with one of the best-writted rulebooks I've seen.  The rules are extensive, though, and you may have trouble finding a specific rule if you need to look something up during gameplay.
My 5 year old enjoys organizing the money in the drawer as she learns the names of the bills and coins. She also tries to teach herself some addition on the calculator. She also likes being a storekeeper/cashier as Mom shops in her supermarket.
Fun and exciting theme


4858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good book to buy for almost anyone who likes to do Dot to Dot.  Especially good for anyone over 8 yrs of age.  Older folks might need a magnifying glass but I don't think I did and I am an older folk.
Well made and educational.
About a year ago I got interested in Board Games and after much research I found that Ticket to Ride was always mentioned as the Most Popular Game on all the gaming websites.  They call it a "Gateway Game", which means it is a Euro game that will appeal to non gamers, but at the same time it is a good enough game that gamers like to play it as well.
9447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help my autistic 8 yr old with his math homework. He's learning through the repetition!
Being a Simpsons fan is pretty required.  You can't fake it with this game.  There's not multiple choice.
8840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product fast delivery
1274	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this game for free in exchange for my honest review.
8361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift very well received
As someone who loves games, I found Ticket to Ride to be a great introduction to European-style board games. Nothing disappoints. Everyone who plays the game wants to know where to get a copy. Ticket to Ride has won numerous Game of the Year honors around the world, and it's easy to see why. Absolutely worthy of its stars.
The Hoberman Mini Sphere almost resembles a miniature holiday tree in the upright position. This will stand flat and returns to this position after being opened. I had my non-verbal autistic son sit in front of me on the floor as I demonstrated the opening and closing sequence to the Hoberman Mini Sphere. This is quite mesmerizing to watch and it has a sound effect of the hubs flicking one another during this process.
5364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used with ALZ patients and is enjoyed. Used for memory work and color recognition and pattern making. Sturdy and practical.
5037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game (I'm in my 30s).  My son has a harder time with it, but if we play as a team, we love to rack up the points together.
7170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a Christmas gift for my grandson. Im pretty excited about it, as I have great memories of his mother playing with it. This is more like the original version, I don't care for some of the ones they're coming out with.
1013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect game for our family to play together. Great for kids and adults alike.
7667	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game for our family game nights with our two boys!
Let me point out that this game takes place aboard a gnome submarine therefore everything about the game is small - including the board, the cards, and the pieces.

1832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	who doesn't love the elf
7032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for grandson-Hasn't opened yet but I know he will love it. He's really into calculators.
Con: Cheap Plastic Container, High Luck Factor for dice roll
You then move the number of spaces shown on the die encircling the game board attempting to get your 4 pegs home first.
Christopher is already bendy so you can easily pose him without any modifications!
5588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hilarious and fun addition to our Fluxx games. Yarrggggh!
We've loved all of the games we've gotten from Gamewright (Slamwich, Hisss, Feed The Kitty), they have a great assortment of games for a variety of ages.

4182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of the FFG Star wars games both X-wing and Armada. The games are a lot of fun and are quite easy to learn. But the best thing for me is the quality and detail of the ships used by the game. I have yet to be disappointed with any of the models. All have been nicely painted and to be honest I have purchased some more for display than for actual game play. Even if you do not want to play the game the models are beautiful as display pieces. You will not be disappointed with any of these pieces.
5539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nephew loves it

4202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was a gift and they loved it.
I like that it's solar powered too.
9799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love a learning toy for the kids that doesn't require batteries! There's nothing to maintain, or break. I bought it for my 9 year old to solidify his knowledge of his multiplication facts, and as an added bonus my 7 year old is learning some too. Just a good toy to have around; it's a great visual. The fact that you have to press down on the key to see the solution underneath gives them a chance to think of the answer first instead of just reading a printed times table. Definitely satisfied.


5045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game, even our 5 year old likes playing
8441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I know that "Mousetrap" is a game in which players take turns trying to capture an opponent's mice, but I am going to take a radical position and say the whole point here is to build this Rube Goldberg version of the proverbial "better mousetrap" and get it to work.  Yes, the first time or two that you play this with your kids you can follow the rules and declare a winner.  But from then on the fun is just putting this contraption together and getting it to work.  The important thing here is that they understand the whole idea of a "Rube Goldberg machine" (he was the inspiration for this toy, even if he does not get the actual credit) and to appreciate the idea of taking a simple every-day real-life problem such as catching a mouse and solving it with a complicated mechanical solution such as what we have here, where you begin with a shoe kicking a bucket and eventually, if everything works correctly, ends with trapping a mouse.
The game board and the card deck are split into 4 sections.  You always draw cards from the lowest section first, and when they're gone that part of the board sinks, moving any players on that board up to the next level of the ship.  If nobody saves the Doctor before the uppermost deck sinks, then everyone loses.  This has never happened when I've played.  After about a half-dozen games it seems like someone usually saves him with only one or 2 of the decks gone.
24	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loved it
As the game master I set variations of the original rule at the start of the game. If there is a dispute the GM will be the one you turn to for help understanding game rules.  I've read them over several times but still refer back at least once each game.
The problems with this game come into play when trying to mesh in with it's audience. If someone is really good at this game, it tends to be impossible for any other player to win. If a player happens to get a good set of letters and finishes their initial set quickly, then they tend to keep yelling banana until the game ends. Likewise, when you get behind it's very difficult to get back in the game. These problems occasionally ruin the game, but players tend to get used to this.
6054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've been hunting for a race game that everyone in my group wants to play, and this is finally the one that hit. The concept of shifting and using specially-numbered dice to represent the different gears is amazing, thematically speaking, and makes sense to people. The risk/reward gameplay is elevated, so expect euphoric highs when exiting a corner in fourth gear, and devastating lows when you are forced to downshift to avoid destroying your car.
7185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my 3-year-old granddaughter - she loves it and the adults think it's the real thing!  The play money that came with it fooled EVERYONE!!
919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Never heard of this game, just stumbled across it... Tons of fun! We even have a version for our phones now!
217	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game, not stale... kept us busy and entertained. No two games is ever the same... We enjoyed it for sure.
3139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The outlets are a little tight by todays standards but I purchased some extenders to handle the larger AC adapters.
8244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is much more difficult than the new ones! Comes with money and cards which is what makes it so fun!

8246	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not like the one I had growing up. Meh.
+ can solo play or group play and both work well
1222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've had a very good time learning and playing this game, and recommend it as a great family activity.  The game's minimum age recommendation seems about right.  Some reviews mention how easy it is to pick up, but the typical initial reaction in our group was that it was a bit complicated.  That feeling was gone after about 15 minutes of play, so don't be discouraged at the start.  The object of the game is to score the most points through completing rail routes and destinations. The game offers the opportunity to either work on your own score or block scoring by opponents.  That enhances continuous and humorous interactions between players, and makes for a lot of fun.  We've also found that it takes a little longer to complete the game than noted in the instructions (maybe 2 hours?), but that time will shrink over time and play can always be halted sooner if so desired.
6961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 and 6 year old play with this all the time. Even now 3 months later.

141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids love it. It is smaller than I imagined. I think it's a little overpriced for what you get. The 6" height includes the spindly, floppy pigeon legs, which I didn't realize. I assumed the 6" was just for the body.

The rules, goals, and keepers are constantly changing throughout the game, making it both a quick and long game, a ton of fun, and has a high replay value for the price. I have played this game with both friends and family and is enjoyed by all. It's been asked to be brought out/played whenever we're together.
766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family LOVES this game. It doesn't take too long, once you play a practice round it's pretty straightforward. I was winning every round until I shared my strategies with my 9 yo son. He creamed me last time. I'd say if your kiddo is old enough to appreciate boardgames involving some strategy, they will like this. We want to get the Europe and Asian versions and have family "train master" tournaments.
Props to Amazon as they immediately issued a return label and promptly credited me back my funds.  Notice this is sold by a 3rd party vendor but fulfilled by Amazon - that makes all the difference in the world since the seller has to comply with Amazon's policies.



The units in this game are Footman (1 unit each), Knights (2 units each), Ships (1 unit each) and Seige Engines (2 points each.) Based on your Supply Track on the board determines how many units and the size of each army allowed per house. Taking over territories with barrels in them and holding them when a "Mustering" card comes up will allow you to increase your army of force you to decrease in the case of having more units than you can support with food.
2232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Talk, talk, talk...that's what you'll be doing while playing this fun and revealing family game.  Revealing the inner most thoughts of your guests will be very interesting and enlightening when they answer your question of the round.  Great for ages 8 and up, but really fun for a group of adults as well.
8347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got the classic version!
3713	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This board game is one of the best I've laid eyes on.  Besides using the Lord of the Rings license fantastically, this game contains so much replay value!  That's spectacular considering how fun the actual gameplay is.  The gameplay is very similar to Stratego, but shorter and more exciting, since almost every move can be deadly.  Also, the game can go by very quickly which means you can play more games.  The replay content comes into play here through figuring how to utilize the different characters' abilities and their power cards and also through the extra variant characters and special cards included in the game.  The better you and your opponent become at the board game, the more satisfying the game becomes.  This is a game that is simple to play, but may take awhile to master.  Each game, there are several strategies one can use.  You must adapt your strategy to the opponent your playing.  I highly recommend this game!! Very fun!!
1568	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product at Bed Bath and Beyond, but it's the same exact thing (just clarifying why I'm not a "Verified Purchase" reviewer for this specific product).
The Proximity dial is the really unique aspect of this game. It's what really ratchets up the tension. As it approaches 99, you have to decide: do you make a run for the exit, or push on and try to reach the secret room and to grab more Data, and get flatlined?
3795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The hype about this after GenCon last year was all over the place. I looked into it. It sounded interesting. The more reviews that I read, the more it became clear - I needed to try this. We purchased the core set and got to work learning the game.

4373	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use this for spelling practice at home with my autistic boy, he is 11. We have to practice our spelling words so using the banana makes it really fun. My 4 year old just likes to play with the letters, she is at that age where letters are so cool. I have not played the game so won't comment on it. The banana bag is well made and very durable. The zipper is well made also and I can tell this will last a long time. There are plenty of each letter included. I can take this banana with me easily since it is rather small. At first I thought the price was steep for something so simple but now I see its worth. Pictures included.
 - You can purchase Wall segments to earn in-game bonuses and end-game points,
6714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game as a kid and now introduced it to my 8 year old. We play a simplified version of it where you choose 4 different peg colors to make the code (the game gets harder if you choose multiple colors that are the same).
9057	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum sounds very good!! Would recommend
8946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderful. We have this set plus another set that can be added together. Our 6 year old grandson loves these.  He will play for hours
The rules have been laid out to make encounters very brief. And you won't feel cheated. All of the rolls are with 20-sided dice. Damage is 1, 2 or 3 hit points. Almost everything has between 1-12 hit points. So creature die fast.
587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great!  Both my 5 year old and my 15 year old play this (together).  The educational value, along with the fun, make this a must have game!



Ticket to Ride has been around since 2004 and is beginning to show some age when compared against newer European-style board games. In addition, other games in the Ticket to Ride series eclipse the base game (though some expansions require the base game for play). For a game that plays similarly to Ticket to Ride but adds more depth of play, consider Ticket to Ride designer Alan Moon's Airlines Europe.
149	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Larger than I expected and absolutely beautiful!  I will be using it this week with my students at school.  I know they will love it, and then I plan to enjoy it at home.  Thank you!  Beautifully made, and I appreciate the instructions about how to gently open it the first time.
6332	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quality construction. A very good value for the money. House folds into a very neat and pretty unit. The Victorian details of the house make it very attractive. If your child loves Hello Kitty,s/he will enjoy this!
1561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas present
121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband is a therapist and I came across these cards and suggested he give them a try in some of his sessions. I can't answer first hand since I'm not actually the one that uses them, but he said they really grasp the kids attention and makes his therapy sessions easier. He has group sessions with high school kids, and he said the kids that normally won't talk during his sessions really opened up with these cards. He is amazed at how well they work.
Perfect Family Game!!!
Great for any gamer in any family.
Reinforcement tokens (one set per player), each year, instead of the King's reinforcements being determined by a die roll, players can choose one of six tokens requesting a number of reinforcements,  Each token may be used only once.  One token will remain at the end of the game, which gets added to the players score.
7229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is really great. The rules are a little tough, but my niece and nephew (7 and 5) picked it up rather quickly and it was a fun family game.
The basic premise is to roll dice to make your car go and to get around the track first. However the strategy comes in when you approach turns and you must ensure you stop a certain number of times in each turn. This is also complicated by the fact that you are rolling different dice based on which gear you are currently in. The higher the gear the faster you go and the harder it is to stop the required number of times in each turn.
4215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for my 8 year old 3rd grader! She had fun with this book on a trip. She likes words and puzzles so it was perfect for her!

3873	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great buy. Fast delivery.

Since then, the game has sat on my shelf and no one in my gaming circle willing touch it. However a recent trip to Los Angeles, I broke it out with gamers that I had never met, and they all agreed it was one of the worst games ever printed.
3988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My second set of EoE dice.  So I knew what to expect no complaints here.
5972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best games ever if (a) you're a Star Trek or scifi fan and (b) can round up three players.  There's a lot of strategy to this, along with resource management.  It's a 4X game.  There's some luck to it too, however.  If, as one player, you consistently draw multiple Warp 3 planets or hazardous phenomenon before you've improved your shields--and particularly if someone else draws nothing but uninhabited worlds ripe for the picking--good luck recovering from that.  It can be done, but you'll need some Trade Alliances and excellent gameplay on your part.
2426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We already have two elves, the reindeer, and the birthday kit so when we saw this at the store we had to get it. I'm so glad I got it though, he is incredibly soft, and feels like he is of good quality, the storybook is beautifully illustrated as well. A great little addition to our Elf on the Shelf collection.
4477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	excellent product
7675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 2 yr old loves this toy which my brother got him for Christmas. I just wish it had a scanner, but we have one of those on a grocery card so he pretends just fine. The pad of paper and pencil get lost quick.
You will only be able to create one varied hacker & one varied corp deck at a time with this set though, so you will likely want at least a couple $12 expansions after a few games.
9660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect spring activity with kids or with any ages.

1045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME game!  I love board games, my kids love board games, my husband doesn't.... but even he likes this game!  Different every time you play it, you are able to hold a conversation while playing, it is fast moving (but takes about 1 hour to play), and super fun.


The game requires quick problem solving, a wide vocabulary, the ability to adapt, and the ability to start over if you can't fit in the newly acquired tiles. It's lots of fun amongst two people or a large group of friends; it doesn't become boring; and it is fast if you have a hankering for a quick word game! Any family or guest-entertainer needs it!
653	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This game sounds fun but my teenager hated it and the preteens who played with us got bored of it quickly. The questions are appropriate for kids but really dull for anyone ages 10+.
531	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Play this game a lot with our kids ages 7-20. You get cards and have to build words. Very very simple to explain and play. Not a ton of rules. What I love about this is that many ppl can play (we have a large family) and in each round you get more and more cards. My kids don't like to read and definitely don't like word games and yet they enjoy this one a lot.
9428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	THEY DRUM IS GREAT BUT THE PICTURE IS VERY MIS-LEADING. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER THINKING TO SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GET 3 DRUMS LIKE THE PICTURE SHOWS. SHOULD HAVE READ THE DESCRIPTION BETTER. YOU ONLY GET ONE DRUM. ITS A GRET DRUM BUT ONLY 1 FOR $50. I FEEL LIKE I HAVE BEEN SCAMMED
9214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4yo daughter got this for Christmas and we've had several children visit since. EVERY SINGLE CHILD (ages ranging from 3 to 7yo) has spent time entranced by this easy-to-use toy. It has sound and movement to stimulate children, it is creative by nature as you build intricate gear structures, and encourages problem solving when the gears won't turn. Really a great toy!
501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun way to play a less intensive game of Scrabble and it travels well.
2122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Dresden files is an enjoyable setting for me.  I enjoy the dark modern day fantasy setting, Dresden is an interesting character, with weaknesses and strengths, and his allies and adversaries are both varied, interesting, and rarely two-dimensional.  So creating an RPG setting is very fitting.
8546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son but all my kids try to steal it.
5565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
6161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have eight of these little helicopters. They take a bit of skill to get the hang of, but remote controls can be mastered pretty quickly. They are rated for 14+ so I would not recommend them for younger children. But if you are child-minded like me (I'm 62 and an old helicopter pilot) then you will enjoy them. They recharge direct from the remote control (has cord inside compartment) or any USB port with the charger cord included. The little rascals are fun to fly and are pretty tough (I bounced them off of the wall and ceiling a few times until I got the hang of it). Do not fly near someone's face or around pets as the blades may be plastic, but they are spinning quiet fast. They come in several colors and you can find replacement parts here on Amazon or on Ebay. Ejoy!
851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I keep buying this for friends birthdays and etc. so yes this is a great game. Not very hard to understand or over complicated. Sheldon would love it its trains!
3429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my kids got into face painting after their grandmother gave them a book that details how to dress up as different characters.  grandma gave us some face paint crayons that were very difficult to work with.  I ordered this kit and have been so impressed with it.  I am not an artist, but when I follow the instructions in this book it looks like I am!  I've been able to create beautiful face paint and "tattoos" on my children and the children I babysit.  This would be great as a DYI for a birthday party!  No need to hire anyone, just practice a few times before the party, or even if you don't practice the kids will love it and think it's really cool!
The box also includes some quick reference cards that tell you your limits based on # of players like monster limit on board, outskirt limit, # of open gates until the AO awakens.  These cards are surprisingly useful.  When I first looked at these I thought they'd be useless as you just remember this stuff anyways but with the cards it's a great quick reference for everyone at the table to glance at.  So we use them all the time.
1698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is as fun as you make it.  My granddaughter got her first Barbie, and since Toy Story has Barbie and Ken, I found her using the Elf as a replacement Ken.
7466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Original style of the game but much cheaper made than original. Plastic pieces, thinner cardboard board. Otherwise, a good game which recalls great memories.
8436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our son asked for this for his 5th birthday.  Like some other reviewers have said, the board game itself is nothing spectacular. But, both our son and his 3 year old sister have had a lot of fun putting together the "mousetrap" contraption and making it work. For the most part it has worked much better than I expected for mass-produced cardboard and plastic.  Our 5 year old can pretty consistently put it together by himself and make it worth with only minor assistance.  The 3 year old needs help putting it together, but gets a big kick out of making it go once together and the little kinks worked out.  All in all, I think this is a good purchase for kids this age or a bit older.
In all honesty, I like the elf. Waffles (we named him as the book said to do) is a great size to hide around the house, and comes with a book and box. The book is ok, we only read it once a year when he arrives (from storage....um the North Pole) however it does not give a ton of background information on him. The website you link with is great!
I was happy to get it quickly.
I do have once concern, he has no feet, I am guessing because it would cost more to put create them.

Pieces are tiny - board measures only 10.25", 14" on the diagonal.

171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 month old daughter loves these. I put them on my dishwasher and she stands there and plays with them.  They are a very pretty soft pastel pattern which I love because they don't stand out as an eye sore.
The drum head is real polyester. It has a clear skin on the bottom and a "goat like" skin laminated on the top.
9946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game a big hit here-easy to learn how to play
There are only two things I do not like about this particular version.  The biggest disappointment is that the rubber feet are not at the edges of the board. This means when the game is being played, the board can be easily tilted if someone leans on any one corner because the feet only support the center of the board. The second thing is that the game is mislabelled because the tiles DO NOT LOCK in place but they stay seated well (or are prevented from excessive movement) as long as the board is not tipped. These were the only two items that kept me from loving this version and rating this five stars.  Other than this, I really really like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tile-Lock-Scrabble/dp/1223063151/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tile Lock Scrabble</a>. I also think its competitively priced at $24.99 but that is the absolute max that I would pay for this version.
5519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, exactly what I was looking for , adorable turkey stickers for applying to cards or envelopes for Thanksgiving, very colorful and nice size.
Overall, I think this wave in general and this ship in particular (especially some of the upgrades) adds some great twists to an already fun game.
2169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Another Great Expansion for Red Dragon Inn.  However, If you are adding this to Red Dragon Inn 2, be aware that the card sizes and tokens are all a different size.
  ***Fast forward 2010*** This is still a great game, that hasn't changed.  Just want to note that Amazon does have better pricing on this and other games now, especially when free shipping is involved.
9097	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for our one year old & he loves it!  Very sturdy- has survived a lot of abuse with no damage or loss of tautness on the head.  Pleasing deeper tone.
2604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great for the little scrapbooker
Negative Points Include:
7082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Candy Land promises a world of bright colors, joyous fun, and sweet delights. But what is this cotton candy fantasy world really teaching your children?
A great gift for a friend or your family.
1280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game.  A mix of luck and strategy is needed to pull ahead and build the most routes, or the longest routes, across the map of the U.S. I've played it several times with strangers at Phoenix Comicon, and it never fails to entertain.
Arrived quickly, performed as advertised.
5184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game!!  I got it for Christmas and it's fun... Took a bit to work through the rules and we played incorrectly through the first time (we played using whatever tiles you could rather than only of one color or one shape in a turn) but the way we played was easier for our 6 year to join in... So, we'll probably play that way with her again as it kept the game shorter as well.  Our daughter is pretty good with games so after a few times, she was getting into it...
5724	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Definitely my favorite of the Fluxx games (We have several versions). I bought this for my hubby the sci-fi geek, and even though I'm not nearly as well versed in the sci-fi genre as he and many of our friends are, this is a great game. Best part was, I sent it to a friend and got it signed by Will Wheaton for him! My hubby declared that the game/autograph combo was the "best birthday gift ever", considering we were married on his birthday, I'm not sure if I should be thrilled or offended ;)

1068	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to learn and fun to play.  Even little kids can get in on the action if they team up with an older kid or an adult.
2587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy playing it. Seeing the art in the cards make it fun
3537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty stickers and very good quality.  They are made of thick paper and do not rip as you peal them off as some other stickers tend to do.
There are draw 2 cards, giving you two chances to get a low number card, If you don't want the card you draw you just place it face up on the discard pile.
7637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Just like when we were kids. Only difference is there is a spinner instead of dice.

5583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can not stress enough how much we love this game.  This was our first version of Fluxx, and although we have played (and own) several other Fluxx versions since then this one still remains everyone's absolute favorite.  My mom is obsessed with it.  My sister and I are obsessed with it.  My nieces (even one who can't read yet) are obsessed with it (although the youngest one needs a lot of help obviously).  It is one of 2 games that goes on every vacation with us.  Some versions of Fluxx have odd cards/rules that take a while to get used to (like the way that the zombies are used and passed around in Zombie Fluxx) but this game is straightforward and fun.  I also like that it is a quick game (we've had games as short as 2 minutes, but even our longest game was only about 15 minutes long.....although that being said we are addicted to it enough that we will play it would 2-3 hours straight).


7302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fantastic fun! exactly what you need for a group of people
7752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a really good sale price in the after Christmas sale! Have had this for kids before and it is a good toy to keep them occupied for awhile.

4581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Similar to Scrabble, Bananagrams players use letter tiles to make a series of intersecting words.  But in many ways, I consider it superior to the game that inspired it.  It's fast and simple - no letter values, no score multipliers, and no waiting for your next turn.  Players simultaneously build their own set of crosswords using a pile of letters drawn at the start of the game.  If you don't like the way your crosswords are turning out, simply pull apart some of the words, and start again.  If you have some letters you can't use, throw them back in the community pile and take new ones.  The key to winning is speed and agility.  When one player uses up all of their letters, everyone has to take another letter from the community pile.  With all these letters flying around, you'll have to pull apart words and make new ones on the fly.
I kind of thought that the family game nights that some of the game companies push, on their boxes was silly but, after we gave it a try it became like sitting at the table for dinner! You just make time to do it!
329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favorite game made better!
The game has some similarities to the card game concentration in that you need to try to remember a series of cards that are placed face down.  It also has a gin rummy aspect in that you want to try to get a hand that beats your opponent(s) hand.  It also has a couple of cute, "special" cards that allows you to, "take a peek" at one of your opponents cards, or "switch" one of your cards with one of your opponents. In the end, it's a game that's easy enough for a young child to learn, but amusing and strategic enough to keep an adult interested.

I can't imagine any kid or adult that wouldn' enjoy having this educational tool on hand. It's sturdily put together with a spiral binding, making it easy to handle while creating your masterpieces. It also includes a set of colored pencils -- quite a bargain! There are 5 pages of stencils, but I believe that you will soon progress beyond using them.
1) There's a fairly small rule set, so anyone old and smart enough to pick up on strategy for Monopoly can pick this up.
6686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
The dice themselves all have six sides, and are pretty much only good for use in the Imperial Assault game (or throwing at people when you get angry at them, but that can put someone's eye out and get you banned from your local place of play). They can be stacked one on top of the other when you get bored, but 8-sided and 20-sided dice are far more challenging (and, thus, more interesting) to do that with.
6072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice and easy to pickup, just played the basic game so looking forward to getting into it some more
Expert Handling, an EPT card that this is the only Rebel ship with, and the R5 astromech card, only in this expansion period, are also still usable.
Plus, you get the full set of new SW dice.  These are important.  And, hey, if you're interested in this game, well, having the dice is a good thing (since the dice themselves run about $12.00 for the set).

Also look at the other Brio track expansion kits to add a larger variety of tracks. Often you will need a selection of the shorter straight tracks to close the gap in your track design.

8931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hours of fun for my grandchildren.  We have purchased a few sets and add on sets. It has been fun for me seeing the cousins all building something together.
Star fluxx was also featured on tabletop with wil Wheaton

2325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy I got this elf over the OTHER elf on a shelf.  He's adorable - much less creepy than the other one and much more appropriate for toddlers.  I'm actually very impressed with the quality.  I like how he has a bendable body - it will make some of my ideas a lot easier to accomplish!  Great price too - the set includes a hardcover book that's really nice.
We have had other cash register toys, but they were not as well made, and parts tended to break.
1118	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic!
4290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. It's easy and fun and we like the facts about the environment.

4807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great instructional book and human body model.  It is smaller than I thought.  Other reviews warn that the parts of the body will get scattered about the house if you let young child play unsupervised.  Well, my science savvy 4 year old grandson and 6 year old granddaughter started out exploring the parts and were able to put the body back together themselves.  However, after a while, they created some other games and now, about half the parts are unaccounted for--I think their dog ate some.  So parents, this is great for older children, it is a great tool to learn about the body, and great for younger ones with supervision.  Has anyone seen a spleen?
The book is a nice story, not too long either for multiple bed time readings during the holidays.
3959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The new Star Wars role-playing system uses a dice pool system. the various colors and types of dice are not interchangeable. You have to have the specialty dice to easily play the system.

We found that a typical three player session only lasted about fifteen to twenty minutes, making Dungeon Roll an outstanding filler game. It is light and easy to play after you get that first one under your belt and figure out all of the mechanics. Dungeon Roll is probably best suited to two or three players, though you can have more. Unfortunately since only two players are engaged at any given time, the others are left waiting for something to do. Usually a delve only takes about three to five minutes, but if you are the fifth player, that means you might be waiting three players - or up to fifteen minutes - without much of anything to do but watch and provide whatever commentary comes to mind while sitting on the sidelines.
8570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is fun for all ages.
3437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I hate paying for face painting when we go to carnivals and fairs.  I decided that instead of paying for some stranger to paint my kids' faces, for the same cost I could purchase a book and some paint and do it myself.  I decided on this book and was not sorry.  It came with some high quality paints and a book that walks you through some simple designs.  I did purchase some additional paint brushes that are helpful in doing the more intricate designs.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Snazaroo-Face-Paint-Brush-3-Pack/dp/B002OE2V1G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Snazaroo Face Paint Brush 3-Pack</a>I'm not sure they are any different than brushes you might purchase down the street at the local art supply store, but I do recommend having multiple sized brushes when doing face painting.
1760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love my elf on the shelf!


Play Time:
3397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this face painting brand. Nice smooth paint and the idea book is great!!!
4916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Have only played once, too soon to tell.
I'm currently running a game of DFRPG, or trying to. Everything I'm going to say is from the heart and from experience. This is the first time I've played anything like this kind of RPG (I run Call of Cthulhu, D20 and Savage Worlds) and it has been an uphill climb to get a grasp of the system.
Other thoughts:
9299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quality drum! Got this for my year old boy for Christmas and he loves to bang it. The quality of sound or tone or whatever musicians call it, is wonderful and deep (?)! I don't know, I just know my husband who is a drummer is impressed with the sound and the quality and my little guy loves it. Also? This drum can take a beating (literally and figuratively)! It's held up to my rough boy who has thrown it, stood on it and used it as a chair. :-)
9495	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Not great, 4 year old has a hard time seeing the answer. 5 yr. old, had a hard time seeing the numbers.
922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game; it's a family favorite! However, I wish we could play with more than 5. (There is 10 in our family. We make it work.) My 6 year is a champ at this game so don't let the age range fool you. I was amazed at how quickly he picked up the locations of the cities. I'll be buying the Europe version as well.
1377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much fun. We have bought this game for ourselves and everyone in our family. So much fun. Only 5 players can play.
9378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Grabbd this for an extra drum on African Bell Carol.its not a boomer but it has sufficient tone to be a functional instrument in a classroom or concert setting.

9771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple tool for practicing multiplication facts!  What else is there to say,..?  Can go for rides in the car, lay on the couch with it, outside on the hammock.  I like it!
We were not disappointed, and I consider this expansion a very worthwhile addition to the game as it gives you a great amount of bang for your buck.  Specifically, you can use one or more of the following additions in any combination:
6019	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is an awesome game.  W ehave friends come over and play every other week.  The game takes about twice as long as the scenarios say.
1360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great strategy game this is easy to learn for anybody.  I would recommend 3+ people as it can get old quickly for only 2 people.  It is a great game to play over and over again.
The Undermountain module adds a mini-board which provides 3 new locations. The quests involved with Undermountain usually take more resources to complete, but the rewards are greater.

7349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game just as I did as a kid.
8559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	best card game of all time!
7955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun for kids
5630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love all the Fluxx games!  I love how this one pokes fun at favorite space shows (Firefly, Star Trek, Star Wars, etc.)
4448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good toy
2919	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	We received this as a gift, however, it allowed water in on the very first use.
142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	l Recommended......It's a great plush toy for kid's or collection....
1426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for all ages!  Gives a good opportunity to try thinking and planning ahead, and teaches geography in an enjoyable way!
Downsides are that it is better with more players, and not really fun if you try it with less than 3 people.  Since it is hard for me to get everyone old enough together to play, I have to often have to opt for games that are ok for 2 players.  Still it will be fun to take to board game nights and game conventions with laid back game players.  It's probably not a good board game to take to a church or school social function though.
2321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After seeing many cute elf ideas on the web, I was excited to start the tradition with my sons. I was planning on purchasing the "other elf" but after reading reviews, I checked out Christopher Pop-In-Kins. I am so glad I did! A few things led to my decision to purchase Christopher instead of the "other elf":

1907	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my children to start a new tradition in our household. Last year they were constantly coming home from school and telling me about their friends who already had taken part in this fun Christmas tradition so I am excited to try it out this year. I love the story that comes along with the elf!!

3651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this bag. It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be, I can fit a lot of my dice sets inside of it. Its super soft and a very nice addition for anyone looking for a new bag or more bag sets.

- The cards are hard to remove from the box.  There's very little room to squeeze a finger in to get any leverage.  You almost have to tip the box over, hold the other sets in and let gravity take over to get a deck out.
 If you're into meaty card games or Game of Thrones, then this game is simply an no brainer.
7176	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I like the idea of this game, bought it for my 7yo son. We played this once a couple months ago (he got it for Xmas) and haven't played it since. Kind of a lot of rules and the cards only stack up one way (they're shaped like a piece of bread so if you turn them 180 degrees they don't stack nice). Not a fan.
4271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and my uncle love Monty Python and we have been playing Fluxx. I decided to get the expansion/game to have them play. They played it for hours and could not stop laughing and having a great time. Came at an awesome speed. Enjoy it!!
5474	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I guess it was because I told the boys that girls liked Twilight because Edward was the 'perfect' boyfriend....but after that, my teen boys, 14 and 15, started studying the Twilight movies like they were some magickal text.  They swear that they HATE Twilight, but couldn't wait to dive into this game when I got it.
5185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Terrific game. I frequently gift it to families. As for the age range, our 7 1/2 year old has been playing for a while but the strategy can prove difficult (maximizing points) She has most fun playing against neighborhood friends the same age vs. adults. Not many fun, challenging board games for only two players. This one is really fun.


7508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great product quality, kids love it. I personally like the feel and graphics of the original/classic better, which is why I do not believe this was worthy of the full 5-star.
Enter Bananagrams.  This gem takes the principles of Scrabble (words spelled across and down, interlocking, where every string of adjacent letters must form a word) and adds a furious pace that ends games in 2-4 minutes.  It removes all the paint-drying boredom of Scrabble, turns up the intensity and speed to a scorching pace, and leaves you mentally exhausted after just a few minutes of play.  Winning a close-fought game (like most of them) is immensely satisfying.  There are also variants that are suitable for solitaire, longer play, and also less intense play.  And its small size (can fit in a purse) makes it easy for toting to the restaurant for a few games while waiting for food.  There is no board to play on, all you need is a flat surface.
5708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If you are introducing the game to new players, make sure they are comfortable with variable goals or you will be in for a frustrating game. If you can deal with the fluctuating rules and changing goals, then this is a fun game. This edition has a special appeal for science fiction fans with all the in-jokes and nods to various popular stories/movies/tv shows.
3498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a well-reviewed game, I do not think I have much to add other than my 12 year old son, a huge RPG fan, LOVES it and enjoys playing it on his own.

Still if you are looking for a way to laydown a map instead of drawing it, you can't go too wrong here.
4224	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looney Labs' Monty Python Fluxx is a variation on their popular Fluxx card game, expanding on the updated game play first introduced in Zombie Fluxx. The added bonus is the insanity of the Pythons, for this game includes dead parrots, knights that say "Ni!" and not even one morsel of cheese.
3268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I personally loved this game. it was a bit unfair when playing with anything but the 6 people. because it was to easy for people who where positioned around the empty spaced to conquer the board. I would like to play again with more people. Great concept!
2715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT
1875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Huge hit with the kids. I definitely recommend getting this if you have kids. It's kind of pricey, but well worth it in memories.

7996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas gift for a 3 year old. She spent a lot of time selling us things all afternoon. Very well constructed. She loves old credit cards . This was perfect. Very fine product.
1210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just try not to like it, I dare you. Blessed with an easy rule set, fun presentation, and the fact that everyone is in the game right up to the end, Ticket to Ride is one of best games I have ever played. Luck, strategy, and the ability to screw over your friend & loved ones. This is the game that should replace those moldy old family game night staples like Monopoly.
It's high quality, durable and features removable red pajamas. Note though, that the pajamas are sewed to the doll on the back so while they can be unbuttoned and removed, they'll never get lost. For me, that's a good feature as I expect otherwise the pajamas would have been lost the first day!
2498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed.

675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for kids to learn about saving money
The Elf itself is made from cloth and the face is plastic (I thought it was porcelain or something and was scared of it falling) so if a cat knocks it down overnight it's no big deal.  The book is very long, and I don't think we're going to include it as part our tradition.  I'm just going to tell her my own version every Christmas and hopefully that will make it a little more our own.  The entire thing comes in a very nice box, and the book is hard cover and nice so I believe it is worth the money.
8677	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to brighten my cubicle at work.  Someone is always picking it up and playing with it.  I recommend.
4454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game but hard for my 6 year old.  I would say 3rd grade and higher.  My 3rd grader is 8 and does well.  But if you have someone under 3rd grade I would do the Appplegrams!

4338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
9464	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I found none of the incorrect answers as stated in some other reviews. These are very durable as my 7 grandkids play with them daily. They are a big help to my 2nd and 3rd graders who are memorizing their multiplication tables and the younger ones just love pushing the buttons down and acting like they know the numbers. They all enjoy them.
3003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Came with all of the pieces to replace a boring seat, including soft rubber washer-like plugs so that it doesn't tighten too much against the fragile porcelain toilet surface.  The metal was as shiny as pictured.  The 'scallop' design was more of a 'rope' design, as it's more twisted than scalloped, but works well with the decor.  It is heavier than the prior seat, and can sound loud when closing, but I haven't noticed any damage from the handful of times that it was dropped shut.  I will definitely look for something similar when replacing other bathroom seats.  Much nicer than the ones found in big box stores nearby.
But be warned - it is THE most boring game in the universe. After ten minutes you will find yourself in a stupor. You'll look at the board and begin trying to calculate how much time it will take for the game to END. Soon you'll feel the urge to throw your chair through the window...not the loving-family-ambience you were expecting.
1028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THE RECIPIENT'S WERE DELIGHTED.  BOTH GAMES ARRIVED ON TIME.....
4959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love love this game!!  Me and my 8 and 10 year old boys love it and picked it up pretty quickly (it really isn't difficult), but for some reason my husband just doesn't get it. We just play without him, but I could play it over and over.  And because it's just matching colors and shapes, younger kids can play, too!
8663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product..fast delivery
(1) Knave Squadron Pilot, a level 1 non-unique pilot that costs 27 points (yikes!).
I hope this was helpful.

6920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is very appealing to boys because it has cars, but also very educational because it is puzzles to solve which uses reasoning!  My son (5)has the JR. version and really likes it!  It also comes with a storage bag that I love and its easy to take with you.
8147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game. I love the more classic feel. It is almost impossible to find in the store without it being spongebob or despicable me or just some weird version that is different than i remember. The kids and i enjoy it.
I would recommend it!
435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun Family Game!
4621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've played Bananagrams with a number of different players, and ultimately, I must say that the game is fun, but there are some issues. The short advice is that if you like word games (like Scrabble), you'll probably like Bananagrams.

5304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Probably best for kids 8+, altho younger might manage with some help.....but kids love it and the best part is that it isn't boring for adults.  The tiles make a colorful design as you build the game and the pieces are high quality wood.  I would buy more as gifts.

4130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son found an old Imagine Ink Hello Kitty tablet the other day and colored the WHOLE thing in a day. He kept talking about how much he liked it and I felt bad because I haven't seen these in stores for years...or maybe I just haven't looked. He wasn't wild about the crayola markers that you use on special paper so it never occurred to me he would enjoy these. I was thrilled to see they were all over Amazon and in some of his favorite characters. I got him a few for gifts. He LOVES minions and paw patrol and thomas so I'll be back often to get these.
286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Note that my review is identical for the three packs we own.
3038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my dogs because the like small toys and tend to not tear them up. These are pretty sturdy and my dogs love, just don't give them to dogs without supervision.
7232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this game.  Probably his favorite of all his board games.
The game is played by rolling 7 "hero" dice then rolling a number of "dungeon" dice equal to the dungeon level starting at level one and increasing by one each round.  The different hero dice are used to conquer the results of the dungeon dice.  The further you go the more experience (this game's points) you receive.
3127	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good product. I actually like these "besteva" pillows better than the "too poofy" Pillow Pets. My son got his first one before the Pillow Pets even came out and he has had it 4+ years and still loves it. I bought this one for my nephew and another one for my younger son. Good purchase!
All these cards are not as awful as several people have said in negative comments. It uses actual 4th Edition D&D and it plays well for people who just want a casual night of gaming with family and/or friends. It's nothing extravagant but it will keep you in D&D without having to be a DM(Dungeon master). That is plus for me, since I have been a DM all of my life and never had others who could DM but once or twice.
7696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	5 yr old loves it - so do his parents.
304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If you want something other than a large battlemat, this set of tiles is a good starting spot for a DM.  Problem is 80% of the pre-printed modules you have will not use the majority of the tiles in here, and you will need 2 for most dungeons of descent size.
832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful board game with little trains. So much fun to play and learn the USA.
7006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter used this all summer as a calculator and money storage place for her lemonade stand sales
5510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	To call this a wonderful "game" seems a little limiting. Memory is a fun game, and the cards are certainly beautiful, and very sturdy. However, this game can be used for more than just the game of memory. The cards are sturdy enough to be stacked and built with (something my toddler loves about them), and the colors and pictures stimulate the imagination and senses. I recommend this game highly not just to people that have children that enjoy playing "Memory", but also to parents of toddlers that like to build and look at pictures.
4. Learning Curve: This game takes very little time and energy to learn. If you're not able to learn games like Civilization, this game is for you. It's very easy to play.
3286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gameplay:
9143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have picked up several of these types of pieces during our train building/buying marathon that has lasted many years now. These are typical brio quality. They are well built, sturdy pieces. They have been helpful. We have found you need a variety of sizes and shapes to fill in the odd opening. These have been more than helpful because you can make your track go straight without having it go too far straight and running off the table.
9666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ordered as replacement pieces due to dog chewing previously purchased ones.  Worded perfectly.

Some advisors give victory points (the Jester and the Queen); some give soldiers (the Sergeant, Captain and King) and most give resources. If a player influences an advisor, no other player may influence that advisor during that season. So there is an important strategy to where to place your dice.
5445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like the Scene It games pretty much. The premise is similar to a Trivial Pursuit type of experience, but with 2 changes. One, all ages can play (with an older helper to read, use the remote, etc.) and two, the "questions" sometimes involve watching a "scene" (hence the name Scene It!!) and answering questions about that.
Two appeared much darker then the other chrysalis and I thought they were dead too, but nope, they were still alive, and became butterflies along with 4 other... So we got a total of 6 butterflies.
One note for any other teacher who might try this strategy: A little less than half of the cards are inappropriate for this purpose. Be sure you know what the students will find when they open the text.
4574	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Buyers should be aware that if you order this game on Amazon,  it is likely you will receive a counterfeit product,  a cheap knock-off from China,  not the original, trade-marked Bananagrams game.  The one I received was absolutely inferior to the ones being sold in Target and other stores.  The tiles were hollowed out on the back,  cheaply printed (the letters seemed like they would get scraped off with any play)  and came in a cheaply made bag with a wimpy zipper.  I sent it back and am hoping for a full refund.  I went and bought a replacement at Target,  and it is of such a higher quality, it's disgusting.  The tiles are like Scrabble tiles,  heavy,  with recessed printing,  and there is a trademark on the brown label on the bag.  The one I received from the Amazon seller looked like it came from a gas station,  cheap garbage.  Shame!
8161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this game for sentimental reasons as I had it as a child. A fun game, easily played by everyone in the family.
2246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So happy I found out about this. It was fun for the whole family. My son really enjoyed looking for him everyday. Our elf came out the day after thankgiving. Along with playing hide n seek the elf would do things. On days our son was very naughty the elf would be naughty too... One night the elf threw my son's clean undies in the x-mas tree and around the room... another night the elf TP-ed his room.... we had a blast with ideas. When he was good he got something some mornings. Like a christmas book or movie. On christms eve the elf left reindeer food (oats and cookies sprinkles) to throw on the lawn before he went to bed. Now I have to come up with more ideas for next year!
Sturdy, well padded mallots come with it as well.
Both the multi-player and the Solitaire options of this game are a lot of fun.  Plus, there's excellent educational value in both learning to spell and strategize.
Rating: 5 out of 5 Stars for the miniature, 4 out of 5 Stars for the cards. If you are playing in the campaign game, this is definitely a pack to get.
I have only seen a few episodes of the show, two of the people we were playing with had never seen it at all, and the others were die hard fans.  Having not seen the show didn't seem to effect the enjoyability of this game.  Once we got going and got the hang of it, this was a lot of fun.  We were all different biker gangs competing for territory, guns, drugs etc to see who could end up with the most money at the end of the game.  On one hand it reminded me a bit of Risk, where you are trying to get the most usable territories and hold them so that you can expand from a strong base.  However there is a lot of negotiation and tactics involved.  Our group had a great time playing and we will certainly play again in the future.  Because of the imaginary violence, drugs and other adult things, I wouldn't advise playing this with your children.
5743	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Keeps you on your toes. constantly changing so you don't get bored. Very clever and funny similarities with Star-Geek stuff
1427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my dad, a train enthusiast. I've played it twice and have enjoyed it very much and he seemed to enjoy playing it too. It's not overly complicated and easy to learn, yet challenging all the same.
I use it for my 3.5 game as well as my new Pathfinder game.
2164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Red Dragon Inn and have made it my mission to own all of the expansions! The Character Trove is a must-have to hold all of the cards in one place.  I love that they can be well organized! It fits all of the cards, coins, instructions....EVERYTHING.
1976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great concept for those who have children 3-7 years old that still believe.  Even gives parents excitement of being able to find unique locations on a nightly basis.  Great invention!!
It sets up and plays like all the other 'scene-it' games.
5097	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is fun for everyone, so glad we got it!
4225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	cool game



8854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for my two year old granddaughter! She loves playing the gathering drum by herself and with others. The drum is colorful, sturdy and well-made. It produces a nice sound. I highly recommend it for the music makers in your family.
- Mixing up cornstarch or flour in hot liquid for thickening
+ Interesting figurines

Really love this game and we play it as a family about 2-3 times each week - probably 10 times as much as all our other games.
9651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This Toy has helped my daughter with her homework. She is now learning her multiplication table much more easily and effective with this Math Keyboard! She finds it fun while its allowing there to memorize her times tables. I give it a 4 rating only because the numbers don't appear dark enough like the one I had when i was growing up but none the less you still can see it and it makes the child focus harder on the answer. This is a wonderful learning tool.
3221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	In terms of playability, Kingsport is much better than Innsmouth as it actually gives you some bonuses and things to do that help the investigators out. It also doesn't have an endgame trigger the way that the Innsmouth track does.

2951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute puppets.
You must make your way through the rooms in a linear fashion, flipping cards over while you play. Each card has a quantity of Data Files, and usually advances the Proximity Dial. You must get into the facility and get out before the "Proximity Dial" reaches 99. And you need to collect the data on the way. Since you trigger security measures as you go, the Dial quickly begins to rise. If you are still in the facility when the Dial reaches 99, you're toast.




4167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So a couple of things to note about this game that others might find useful. Yes, I am  GoT fan, but I  also enjoying some of these living card / deck building games that are not genre or fan specific like Dominion. I think someone who enjoys games can find this game worthwhile even if they are not a fan of the series, book or movie.
Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem can be played in two different variants  the High Octane that adds special gang abilities conferring different strengths based on the club, or the vanilla mode where all the clubs are equal. I suggest you go immediately into High Octane, as the vanilla mode simplifies things but the game isn't that complicated to begin with.
9379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is 2.5 and this was by far her favorite Christmas present.  She uses it daily, and it has been holding up great despite the constant pounding.  Can't wait to get more styles!
3173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!
1881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been wanting to get an elf on the shelf for the last couple of years but haven't because I thought they were kinda expensive. Well this year I finally decided it was time . It arrived in its sealed box with a hole in the front (so the elf can breathe) and a beautifully written story book. My kids loved it. And of course the elf. His hands are stitched together so he is able to hang on things and he is very easy to arrange in all kinds of places. My kids adore "zippy" !! He will forever be a family tradition in our household . He has brought soo much joy this year to my kids! If you have been hesitating because of the price , don't . He is worth every penny!! :)
718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game that even my youngest can play!  Fast to learn, about 1hr to 1.5hrs of playtime.  Great quality board and pieces.  My only complaint is that the cards are small.  In some of the other versions they are full sized cards, but this version they are not.
This game, when you have the 1-2.5hrs needed for some of the scenarios with friends, just plays so well with the whole group. It's truly cooperative, every character is different and everyone can contribute into the fun.
2789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Three year old grandson loves this Pete the Cat Bedtime Blues doll.  Sleeps with him most nights.
288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This a perfect must have set! It really helps my group better plane fights and helps add a lot of eye candy to your gaming.

4326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect game for a family game night.
4196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I used this for signatures at my wedding. It looks very nice.
The board is high quality. The DVD is amazing and extremely fun. The tin in comes in is also amazingly colorful and detailed.
I discover that even board games are not immune to shrinkage.  With the cost of rising raw materials, manufacturers attempt to increase their profits without hiking their prices.  A common tactic is to decrease the amount of materials used to make the product, which is what Hasbro has done.

5501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 4-year old takes this out and just starts playing with it.  she has her own ipad, and whenever idle will clamor for TV (which she knows she isn't allowed to watch), but i just feel better as a parent when she picks this up on her own and loves playing with it.  its something tangible that builds her skills and intellect.

Crew cards include (unless otherwise noted, these crew cards can only be used on huge Rebel ships):
6262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this  needs to go slow just like you are driving it .  take your time you will fine a way to make it or try something else to climb  take your time. i use clear plastic straws  from any fast food place to cover front and back linkage .
148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was pleasantly surprised the quality of the eggs. They are durable and will be a valuable spiritual and educational tool for my grandchildren.
- A few of the cards have blue residue from the back of other cards that rubbed off onto the face of the next card.
Cons:
7156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is non stop fun for large parties. Beware as it can be noisy and sounds like a real market! I love it!
2) Chinese Checkers: This set does NOT utilize real glass marbles which look aesthetically pleasing in their soft pearlized hues and feel pleasantly organic to the touch. Oh no. Rather this set comes with cheap, pathetic little lightweight plastic "balls" in obnoxious primary colors. The pathetic plasticness of these "balls" renders them utterly useless for anything other than annoyingly rolling to the four corners of the Earth -- at every touch, turn, hiccup, and/or breath!
3287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pros
1547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made eith a great book for toddlers and a good place to store the elf until next year.
CON'S



Buy it.  It rocks.
6785	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bit cheaper than the original I remember as a kid. In any case, it has been lots of fun playing this game with my son.
7038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great price fast delivery good quality
8195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this game for our grandson who is 3. He does great with the colors. Our son LOVED this game when he was little and now our grandson is enjoying it too.
8576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	is as expected
1749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone keeps saying they don't like the book because it gives the kids the wrong idea.  This totally gave my daughter an eye opener.  She recently started preschool, and it has been extremely hard to wake her up.  Ever since Scout (the elf) came to visit us she has been on her best behavior.  She even falls asleep on her own at night!  Which is something I haven't been able to do for years now!  Every morning she wakes up before school all bright eyed and bushy tailed to find out what Scout did over night.  This is a HIGHLY recommended product!!  My daughter loves Scout!
These are sturdy well made and have been strong enough to hold up through countless set ups, tear downs and hours of play.

9753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	She is waiting for her worms to arrive but it seems to be exactly when she wanted.  It was for my great granddaughter who is 3 years old.

My main filler game has been Zombie Dice, by Steve Jackson Games. Zombie Dice is a quick, easy to learn press-your-luck game and is a lot of fun to play with a group. Dungeon Roll fits into that same category, but with some different twists. The most obvious being a dungeon/fantasy theme. But Dungeon Roll adds some cool elements in treasure tokens that can be used to provide additional strategy options, such as turning regular monster dice into dragon dice, using an invisible ring to avoid battling the dragon, and other options.

1511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good and very expensive board game.
- Train and railroad theme is not for everyone
2768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute! I ordered this with the bedtime blues book for my sons birthday, I do wish it had a hat like in the book but it's still cute.
346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A must-have for fans of the base game, Lords of Waterdeep. This expansion comes with two "Modules", or ways to augment the base game. Each module comes with its own set of buildings, intrigue cards, quests, and lords. There are symbols on the cards to distinguish between "Base Cards/Buildings", "Undermountain Cards/Buildings", and "Skullport Cards/Buildings". Players can choose to play with both modules as well.
2472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas present. was played with and it worked great!
4977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We played this game at a friend's house and liked it so much that we bought 2 sets so eight can play.  That worked great and made it a bit more challenging.  The pieces are smooth wood blocks laquered in bright colors.
8562	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow this game is genius.  played with a 70, 40, 38, and 6 year old and it was insanely fun.  we all laughed so much.

3653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looks good and made a prefect present for a GOT fan
3143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	How to play:
3118	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 month old loves these little guys.  The red T-Rex squeaks and the baby in the egg makes a crinkle noise.  The little cave man has fuzzy hair that we rub our sons hands over introducing him to textures.  The cave itself is not really played with at all right now, but I'm sure it will be played with in the future.  We are really happy with this purchase.
In service,
Straightaway portions of the track are easy to traverse, but the game is won and lost in the corners. You see, each corner requires you to stop a certain number of times. To make the required number of stops inside the corner, players must carefully plan out when to downshift so they don't overshoot a corner and damage or destroy their car. Overshooting corners, emergency downshifting, and collisions with other cars all have a negative impact on a player's vehicle. Each time their car is damaged, players must move the plastic peg of the damaged attribute on their pegboard towards the zero. When a specific attribute reaches zero, their car is generally destroyed and they are out of the race. Because it really isn't that hard to destroy your vehicle, players must plan out their track position and time their shifting carefully. Cars can be repaired (though rarely fully) at the end of each lap by making a pit stop.

2607	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Totally  Used  Book !
9514	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of money, u have to pay 5.99 more for the insects
1790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids love the antics of this little elf.
The Action Phase begins with resolving raid orders based on the order of players on the Iron Throne Track. All moves in this phase are based on this order. Note this means that if you have a five player game, then the first player resolves one order, then the second player etc... in order and comes back around to the first player if any tokens are left to be resolved. March orders are next, again one battle at a time per player and finally Consolidate Power tokens. Then you clean up the board making sure armies and tokens are removed from the board.
5196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	gift
4161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We really like this-first let it be known it is not a simple and quick game. Made that much harder if your not familiar with these type of card games. By the way you will most likely need more cards That being said with some time and patience you will/could love and enjoy this game. Game play is fun, hardcore GOT fans will thoroughly enjoy this!

highly recommended for ALL ages.
Z-95 HEADHUNTER
7857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had a second-hand one for my child that we like a lot. So when I needed to buy a pretend cash register for the Family Play Space at the library where I work, I chose the same one. I knew it was well-made, my child plays with it often, and I could remove the battery so it wouldn't make noise in the library. It still chimes when the drawer is opened, but no beeping with the press of every number. Even without the battery, the solar calculator still shows the numbers as they are added. I can't put out the coins for kids to play with, since they are a choking hazard, but the kids at the library love it anyway. It is played with almost constantly all the hours the library is open!
5599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nephew loves it
1005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I grew up playing Rail Baron, which is an awesome train game but very complicated and takes a long time to play (seriously, it makes Monopoly look speedy). This game feels like a simpler version of Rail Baron, where they kept all of the fun parts. I like that it takes some skill, but not so much that the game is constantly held up while players contemplate their next moves. And you can make it as competitive as you want, by concentrating on your own trips or by purchasing routes that other players will need. You are not set up to fail, like Pandemic. You have to collect resources, but there are always options so you won't get stuck waiting for wood and bricks like in Settlers of Cataan. It's just fun for the whole family.
*Levy AR Lab Access (4.5) The only reason this card doesnt get a 5 is because there might be a few runner decks that don't need it.  Overall its pretty nice though.  It synergizes well with other event cards.  Play them all, then reset your deck.
8320	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	MY GRANDSON WILL LOVE THIS GAME

8046	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Its not exactly the same as the Candy Land from when I was a kid but my 4 year old loves it all the same.
8036	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, wasn't damaged
and also lights too. COOL STUFF


9925	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The caterpillars are free , but there is a $15 S&H fee.
Why Pathfinder? Well, the beginner box is excellent, but I'll get to that later. Another benefit is that the full game system documentation is available for use online for free. PDFs can be had for $10, and of course the print copies are available too. Having so many options available is wonderful. Finally, it has much in common with Dungeons & Dragons (arguably the most popular PnPRPG out there), so familiarity with one will help familiarity with the other.
Have fun.
2359	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this product.  My six year old and I like to play these songs together and they are enough of a challenge for her that she doesn't get bored.
2302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved having Christopher around this Christmas :-)  He definitly didn't help my 4 year old behave any better, well maybe for about a week, but it was soooooo fun hiding him when my son was sleeping or playing or out of the house.  We would be driving home from somewhere and my little guy would say out of nowhere "wonder where Christopher will be hiding when we get home?" and he tries to beet us in the house running from room to room, precious memories.  Worth it even if it is for 1-2 Christmas'.
One last thing. He is a big action figure. I would not recommend this as a toy. He is quite heavy and bulky. I would imagine that playing with him is a chore. If children don't care about how heavy he is, then that's okay. I just collect them to look at and listen to.
9074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter got this today for her first birthday and played with it for at least 20 minutes straight (as I figured she would since she loves banging on things).  Definitely a new favorite in our house!  Maybe she'll be a drummer :)
+1 Multiple Gears sizes
3028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a birthday gift it was well received. Not know anything about this subject it was nice to be able to order it online.

7661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This Christmas present has become a favorite at our house. My kids regularly get it out to play various versions of store. At the same time it's been useful in Math class to help teach money skills (it comes with a nice supply of fairly realistic looking play money) and it's also been in use as a calculator. The little notepad that came with it was used up quickly, but they've enjoyed the cash register without it.
525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a deceptively simple word game that may enjoyed across many skill levels and ages. My kids who are teen and pre-teen play it and I've used it during sessions or groups with individuals diagnosed with Autism. It's a lot of fun and easy to learn. It is also very portable which is good for family trips or use in multiple locations.
6052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Formula D is a game played by racing around a race track, using the numbers rolled on various dice to determine how far you can get in any given turn.  Of course, it would be too boring if that is all that had to be done, so to complicate things, there are curves where your car must slow down to "touch down" a specified number of times, as well as consequences for going to fast, "touching" another car, or slowing down too quickly.
5931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this a month ago and finally had a chance to play it a week ago. It's pretty fun. I played it 2 players and with 3 players. Office cards are pretty OP. I haven't tried to play it without the Office cards. Simple game and pretty fast to teach new players.

6771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	nice
The build of this car is very impressive.  I have jumped, bashed, raced and generally had way more fun with this car than should be possible with a 1/14 car.  It has been hucked, crashed, run over (by another RC car), chased by dogs and even hit a tree with NO parts broken.
9576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Adorable....easy to put together.....14 month old LOVES it!!!  We actually bought it for the beach and noticed it didn't come with a way to anchor to ground. If this is your purpose in buying, then bring your own way to secure it.
4025	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The screen has almost all of the needed information to play on it. I wish it had the definition of weapon qualities on it as I have to look those up in the core rule book regularly.
3544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great price for my preschooler's classroom pinata.  We made small baggies with each of the children's names on them, then filled with non-candy treats.  This was the perfect size for each of them and a great price.
Ticket To Ride is, in my opinion, the best light strategy (or "gateway") game on the market to bring family and friends together.  Actual game time may vary depending on the number of players, their familiarity with the maps and rules, and how quickly they can strategize and complete their turn (most turns are finished in a minute or less but some could last up to 5, especially when choosing additional route tickets). I'd say every version of Ticket To Ride (even with expansions) takes about 60 minutes on average but a game could last anywhere from 30-120 minutes (the difference between having 2 players vs. 4-5, for example, and/or if some newbie players need rules or strategy help, or are just really bad at making decisions and revising their strategy on the fly).
2191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for kids of all ages.  10-year-old son was disappointed at first as it was not the grownup version, but more appropriate for his age and he has oodles of fun.

7516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids are having a ball with this game.
2754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loved these.
I personally have been waiting for a "flat"version. I found that the 3-d version was unnecessarily bulky (they could have made a better "locking system" if they wanted a bump free version), the pieces were too big to throw into a drawstring bag and draw from (I'd rather not have to turn them all upside down and then make room for all the bulky upside down pieces to take up half my table), and the peices were too bulky to easily conceal from the other players.. we had to all get shoe boxes, or keep them upside down and remember exactly which pieces we had.
 Design and construction are top-notch, which is why I rank it at four-stars even though I won't be playing it.
2296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	looked awesome and worked just fine and price was great, quality was great too, would purchase from again in future
9947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied!
4850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift
Bottom line - this a really cute family room set, and a good value.  I think this version is being retired (new version has an aquarium and costs more), so buy it while you still can!
Forget that. Why can't *any* game system's screen be this well thought out?
4718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Santa brought this for my daughter and he loved it. She immediately opened it and started playing with it. The booklet will probably be ignored but the instructions are helpful for what order to put it back together in. Heck, I liked it, too!
3982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great price
9618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product was delivered fast and just what we needed as we were missing some pieces.
We are more online gamers than board gamers, but still love a good strategy game.  We purchased this game at the same time that we purchased Dominion.  My 10 and 8 year olds tend to opt for this game over Dominion and my 6 year old would choose Dominion over this game in a heartbeat.
5. RePlayability: We've played this game over and over again. While expansions make it more replayable, given the new terrain in each one, even just the original board/game is replayable. I give it a high replayability score.
This edition contains slightly different rules than the original release.  It is helpful to have both.  The other rules can be found at Boardgamegeek.
6000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For SoA fans, this is a  must have.  Even if you are not a fan of the show, but enjoy games of strategy, you'll like this.  Using show characters, you'll manipulate their positions to ensure that you end up with the most power and most money of any of the 3 or 4 players.  Even if you've never seen the show, it's an easy to learn game and fun.  Strategy, Fun and Imagination, along with constantly changing situations, will make it fun to play this game many times.
5830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another Christmas gift that was welcomed and well received by a young 30 yr. old man.
3315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have had many hours of fun and backstabbing with this game. It's like risk, but with no dice to ruin your strategy. Setting up truces, (and breaking them) is really half the game. Even if you're not a fan of the series, this is a great game.


3650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son, had gotten some dungeons and dragon dice for Christmas. He had been borrowing his dad's dice and the dice bag. Well, shortly after getting the dice, I decided to try and find a dice bag of his own. I thought the sword on the bag fit perfectly with the color of his dice and it's a good size and can hold more than one set of dice (so if he gets anymore of his own). The dimensions are 6.25"x 9" (15.9cm x 22.9cm). It's 50/50 polyester and nylon.
1. The winning objectives. I'm not sure I like the Death Star counter. It really places a premium on the light side not letting it's objectives get destroyed or letting the balance of the force fall to the dark side.
4844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got these (and a few others) for my wife--I married her in June of 2013. She came from the Southern Border of Mexico and spoke ZERO english. IN just over a year, with my help, with the help of these kinds of activities, she is now at probably high school level English. I am very proud of that--and really these are excellent because they do many unique things. This applies to anyone--children, teens, adults, or people like my wife learning English as second language.


4466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  Nice feel to the tiles and the bag.  Ready to expand to the double set.  If you're a word gamer or board gamer, this is one you shouldn't miss...best part?  You don't need a board!  Just the bag of tiles and a flat surface.
7639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Snake and ladders is the "soccer" of board games. Played by everyone around the world; Rich , poor, war zones, villages, you name it. Some of the snakes in the original snake and ladder were even scary. To remove the 'fear component' and for uniform appeal, they replaced snakes with Chutes. In the process killed the snakes completely and the fun partially. Chutes and ladders lacks the punch of having a snake bite.  The board is fairly large, coins of decent size. The quality is fair enough for one growing child and pretty cheap.

2853	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	PASS
As a summary, there aren't many games out there that deals with drugs, guns, extortion and gangs. Sons of Anarchy (even if you don't watch the show) is effective. You play as a biker gang and your main goal is to get the most money after the end of the game. It has elements of Catan, Risk and area control / negotiation skills. You need to see which locations are important per round and you also need to keep track of and estimate what your enemies have.
6820	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.  its great and portable for taking to doctors offices and other long appointments and a lot of fun to play.  My 10 year old and I take turns doing puzzles and have a lot of fun together.

7545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	SUCH a fun game... my kiddos and I LOVE it....
7488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a teacher and have used this toy many years in my preschool classes.  I expect my grandbaby y to love it and get years of use from it.

2213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product at an excellent price! I am very satisfied with my purchase. Thank you so much
1788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A+A+A+
5493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As a die hard Trekkie, I was afraid that this game would be much too easy for me. I had previously tried the Disney version of Scene It and had little difficulty answering every question correctly.

8013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you never played this game with your kids. What are you waiting for? This is the go to game when the kids are at my house.
TO END:
5492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	just finished playing it, and it was fun...for me. lol. If you are going to play this game with others, they have to know something about Star Trek. I played with my brother and his wife (casual fans of Trek) and I just left them in the dust. I guess it is better to play with others on your knowledge level. If we had the same level of knowing, it would have been more of a game. I wish there was an option for an easy, medium or hard question. It doesn't have that.
(1) Wes Janson, a pilot skill 8 unique pilot that costs 29 points, with an awesome special ability that reads, "After you perform an attack, you may remove 1 focus, evade, or blue target lock token from the defender." Given he'll attack first most of the time, this will come in very handy.
If you are already a big fan of board gaming but you haven't played any of the Ticket to Ride games, skip this one and go straight for Ticket to Ride Europe.  It has a few additional more complicated elements such as ferries and tunnels, and a more complex and congested map board.
I have also played this with adults and enjoyed it immensely.
3657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Need the SR-1 to go with my SR-2 Cerberus & alliance Normandy's. Only grip I can have is that the SR-1 is a little bigger than the SR-2's.
The expansion works better with more players as it gives everyone a bit of time to check out the exhibit and possibly get some cool (and helpful) cards.
I have been wanting to start to get my daughter to think about money, and saving it for what she wants.  I didn't know if 4 was too young (she just turned 4), but she understood immediately that she needs to start holding onto money so that she can buy a stuffed animal flamingo at the zoo.  Additionally, she is super motivated now to do things for money.  I debated whether or not I wanted to have this be a part of our routine - money as a reward, learning how to save/spend/etc. so early - but it has been fantastic.  She doesn't quite grasp the "spending" and "sharing" parts yet, but I can tell that she will soon.  I intend to wait until she has a decent amount saved up, then open a bank account where we can deposit it, and use the "share" money on a charity of her choice.  The book suggests putting the majority of the money into "spend" and only 5% into the other two, but we do 1/3 1/3 1/3.  Why not?  For now, it's working great.
3929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome detail.  Really fun to play with.
2043	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've never seen one little doll work such magic, LOL!  I kept one of these in my classroom and here at my house and the behavior in both places improved ten fold!  Love it!

357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Me and my wife play Lords of Waterdeep more than any other game.  The expansions have only made it better.  We've enjoyed both expansions and then have played with both combined.  Playing with both at once with two people is crazy...it's hard to determine a solid strategy...but it's a lot of fun.  We are so looking forward to playing the expansions with larger groups of people.  I've played a lot of euro-type board games and this is my favorite.
I started playing this with my two younger sisters (whom never played an RPG before or like Star Wars, to put things into perspective). And they are having a blast. For two weekends in a row I managed their adventure... with music, improv, the tokens and some special effects thanks to some apps on my phone. The dice are super flexible to the narrative of the adventure and every throw is an exercise of brainstorming. Its a great way to get together with friends and family.
The point of the game is to score big points.  You do this by matching color or shape to create lines.  There can only be one of each color or one of each shape per line.  You get points for how many your play creates in a line.  For example, if you play two pieces to create a line of four, you get four points.  You get extra points if your play can count for more than one line.  And if you complete a line of six (called a Qwirkle), you get a bonus.  Once youve played, draw the number of tiles you played from the bag.  Once the tiles run out and someone runs out of tiles in their hand, the game is over and the high score wins.
I'm dropping a star because there are no jokers in the deck, and I need them. There are a couple of cards with a printed history of the deck on them and I'll write "joker" on them, but it won't be the same.
2921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are adorable. The pajamas match the book!
4624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this is a fun game.  Not like scrabble where you play WITH SOMEONE.  You race to see if you can use all of your letters and then the fun begins.  Everyone must grab a new letter!  So the play continues again.  I liked this game alot!

1362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh my Gosh! We love this game! This is a fast game to learn and doesn't take hours to play. We have spent many fun hours playing this game together and we have loaned it out to friends as well. I recently just bought it for my married daughter for Christmas and she loves it also!
-map and counters to keep track of everything
8657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not too long ago my "quality time" with my two young boys hit a crisis when they both decided that they were sick of all the game we had on the game shelf, so I desperately went out and bought this card game based on a recommendation from a person who works at a toy store.
4837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These things are amazing and great we love them. The kids get really into it and these are NOT easy, they are challenging and it's all about logic and thought. My kids quickly got better than I did at these puzzles!


462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family absolutely love this game! We play it one on one or as a family, sometimes with extended family as well (aunts, grandparents) and everyone love it!

7306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!!!
Admittedly, I enjoyed this game even more when I played with the cards from Ravenloft added into it. Some of the skills in this game don't synergize very well together, but they do with the Ravenloft game. I have a feeling that Wizards of the Coast did that on purpose.

9381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are continuously adding to our home collection of instruments. Both of my children enjoy playing this drum. It has a nice sound, the mallets are comfortable to hold, and it is the perfect size. Even my husband and I enjoy playing it, using the included mallets or our hands. I'm not a big fan of the pattern on the drum, but I guess they are trying to appeal to kids.
2581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of pages!
6356	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year-old son picked up the rules for this game in less than 5 minutes, but continues to develop his strategy every time we play. It is simultaneously easy and complex, and a great way to get kids to employ reason and logic, while having fun. At the same time, there is a good deal of luck involved, too, making it unpredictable and fun.  It is a great way to get kids away from the TV so you can spend some quality time together.
5150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!  I wish more people could play at the same time...

3619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I haven't actually got this figure yet but going from the others i have from this series they were highly detailed so if you are a collector this is a must have
Within the last two turns of the game I was starting to feel that the game had gone on long enough.  I played with experienced players and our game took us about 2.5 hours to complete.  I don't foresee strategy changing much from game to game.  You may buy buildings in a different order, but not much is going to change.
Only other minor gripe is the drawstring bag is a little skimpy if you also plan to put the tile holders (red long rectangles) in with the tiles.... it's literally 1/4" too short to safely secure everything.  I wouldn't trust it with my kids packing it up... unless they put the pouch in a ziplock.
The buzzer haunts my dream at night. That said, if it needs to exist then it should be the classic version without any "new" or "updated" pieces.
8812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 2-year-old son got this for his birthday. He loves playing in it and loading it full of his stuffed animals. I think he will enjoy this for a long time. It is easy to fold up and stick behind the couch or some out-of-the-way place.
It hit the gutter with such force I winced. He wasn't scared at all. In fact he laughed and did it over and over. I was concerned car might topple over, but it never did. It is remarkably stable. It is also light weight for it's size. This makes it easy to move it around the house/garage.  Hands down his favorite toy.
517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love words and forming letters into combinations of words this is a wonderful game. Not only is it fun in a group, but I have played the solitaire version with the instructions they provide inside. It is just like solving the daily Quiddler word sets they provide in some newspapers. They suggest that you are allowed to use a dictionary if it is not your turn. This is not allowed in Scrabble and I am not sure it should be allowed here. Nevertheless, use a Scrabble dictionary if you decide to play this way. fact that you start out small with only three cards in first round and increase a card each round gives younger children a chance to play as a family game. Cards are colorful and durable . In fact I would recommend you use a card shuffler with this game since the cards are quite stiff and number 108 in number. If you are a fan of jumble words this also gives you an edge in this game. Instructions provided are very concise yet clear.
9151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful drum, my kid loves it, and it seems to be pretty good quality. We're not musicians so I can't tell you if it's musically sound, but fun for the kids to play with.
6644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember this game from my childhood so I wanted to share it with my own kids! Everything came as expected. Lots of colored pieces and red and white pegs. The only cons are that the colors of the pegs are very close (red and pink look almost the same color and green and blue are also difficult to tell apart) we just use them universally... doesn't truly effect the play of the game. The pegs also do not snap into place so a slight bump, or a dog stepping on the game board, causes them to fall out easily. We really only had an issue though when we played on the carpeted floor. Overall it's the same game I played growing up, and the above issues are minor.
Please stop with the ridiculous Star Wars and Frozen and every-Disney-movie versions of all of our old games. We want the REAL versions of the games.


9291	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We got this puzzle as a gift for my son. The knob size is good but the shapes are much too complex for a 12 month old to line up. My son understands what to do with the pieces but all the little edges and corners make it much too difficult for him to fit it where he goes. He ends up mad at the toy. The pieces are very thin as well. I would recommend this but only for a child around 24 months old
7795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 and 4 year old love this game.  It teaches colors and counting (we count out the number of squares me move and one versus two colors on a card).  My kids like playing with the gingerbread figures even without the game.
704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had not realized this was a sturdier version than the one I already have.  We received one several years ago for our older child which was a sturdy cardboard. This one is a hard plastic and much more durable.  A good thing for our 'less careful' younger child.
2936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks Amazon! My husband likes his knife!
3069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hours of fun.  Can catch a variety, from bugs to lizards.
Overall really awesome game that had actual thought put into it. This is not just some gimmick to play off the show, but rather a real, interesting game.
While you can buy shares from any and all open corporations on the board, you would profit from focusing your effort on only three or four.  Because it is difficult to keep track- at least for me- of how many of each your opponents have purchased.  Its especially relieving when the other players are spending their money on shares of corporations you don't care about.

2588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect in every way! Thank you!!!  
Each card has specific alignments and powers to attack other cards and a roll of dice determines how successful your attack was.
Game Mechanics
It plays like this: Each player randomly draws 6 tiles and keeps them secret from everyone else. The player who can make the biggest set goes first. Sets are made by either having the a row of the same shape but different colors, or different shapes of the same color. And you play until all tiles have been played. It's pretty straightforward, fun and if you get bad tiles you have the option of swapping out for new ones on your turn.
6765	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The board size is needlessly too large.  Despite the large size, the build in storage for the pegs is too small and poorly designed.  It lacks a storage box or bag making it messy.  Does not stack among our other games.  The packaging is quite large suggesting there may have been a storage container hidden inside, but no such luck.  Regret this purchase.

Anthony Trendl
1224	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I play with our 8 and 10 year olds. They both really enjoy it. The 8yr old just turned 8 and can play. He is a little slow on his turn but really does understand what he is doing and loves it.
317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a friend to go with the first one.  I can't say enough good things about this addition.  It adds a whole new level of challenge and complexity to its companion.  It's a must buy!
947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game. The instructions are pretty straight forward. The game offers good strategy thinking for the whole family.  A simple game that can be played multiple times. The game doesn't take long to understand.  My family had a lot of fun playing this game. We enjoyed trying to out play the other.
Of all of our party games, we have probably played Wise and Otherwise the most. It's always a fun game to play through. We still have a collection of all the completed proverbs through 35 or so games. It's fun to remember some of the ridiculous things that people have come up with.

9658	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson - age 4 - is fixated on railroad crossings and loves this product.
5015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thoroughly being enjoyed!
183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Colorful, fun, modern jigsaw puzzle. We love jigsaw puzzles and nearly always hate the art. This is a chic, cool puzzle!
5978	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All I can say is this is a great game. I brought it to my monthly board game group and those of us that played it really enjoyed it. If you love Star Trek, 4x type games, you'll love it.
Overall (5 out of 5)
3326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, fun, fun!  Best to play with friends who appreciate board games!  Love the miniatures!
9873	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old LOVED THIS!
-Also, the "snaps" on the clear body halves are difficult to connect.  I would suggest practicing clicking the clear halves of the body together before attempting to put in the bones, etc.
2073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had never heard of the Elf on the Shelf before my wife mentioned it last week. We have a 3 year old son, so this is the first year he really 'gets' the whole Santa Claus thing. At first he didn't want anything to do with it, but after a few hours, he was really into it. We read the story (many times that first day), and had a blast coming up with a name for the Elf. The story goes that each night when the child goes to bed, the Elf flies to the North Pole to tell Santa if you've been good or bad. As I said, our son is 3, and he can be rather 'busy', and if he isn't making good choices, we'll say 'What do you think Macaroni (thats what he decided to name his Elf) would tell Santa about that?' an it really works. LOL. It is a lot of fun. I really recommend this product.

8229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A little frustrating for the children, but they are still quite young.  This will become a favorite once they get a bit older!
-Storage of pieces is honestly not good, almost requires for you to make a custom box
5686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We bought this based off of reviews from a great board game review website, but in the interest of trying to maintain the guidelines for review won't mention the site at this time.  :)  But we also looked at reviews on here and that cinched it for us.  Once we opened the pack we played it over and over and even play it when friends come over.  In fact, we let some friends borrow it some time back and it hasn't returned yet.  lol  There is some reading involved so if you have children that are just beginning it might be a neat way to help them along, but wouldn't recommend it for children who are too young to really read well, unless it is just the two of you playing and you want to use it to help them enjoy reading.  Having said all of that I don't want to give the impression there is a lot of reading involved like a novel level.  Just that each card has a little information on them that involves game play.  So enjoy!  We sure do.  Oh we also picked up the regular Flux version and it is also great fun!
8202	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I do my Christmas shopping early starting in October, so the return window is now closed. My daughter unwrapped this this morning, it's Christmas today, and we were excited to play it. I took the plastic wrap and unboxed it myself as I would be inserting batteries and was shocked to find the bones were not included!  No wonder it was on sale so cheap!!!! Amazon, you need to accept a return on this item and you need to inspect the items you represent for quality. Shame on you. I buy gifts for needy children as well and thank god I did not gift this to one of them!
On the other side of the board is a road racing track for drifting, nitrous, blasting through police stops, getting shot at by residents who are tired of the noise your cars make.  So you have a choice, classic racing, or something more like an arcade game.
3943	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The major buzz on Fantasy Flight Games forums is that "every TIE intercepter needs to run autothrusters."
Overall, I have positive feelings about the Disney Scene It game.  Since my family is full of Disney fanatics we had a great time spotting the classics as well as the more recent Pixar and Disney movies.  Unlike some of the other scene its I've played (90's, sports, general movies, etc) I think it's the most age friendly in that anybody will be able to answer plenty of questions and not feel dumb.  For Disney fans, I'd say it's highly recommended.
4744	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was very impressed with this, especially for the price.
703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect gift to teach a young one.  Very pleased.

6496	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	family fun
- Starting to Count
8329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that the whole family can enjoy.  This version is almost exactly the same version that I had as a kid back in the 1960s.  The only change I noticed is that the mice are a little different.  Everything works well and fits together properly.
5980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You get 50 cards to add to the various decks of the game, 25 new Job cards and 25 new Supply cards.  There are 5 new cards per deck i.e. 5 new Space Bazaar cards, 5 new Amnon Duul Jobs, etc.  Some of the show specific (while I realize the entire game is show specific, there are generic cards like Merchant and Helmsman) include Elder Gommen, Nandi's Gun Collection, and The Best in the House.  Tabletop games tend toward the expensive side, and thereby expansions/boosters tend toward that as well.  If you have the game, and need a little more variety you've already got this piece of shiny.
There is still some silliness, and there is more randomness than some will enjoy, but it is more serious than the original.
53	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We had a great time with this craft set.
5.) Holding cards: It's fun to get a big hand of cards (there is no upper limit). Players try to hoard cards so that they can place long trains of cars, scoring the big points. Also, players must always keep in mind that everyone else is watching them, trying to determine where they are going. The longer a player keeps the cards in their hand, the less they tip their hand. However, if one player suddenly uses up all their trains, causing the final round, and you are stuck with a huge hand of cards, it can be quite devastating. My wife found this out the hard way. She was about to connect three cities that would complete two of her tickets - probably winning the game. Another friend of mine, in the same game, had the same problem. Either one of them could have won the game, but because they held the cards just one turn to long - they lost. Of course, I was the evil guy who caused the game to end, but I got my just desserts, losing by only one point to yet another player - and the winning point was caused by her having the longest continuous train of cars.

Solidly constructed, heavy cardboard gameboard. Unit figures are made from plastic. All tokens are made from thick cardboard, and very unlikely to bend. The artwork is beautiful. The only complaint I have is the size/thickness of the game cards. They are a little small and very thin, making them hard to shuffle at times, but I got over this easily.
Easy to Fly  Hard to fly outside
3746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect in every way! Thank you! :)
5717	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	bought this card game a gift. The kids really enjoyed playing it. Did not seem to hard to play. Easy to read instructions
500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this junior version to use as a fun learning tool while homeschooling kindergarten. It is terrific! We play almost every day, often at my son's request. I do help him a lot but the more we play, the more words he is able to construct on his own. The cards are colorful and bright, and they have pictures and word suggestions that we have found to be very helpful. I highly recommend it.
An update - Two months down the road, this toy continues to be a favorite.
1228	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just an awesome Game. Easy to play while drinking, not too much thinking, but stragity is invovled

193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	perfect tool for learning how to tell time one on one with your child. straight forward, wipes easy, love that dry erase marker is included.

Pros:
3542	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Adorable stickers, beautiful, vibrant colors - but very small.
8308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember playing this game in kindergarten and I always enjoyed it. My husband and I were so excited about having a child to share this game with that we bought it when our son was 5 months old and we have played it a few times to show him what it is even though he's not old enough to play it. I'm positive he'll enjoy it when he's older.

7345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tons and tons of fun!! My kids (4 and 2) love to "sell" things and play with the money. They are obviously too young to accurately play with this toy, but they still love playing store. And I love the fact that they can grow into this toy and use it for many years to come.
9881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't love Frontier Logs?  These must be a part of every child's memories.  Everything was as advertised and was a fast delivery.
9116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great. The child loves it, and it stands up to some heavy treatment.

1369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that even my kids like to pay. It includes elements of both luck and strategy, and it is one that I really enjoy playing with other adults, as well as with our kids (we do make some modifications so our 5 and 6 year olds can play along; we play with all our cards on the table so they are visible to all the other players, and we don't play for points).
5433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Scene It lets you play a board game with video input. This version of the game focuses on comedy films.
1855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After buying the elf for my 3 year old, I couldn't resist and bought one for my nephews and niece. They ard 10, 8, 4 and 2. All the kids got into the morning search and their Mom said that she never had to drag them out of bed like usual. My 8 year old niece was the most enthusiastic and proud that she picked the elf's name. Jingle also kept her on her toes and she was golden, knowing that he could be watching. She apparently had one in her school classroom and that added to the fun.
Cons:
3 gibbering mouthers (blob monsters)
7223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a game I heard my sister-in-law talk about, so I bought it for my family. We enjoy it. It's very easy to play, so the smaller kids can enjoy it too.
This cash register does have a credit card slot and it dings when you open up the drawer. Nice large buttons and calculator screen, life-size money drawer.  The plastic feels substantial rather than flimsy.  I was very pleased when I opened the box (the moment of truth when you've bought something online, sight-unseen).
So when I saw this again years later, nostalgic memories came flooding back and I had to get it for my kids.
8816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for family therapy. I also used a few times with my family on a holiday where we were all together.
3226	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Found this game at a Value Village for $2, seems like a good deal right?

Well, my five year old loves this game, and we've played it almost every day since I bought it.  He's beat me several times too!
The charge time is less than an hour.
1803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I know they seem overpriced and annoying but I LOVE THIS THING! Our Elves (yes we have more than 1) make the Christmas season enjoyable for all 3 of my kiddos! I am hoping that when they are older they will take the elves with them into their homes.  Ours have lasted 3 years so far with no wear or tear!
67	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really cute, REALLY time consuming and makes a mess. Daughter loves making these but would be better suited for ages 12+
624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
8027	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Same as it was when we were kids :-)


8935	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice substantial toy for the price. However, its a Christmas present - so it has not been opened or played with yet.
6431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my sons so we could do a family game night. They both enjoy it a lot and it is easy enough for my four year old to play. It came in perfect condition with all of its pieces.
RATING: 7.4
5069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game.  I had never heard of it until recently.  I got it for my 7 year old grandson.  We had a blast playing.  He doesn't have a long attention span but he kept playing this one for a long time.
6218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a for my 30th bday. I always used 380 size motors, so the 540 really shocked me at first! Its fast! Also-i did the measurements of the truck before ordering, and its bigger in real life its size isn't a bad thing-easier to work on when needed. Seems to run well over every surface, but you may want to look into larger wheels for long grass. originally i picked this after researching s/c and monster rc trucks when it comes to bashing. My main emphasis was durability and its holding up well. Another reviewer mentioned the weak front bumper and i agree it is a flaw. But it has an easy solution. I cant say how itll do racing (i just like jumping and bashing) but it handles very well despite having a single shock per tire suspension. Its extremely tuneable and adjustable for all the pros out there. It will fit 8.4 flat packs for more punch and run time. Long range (300ft-ish). And i can tell you it is waterproof! Great setup, a STEAL for 120 plus shippin. Very highly recommend this!
6673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for ONE! Reminds me of a long ago skill of putting ten tiles in order.

7487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the children love this
1489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The USA version of Ticket To Ride is fun but frustratingly cutthroat; I would not recommend getting the base set without the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Days-of-Wonder-Ticket-to-Ride-1910-Expansion/dp/B000K8FYAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Days of Wonder Ticket to Ride 1910 Expansion</a>, which offers three superior variants, more tickets (routes) and regular sized playing cards to replace the tiny ones included in the base set. The main problem with the base set is that whoever builds the big northern routes usually wins, exacerbated by the awarding of a "longest route" ticket worth bonus points. The 1910 expansion offers you the choice of eliminating the longest route bonus and awarding a "most routes completed" bonus instead, or using both of them, or neither. That helps tailor the win condition to best suit the group.
2345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had tons of fun with this game! I'm excited it helps my 3-year-old learn letters. My 7-year-old loves it too. The box is quite big, make sure you have lots of room for storing it. Not a take along type of game. It's really a lot like Twister, with some added learning thrown in. Trying to touch your ears to the letters is fun, and hilarious. The only thing I don't like, is that if we get too many feet cards right away and not a lot of letters, the game is over too soon, and no one has the winning secret card yet. Just shuffle the cards well so you don't have too many feet card. The mat is very sturdy and colorful, and the cards and peices are well made too. We love Dr. Seuss and ordered this for his birthday celebration week. I would recommend this game.
3911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My new favorite game! This was a great price for this product & adds even another layer of creativity to the game!
6268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	super fun!
1236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game that my family loves.
This is a simple game of roll the dice, travel the board, beat the monster, and gather the treasure. It is not a game so complicated that only hard core gamers can enjoy it. There is little head to head conflict between characters unless you go out of your way to make it so. That does not take away from the fun to be had.
Finally, it feels like Star Wars.  Isn't that the bottom line?  Fantasy Flight has a winner here.
The graphics are so much fun, and they help my son understand how the game works.
5737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the addition of keepers that have abilities. I also wish that there was a pack that integrates this version with the original. Like Cookies for the captain or other goals that use the original game and the Star Fluxx Keepers.
5962	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game.  I have been searching for good solo games.  This is definitely the best I've found to date.
7246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like I remember as a kid.. easy to play and fun. I have a 4 year old and a 9 year old- Everybody enjoys it and it doesn't take too long to play. It has the character description stories inside the box which my daughter loved.
9684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made toy. Would buy again.

The physical make-up of the game is impressive. Pawns (gnomes) and movement markers are plastic, reactor, engine and oxygen status markers are wooden blocks color-coded for their respective tracks, the cards and counters are sturdy & well-printed, the board harkens back to "The Awful Green Things from Outer Space" and presents the playing surface and various status tracks clearly. The artwork is amusing and entirely in keeping with the theme, which is inspired in it's humor.
3678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun, we have played different missions and have yet to get bored.
Thank you,
5984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All the original supply depots and job masters get a few more cards that are pretty cool. All the jobs have a new mechanic where you are paid a bonus for every trait you need on the job. All the new crew and equipment are pretty uniquely cool. And once again, if you're a fan of the show (which you don't have to be to enjoy the game) flavor wins all around.
For those who don't think the screen itself is quite worth the money, don't forget the opportunity cost of having to find the time to put together that full adventure for that one game session you just aren't going to have time to fully prepare for. If you prep 3 hours writing up the outline of your adventure, suddenly this looks like a really awesome deal -- and a lot more time went into preparing for this particular adventure than 3 hours.
9987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've used ours a few times now (order the caterpillars from amazon, they're cheaper after using the initial coupon). My boys love it every time!

2094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Dresden Files RPG: Volume 2 - Our World: Volume 2 ;  put together like the old white wolf games.  If you are a gamer and love Dresden this is a must for your personal library
2775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	arrived on time and is very cute. ordered the book also so the doll could go along with it. totally wasn't paying attention to it being a puppet but it's still fine
3 snakes


Gameplay in Qwirkle is speedy and smooth, and the rules are very easy and quick both to teach and to learn.  Despite the simple rules, Qwirkle game-play has ample room for decision making and strategy.  Qwirkle does have an element of luck-of-the-draw, and thoughts about this luck element depend will depend on your own perspective: hardcore gamers might find the luck element too much, but casual gamers will find the luck element just right.  For most people there's just the right mix of skill and luck, and that's why strongly appeals to families and is accessible to a wide range of ages.
6375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Niece loves this
The version of Acquire I purchased is the latest print of the game, by Wizards of the Coast.
7190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves playing it. We play every evening it became part of daily routine. Even adults will enjoy this game

6350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Battleship is a classic game of search and destroy. Players take turns seeking out the placement of another player's 5 ships hidden from their sight. The first player to sink their opponent's armada gains the victory.
Game play is straightforward. You can be playing within a few minutes of unwrapping the game. Play is good for 2-4 players. It can be cooperative or competitive -- certain cards let you manipulate the Proximity Dial, which can put your opponents at a disadvantage.

3503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This box contains everything you need to learn the basics of the Pathfinder RPG system. Granted, it's not everything, if you intend on getting into the full RPG and adventures that go with it, but it is a great way to introduce yourself or others into the system.
If that isn't enough to make an environmentalist excited, I don't know what is. I wasn't sure, however, if the cats would like it, especially since they've tasted the 'bad-for-you' stuff extensively and I wasn't sure if an adjustment to healthy food would be a huge shock.
3672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Even though these come in a sheet and punch out with fingers, it looks great in person. The colors are vibrant and the sigils for each house are spot on. I'm not worried about if they can actually hold paper up because I am using them as a collectable decoration for my mini fridge.
4461	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game knows exactly what it is... which is a bag of Scrabble tiles minus the Scrabble board but disguised in a banana sack... but it's still fun, and I'd recommend it to anyone because word games are fun. 5/5, just buy it
3459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The story was simple but sweet.  I would've preferred names other than "Big Brown Hare" and "Little Brown Hare," (or something like that) since you have to say the names over and over and over.  The warning is that you need to record it pretty soon after you get it.  This was part of a 3 item order that I placed in June.  In September, I'm ready to record it for my niece's birthday this weekend.  I spent over an hour and a half messing with it late last night when I should've been packing.  I started out okay, but then the recordings would stop in the middle of the playback.  I thought it would be the batteries, so I had to hunt till I found 3 new AAA's.  I replaced them, hoping I could pick up where I left off, since it says replacing batteries won't change anything.  I had more problems, so I had to erase everything and start over.  It kept saying turn to the page you want to record.  I tried everything, but it wouldn't let me record the first few pages, though it let me re-record the last few.  I was so upset.  Today I started the return process, and it said the return window only went through July.  Luckily, I got a lovely Amazon customer service lady who courteously and efficiently handled the situation.  I would've been happy with a replacement, but she said that company's inventory turns over quickly (or something to that effect) so she could do a refund instead.  That works.  And Amazon gets major points for being so easy to work with. I order a LOT through here, and intend to keep doing so.  I haven't read a review that said anyone else has had a problem with these (and they are, after all, Hallmark products), so I'll buy one locally and save my receipt till I know I'm happy with it.
8322	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I can't believe I spent money on this POS... the crank doesn't work and the boot has to be swung manually to make it kick the bucket (I had to bend the pole it's on to even get it to be close enough to kick it). It constantly fell apart each time we tried to add more pieces. I put this away after 1 day of frustration and my son hasn't asked to play with it since.
You can take this here or there
700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves his moon jar. This is a wonderful way to encourage saving, sharing & spending.

For a good quality, aesthetically pleasing, useable, properly-sized Chinese Checkers set at a reasonable price, please consider the **15" JUMBO CHINESE CHECKERS WITH MARBLES BY CHH** here on Amazon. It has a lovely, solid wood board with deeply drilled holes and real glass marbles in gorgeous pearlized colors... feels great to the finger, sounds right to the ear, looks much nicer in person than it does online. It has been worth every penny, complimented highly, and well received by all who have played.
4138	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	love the quality for this minion thing
3918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gotta have the Fett
It's HIGHLY variable in length. One game can be a 3-card laydown win. Others are an hour or more.
4908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids really enjoy this game. It's a good size for starting out, but I would recommend ordering the extra pieces if you are going to have 3-4 kids playing together like we do. My kids love it and their friends too. They are 7-9 age range.

6560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cool game! Gets your brain going! Very fun!
4266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a fun game.  For monty python fans this is a good buy, not many games are out there based on their movies but this card game is one of them and brings fun to many family/friend events
Of course, among all this racuous fun (and it can get wild), real education seeps in, since, of course, the sayings speak about the cultures from which they originate, as well as passing some wisdom, as sayings are won't to.
While you do have to wait your turn while others take theirs, and you can annoy people by not paying attention to what others do and when its your turn suddenly the board has changed- youll likely lose because you spent too much money buying shares when no one was competing with you and youll have no one to blame but yourself.  This never happened to me mind you, but I have a friend that  Any downtime you take during this game will be at your expense.
8065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is pretty much the Operation I remember. Or at least as close as it's going to get. Avoid the other version with the horrible reviews. The only drawback to this game is that the board's "chambers" for the pieces are a bit too deep on the sides, so the pieces can hide almost out of sight. The walls should have been closer to the actual room needed for each piece.
8763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was excited to practice math with this learning tool.  The shape is nice, making it easy to hold, and everything seems very sturdy.  I like how you can choose the learning level so this device can grow as my kids progress in math.  The sound and light-up feature for correct/incorrect answers make this an easy-to-use learning tool.
5163	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the age group.  Can use to teach younger ones shapes and colors too.
I think this is my best toy purchase EVER!  It is not something that could be played in the car though--too many pieces.  But it does have a travel bag so you can use it at your destination!


8269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, fun, fun
5805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had to beg my son to let me have this...It's just too cool and makes for a great diversion from TV.
3122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the titanium scissors and these are nice and sharp and the tip is sharp.  They cut tape (even Duck (yes Duck)) tape well with no sticky aftermath.  And, best part, they are fun with very colorful handles. I use mine mainly for paper and tape but occasionally cut fabric and they work great.

This is a Huge Ship with new rules for initial placement, damage location and movement, this expansion come with a special maneuver template.
-short play time and quick turns prevents new players from becoming bored and losing interest. Also permits firing up an immediate second game if the first go is a hit.
3390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product thank you.
Kath Scarlet, a level 7 pilot whose special ability reads, "When attacking, the defender receives 1 stress token if he cancels at least 1 critical hit."
7839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love playing PIT.  It is perfect for 4 to 8 players.  Loud and fast, everyone gets into the game because it is so easy to learn.  I get people to play this game as often as possible! It's so much fun!
Modification upgrade card is:
2482	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this thinking it would do as the box states and hold the tiles in place. It doesn't. Every time you attempt to lay down a new word the existing tiles on the board "buckle" up and pop around making every move tedious and time consuming as it takes small fingers to places the tiles back perfectly. Please see pictures I have included. The tiles are plastic and the letters aren't centered which is not a big deal to me. However when playing the first word,  Gone as soon as I laid down the O the G popped up. When fixing the G the O popped out. The pictures will show what I mean. I wish I hadn't been cheap and would have ordered the Deluxe Scrabble with wooden tiles and the elevated plastic tile lock board. This isn't worth the money. It's not even a step up from the flat board that doesn't hold the tiles, as this is a constant game of popping tiles back in that have already been played.
9885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift - my niece is still enjoying it.  Gives her something to check on each morning - and helps environment. She is excited.
3535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really cute!! well worth the money ;)
7427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	gifted item
There's a permanent marker that floats around the street area where you can have an encounter with to try to get an exhibit item.  This is on top of location cards that may snag you some exhibit items also.  And overall, exhibit items are a little better than unique items so with enough players, it almost makes sense to always have someone try to tap this thing for an exhibit item.
I won't go into a great amount of detail about how the game is played, as that's been done numerous times in numerous reviews here and elsewhere.
7103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really nice for kids who love to count money!
7342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a birthday present for my nephew. My sister said they play at least 3 times a day. He loves it so much.
7913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great, classic game.
5817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Extreme Dot to Dot books are AWESOME.  My 7 year old is in love with them.  The illustrations are great, it's almost magical how the images appear out of these fields of dots.  I know a couple of adults that love these as well.  Get it, young or old, you'll love it!
********UPDATE 3/5/14***********
9511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best device for young promising students
1893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As a mom, I often find myself with not much to do. Once the kids go to bed for the night, I'll sit there wracking my brain for new ways to entertain them. Elf on a Shelf inspires me to be more creative late at night, during the holidays, when I used to waste time wrapping gifts, watching TV, or enjoying a Hot Toddy with another adult. Did the kids even know I loved them before we had the Elf?!  It's a scary thought, but maybe they didn't. Christmas without the Elf is just a few weeks filled with anticipation, candy, shopping, a long school vacation, hot chocolate, cookie decorating, tons of exciting gifts, staying up late watching Christmas movies, sledding, ice skating, gingerbread house building, puzzle building with cousins in front of roaring fires...Like many moms it has me asking, "But what am *I* supposed to be doing?" That's why night-time is Elf Time. During the day, I keep an eye on Pinterest for new ideas. I got a lot of study time in during The Nutcracker with my kids the other night. Currently, I'm at the preschool potluck, and planning some super epic mischief for our Elf to get into!! Sometimes we moms simply need to put in a little elbow grease to create those unique holiday traditions that bind families together. That's what Elfing does for us. I might be tired and stressed out from wrecking my kitchen or the family car to make a single cute Facebook post, but it all will be worth it when I see the kids' surprised amusement for those five, glorious minutes.
Keep an eye on how many trains your opponents have left, don't be stupid and fill your hand with destinations when you won't have time to complete them.
If you are like and look for toys that inspire imagination, exploration, creativity. If you want toys that are not very loud and are easy to play with. If you want something that the whole family can enjoy. If you want a toy that is more than a push the button type of toy, this is the toy you might want.
4931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an easy to learn game to start or for kids but as you play more, it gets more complex and satisfying.
850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The WHOLE family loves this game!
2473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game and quality
2698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Easy game for kids to play. My kids are always asking to play.
 Oh...  Really?
3941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The best bounty hunter.
7251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a pretty good cash register....play money and coins are included.  My 3 and 4 yr old grandchildren both love to play with this when they are here.  It's definitely a hit.  Seems sturdy and well made as well.
I love that both luck and strategy play a part in winning the game.
Our games yesterday took over 1hr the first time, because kids kept goofing off and not trying to win but just wanted to play through the various cards. The next two games took less than 20 minutes each.
4480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. You take tiles to create words. Unlike scrabble you are building your own  grid of words. I do like the fact that no one can mess io a good word you have planned.

1684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids loved him
4460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game! Can't get enough of it. My husband and I love to play as well as the whole family! The tiles are slightly larger than what my friend's bananagram tiles are but I believe that they have stopped making them in the smaller size. The tiles are in sturdy plastic with large letters etched into them and are easy to maneuver. Overall, makes for excellent entertainment
6892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son two Christmas' ago.  Boy, does he LOVE it.  He has mastered all the cards, but still goes back to the game.  It will really keep your child busy.  He was 6 when I purchased it and now at 8 years old it is one of his favorites.  My 6 year old is next to get it.  Absolute loved game.  A must have for a childs collection.  You can't go wrong with this one.
755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game my girls really enjoy it!
1849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.
9691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loved it, wanted to set the train up right away.
6460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this game for my son for Christmas.  We played It couple times a ready today. This used to be one if my favorite board games when I was little. My 5 year old was plying as well with my 7 year old, but my 5 year old lost interest after a while. Move that the dice is attached to the board, so you won't loose it. It's pretty easy and simple game.
9853	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old neice loved to watch the butterflys grow, it was nice to have indoors so she can see the changes everyday. upon opening the box youll find a voucher for the catepillarswhich will take some time to arrive so don't get this if you excpect to grow them within the same week
Overall, a great value for the price.  Great gameplay, and loads of fun!  Fun for gamers and non-gamers, as I have not found anyone that dislikes this game.
5687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A gift for someone else
8298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 and 6 year old love this game!!!! Great for working on fine motor skills. Helps them learn patience also.
8290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Requested, and received the original version, can't wait to play it on Family night!
2682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product at a great amazon price
9363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is really a fun little drum.  The sound is actually kinda nice, and not as loud or offensive as many children's toys.  The animal artwork on the sides is really nice, and my daughter has fun pointing out the animal faces she sees.  The size is just right for toddlers.  Also, the drum sticks are nicely padded balls on the ends of short sticks.  In fact, the sticks are toys in and of themselves.
7614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thanks
7042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great toy. My daughter loves it. She's a bit young for the math component since she's in pre-k, but it's very entertaining and I look forward to her getting more out of it as she becomes more proficient in math.
9174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun for kids!
If you have had no exposure to the Pathfinder universe/RPG, this is a great way to learn about it and introduce others to it. If you already have friends that play Pathfinder, I'd recommend creating a character with them and jump right into the main RPG with help from your friends.
4849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my number loving artist!
The elf and the book have held up well over the past two Christmases. And my children really do behave better when I remind them that the elf is watching. I also think the elf is cute and do not get a scary vibe at all. In sum, I would recommend this book as a fun Christmas tradition.
1371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game because it's a simple concept (enough for young children to play) but still has a strategy component.
6050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is quick to learn and you can play it with a large or small  group. Also has two forms of rules and so many expansions so the tracks don't get boring. Love playing this on game night.
2673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Originally I ordered the box without the counters, which are pretty helpful when playing. A friend bought that one brand new, and I ordered this one instead. Nice family game which allows people to interact.
6485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game will put your noodle to work big time. Plus it is a lot of fun and challenging. You will need to use your logic and deductive reasoning to the max.
There are so many other games that are truly educational and that are well made. I'm just not sure that this is one of them.

231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have collected all of the D&D board games, and this is among our favorites. Stand alone games can be a few hours or you can do campaign mode which can last several sessions, much like a standard D&D campaign. Highly recommend for groups who never seem to want to DM but still want to play. The minis can be painted or left plain. They are excellently detailed, as are the player cards and other components. There are so many components we ended up having to use ziploc bags to keep everything organized. Great addition to a group who doesn't mind long winded games like Risk. We did end up having to implement our own house rules for things like traps which can sometimes bring the game to a grinding hault. Groups who are used to house rules will have no problem adapting the game to fit their group dynamic.
6598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product Great Seller!!!
5532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had so much fun playing this the day we got it.  I love the creepers, new action and rule cards, and the fun combinations of the goal cards, never a dull moment, so it keeps it fun. We played for about 3 hours straight.  Enjoy it, we sure did =)
 - The family version of the game only supports 3-6 players... which is probably my only quibble with the new release. I don't think it works particularly well with 3 players (though 4 - two kids & two adults - worked like a charm). I do understand that limiting the upper number of players makes picking easier for young players and answer duplication less likely.

comes with paper bills, a plastic credit card and plastic coins.  works like a calculator and the open button makes the droor pop out and make a great cash register ding sound. (doesnt sound cheap or look cheap)
7037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old can count money as good as i.  Good price
4501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoy playing this game with the kids.  It's a Scrabble type game without the hassle of having to get out a board and count points.
It's addictive. As in, "This &*%$#!@ game isn't going to get the best of me!!!!" And with me, it usually takes a while...haha
7390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this classic game. It will make a great gift for the kids!

527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun. There is very little set-up. Games go relatively quickly. We play it together as a family. My 12 year old step-daughter loves it.
(3) Black Sun Vigo, a level 3 non-nique pilot that costs 27 points.
9703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time the box had a tear in it but contents were not damaged. Granson can't wait to put butterflies into it. We may even order more caterpillars!

The product page says this is recommended for ages 8+, while the inside of the diary says 3+ and up. I would not recommend this for a 3 year old. However, even though the description says 8+, my granddaughter is 7 and very responsible. I would even say someone 5 or 6 could do complete this journal with the help of an adult. My 7 year old did it by herself, she just needed a little assistance with the frosting and the tip.
9169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Omg! What a great toy! Beautiful sound that you don't mind listening to.
1212	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun. Easy to learn. Easy to play. Quick games.
The build quality is outstanding.  The pieces are detailed and come in a large quantity, the cards and tokens are VERY thick cardboard, even the box is actually organized, and it comes with custom dice!  One item to note however, is that there were cards for five gangs to choose from.  The gang I chose didn't seem to have any corresponding pieces though, as the other four gangs did (blinds, dice, etc.)  I noticed in the rule book that it mentions only four gangs being involved.  I picked the one with the coolest logo (Grim Bastards), and then ended up having to use parts from the gang we didn't play with.
1552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids had a great time
9306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not only does my 2 year old granddaughter loves it, but the entire family loves it! What an awesome drum.

455	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	not as much fun as I had hoped
1. Beautiful artistic style
9939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my daughter with my grand daughter to use while on beach vacation.  My daughter loves this tent. The well ventilated play tent is the perfect place to shelter a baby to nap or play under the sun at the beach. It's quick and easy set up.


6772	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have had this game for many years. It is a great game for older kids through adults. It's good to have some single player games in your collection. I like it enough to have also purchased it as a gift.
+ Deep character progression
796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I are big TTR fans. We started out with the Europe version, bought several other versions and we just not got the US version. This game has a lot of replay value. We enjoy playing this several times a week. It's always something different because there are so many variations with the routes that you can draw! It keeps things fun and entertaining. I will say that I was surprised by the small size of the playing cards. In the Europe version, the cards are the size of playing cards, but these cards are much smaller. Nothing bad, just a funny little difference.
2692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for 5 yr old grandson
1712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product & she Loves the hardcover book included , telling his story !!
461	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought for my grandson who really loves to play this game
*The High Octane mode is more involved, but also adds to the fun.
7536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids loved this game
The parts were only durable enough for a few demonstration flights and then the rocket needed some first aid (bring duct tape for the balsa wood fins and paper towels to dry the fuel tube before refilling).

9198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Other than the price being too high, they are good quality, arrived on time, and were packaged well.

2842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	He's super cute!

9235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler (28 months old) loves gears.  We bought this set to supplement our refrigerator set (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOMY-Gearation-Refrigerator-Magnets-Building-Toy/dp/B00004U95L/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOMY Gearation Refrigerator Magnets Building Toy</a>) with more gears.  This set exceeded our expectations.  Like the other set, the plastic gears and decals are colorful and fun.  This set includes eleven gears, including two sound-making gears (a "clicker" and a "ringer", with a tiny bell).

470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to play as a family. We try to have family night once a week. I will be sad when my kids grow up and there won't be anymore game night.
5738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good game great game to pass the time.  anyone can play and it is easy to understand.  we paly it all the time and we try to stick each other.  That is the fun part of it.
4214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	got this for my wife---she is learning english as second language.  Its a great product and she quickly worked her way up to a level that was challenging, now its fun to learn english vs rote memorization of some things.
90	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As an adult crafter who likes simple projects to relieve stress, I enjoyed this product very much, even though there are a few minor flaws. I'll list some pros, cons, and suggestions below.
5293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves this game! It's easy to learn, but can involve strategy for more experienced players. The tiles are well-made and feel great in your hands. I am glad I added this to my game collection.
-The new Focus action is a much needed bonus, giving your character something useful to do with a spare action.
173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant to purchase these because some reviews said they were basically paper and fell apart easily. This was not the case with the magnets I received. They are really hard embossed wood/cardboard type material. My toddler has used these for a month, chewing on them, scattering them around the house, and they are still going strong. I'm really happy with these magnets and i will probably purchase the matching number too. Oh, and the colors are super cute!
5612	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cthulhu fluxx is a nice and well rounded 'hard' version of Fluxx I would say. It is VERY well balanced as far as action/rules/creepers etc cards in the deck. Not too easy but not too hard. Of the variations, I feel like it is one of the best as far as experiences as to what Fluxx can be. Also being a fan of Lovecraft, I enjoy the references. I wouldn't recommend it as a first version to play, but it is definitely one to enjoy.
3. Enjoyment: This is an enjoyable game in that you can talk to each other while playing, take it easy, etc. I think the simplicity of the game makes it more fun to play.
6799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids!

9282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves this toy drum.  Very happy with purchase.  Was not sure it was appropriate for a two year old, but it's a hit

7533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always a great game for young kids to learn to follow rules, work with others while having a good time.
3398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	washes off easily and great colors. great for learning to face paint
Replayability



3244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	husband loves this game!
4550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a game that our family has played many times. I can honestly say I have learned more about other countries from this game than anything else. You and the other players will find countries; I bet you did not even know existed. 10 Days in the Americas is great for the kids who are studying the American countries in school and crave more knowledge. It also has tremendous replay value, which is what I look for when I purchase a new game.
Definitely a must have for people who love word games!
4136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for another grandson...just because...& he did like it as well!

I've only done a few run-throughs of character creation, and one real session.  This system works off of the Fate system, (fudge dice, etc), and has a very interesting method in which people can interact with the storyline and surroundings, to make the GM's life a little bit easier.  Both this, and the partner book (Vol 2: Our World) are worth getting.  This volume is meant for the Players (and GM), and the second volume is more meant for whomever is going to run your game.  If you enjoy the Dresden files, and a system that has numbers, but also allows for a good solid sense of roleplaying (and not just roll playing), with a good story element, this will likely be a good system for you.
For more on my review and how I adjust Quiddler Jr visit http://mygeeklings.com/quiddlerjrreview/
3288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Been playing CIV since the DOS version came out. Always wanted the board game from Avalon Hill but for years could not find it... I have all versions on the computer to play. This is very addictive and fun, educational and requires loads of time to play and dedicated players - but the game is worth every second you put into it  ..... try it you will see.
4418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun game that can go anywhere with you.  Doesn't take up much room in luggage or purse.  I went out of town for one night and my sister brought this along with her.  We played for hours and when I got home I immediately ordered myself one.  I even play by myself at night for practice.

9903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids got these in their easter baskets this year (2 & 3). They have fun playing w/them and matching them up. The carton is hard for them to open & close, so I have to help w/that. Cute game.
2454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Much better than the original game board. Having the tiles lock onto the board, makes it much better.
5402	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game!  Received it for Christmas and have played it EVERY DAY since.  I'm surprised about the number of players (2-4) that the manufacturer has on the box.  My whole family (family of 9, ranging from age 4 to 45) have gathered around the table to play at one time. Definitely more than 4 people can play this game. My youngest can play with a little assistance from an older child sitting next to her.  Just make sure it's the person who just played their turn, and not the person that is about to play after her.  That's just to ensure that there's no temptation to cheat :)  If you like board games, you should get this one.  Grown-ups like it just as much as kids, and many people can play, or just two.  How often can you say that about a game?  The game combines thinking and luck.  The 4 yr old has won a few times.
3775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game delivered on more than a few levels. One, I bought it so I could play with my eight year old son. It is listed for 10+ and that seems spot on. My eight year old can still enjoy it on a very introductory level and the art is amazing on the cards. He loves it. I love playing with other adults too. Honestly, I know FF has really good quality and at the worst, these were collectible cards my son would like to collect. Turns out he can play it and we have a blast with it.
1524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an absolutely wonderful game.  I own about 300 games, and would easily put this up in the top ten of them.  It's great for kids and adults, it's easy to learn and explain, it looks great, it doesn't take too long, it's a great combination of luck and strategy, it plays great with 2 through 5 people .... I could go on and on.  But why take up your time when you could be BUYING THIS GAME!!  Congratulations to Amazon and Toys R Us for noticing this gem.
(1) Combat Retrofit, a 10 point upgrade for the Rebel Transport only that increases your hull value by 2 and your shield value by 1 (which is on par with the cost of 2 hull upgrade and 1 shield upgrade on the previous ships).
3554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute stickers for toddlers. These are very small but a nice size to put inside birthday cards. Great price and value.
8049	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A classic.
6417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"I sat hunkered over the board. Five years old, and a "Trouble" champion. My brother stared me down. At eight years old, he knew how to intimidate. My glass of chocolate milk quivered in my nervous hands..." --me... circa 1971 or 1972

316	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adds so much more of the best parts of waterdeep to the game, and turns the 2d chess game of quest completion into a 3d game of corruption and deciet!
(2) A fun way to learn that there are consequences for our actions.  Some of the squares are "rest" spaces, which means that you land on the square and no additional action is taken. Other spaces have chutes (or slides), which sends your player down to a lower numbered square on the board; the children depicted on these squares are behaving badly (eating too many cookies, pulling a cat's tail, etc.) and are sent down the slide as a consequence of their bad behavior.  There are also ladder squares, which depict children behaving well and reward them by allowing the player to climb the ladder and automatically advance several squares on the board. My child finds this part of the game quite entertaining.
As you move through the lessons they become more difficult.  After tracing, you work on stick figure frames for the characters, next you practice "piping" which is where you draw guides for the outside lines, and then finally you move on to the detailing that really makes your drawings come alive.
As the second edition has just launched, there is not as much variety in the cards as older games with more expansions.  Obviously, this will change but it does limit the deckbuilding side some at this point.
8193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this game and this was fun for family bonding and family game night. We teach him a second language so we have him speak in a different language for the colors.
7595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughters love this!  They like to play tea-party, and pretend they are taking our orders.  Then they take our pretend credit cards and swipe across the cash register.
  - On each turn, you can either: build a connection between two cities; select a new "ticket"; draw two "train car" cards from 5 visible possibilities or from the face down deck.
2680	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4.5 year old LOVES this game.  It's fun, easy to use, and has quickly become a family favorite.  While I understand why they included the spinner on the board, for an overzealous spinner like most 4.5 year olds are, it makes things a little hard when spins get out of control and pieces go everywhere.  But that's our only issue with this excellent game.
6960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	5 year old grandson loves this cash register. He is learning addition and multiplication using it.
This game looks good. It plays well. There are neat videos online that show the gameplay. The four heroes are different in each boxed edition. The hero cards allow a played to be either male or female. Personally I think City of the Ancients has the better heroes. deck cards are normal sized, however, the other cards in the game are oversized and this makes them really easy to read. There is a wealth of information on each larger card.

Don't buy it unless you plan to make your own rules. Instead I advise you to go buy "Can't Stop" a great push your luck game or "Elder Sign" another semi-push-your-luck game. This one is terrible.
Primarily, one of the following three cards, in a general order of usefulness.
I love the game, even when putting my Lovecraft-bias aside, and will play anytime anyone wants to. I especially love the fact that the characters are so individual and malleable during play; it's almost like playing Call of Cthulhu (the RPG). This makes the game highly re-playable, as well.
9398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I would say the quality needs to be improved. It's made like a cheap cardboard game. But, I have to say, my 7 year old daughter and 4 year old son still love this game! It is a matching game with a twist. Before the game starts, you randomly pick (from the pile of game pieces that are upside down) 3 of the game pieces and place them under the cardboard door. Then you try to match all the pieces before you flip over all the clocks. When you think you have figured out which pieces are under the door, or if you have uncovered all the clocks, you make a guess. If you guess all pieces correctly you "save" those pieces from being stolen and win the game. Cute concept. Fun concept. Not sure how long the game with last quality wise.
2035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had never heard anything about this tradition until this year. My kids are 1.5, 3 and 5 and they love their elf Dexter. I highly recommend purchasing the Elf on the Shelf DVD or Blu ray with this because the DVD went into depth about how the elves get shipped to the house and why they are there. For younger kids, it helps them understand the whole thing way more so it is not creppy to them.  The elf doll is so cute and the box it comes in is awesome looking. The book has its own slot inside the box. It is absolutely the funnest tradition. My husband and I had a blast moving the elf to different places each night and having him do different activities. I do not however do the naughty elf things like other people do...I don't think it's a good message to send your kids. We did fun things like have the elf play Connect Four with our nut cracker man...eat a candy cane from the tree...have him decorating the tree. The look on there faces every morning when they went to look for Dexter was just priceless. I cannot wait until next year now.

Definitely pick this up if you love Star Wars or feel comfortable introducing curious beginners to RPG's.


Deck of Governor cards - Allows each player to play as a different character, each with different benefits.  Some people also call this their `personal advisor'.  Either way, this once again gives individuality to each player (which was sorely needed)!
Not quite as much fun as I used to have playing first edition rules when I was a kid, but it fits the bill for what I need at this age.
8335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Flimsy plastic but a decent price. Luv building this thing!
8299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun game.

1141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm on a board game kick especially after Table Top.... I'm an avid Catan player... I just picked up Dead of Winter (excellent game), Last night on earth, Flash Point, Pandemic, 7 Wonders (not a fan), Love Letter, Munchkin... and after rave reviews and making it to the must own / have list now Ticket to Ride.
64	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AWWWW, so cute

4479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game though we modified the rules slightly so that you can't call "PEEL" two times in a row.  With that change, the pace slows down a bit and gets everyone a little more involved.  But it's fast-paced and fun.

9539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My girls love playing this! It is smaller than I expected and the pieces aren't even as thick as cardstock.  They enjoy saving the princess though...:)
i tried playing ticket to ride europe with them too - but they found it too complicated. in addition when my 9 year old plays this with friends - he'll have a much easier time teaching them the rules on the usa version.
1246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is one of our favorite games to bring out when we have company over

6970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love strategy games, then you must love Stratego. It is all about strategy. You prepare your battle field, army, bombs & flag then when the game starts you have to strategize when to attack, defend or retreat !

The paints work great. Bright colors and a little goes a long way--- and they wash off easily, too.

Edit: I've found out why my niece likes this game at all. It's not for any aspect of the game itself - it's because when she loses or wins due to chance, we have her "draw a bedroom" for herself, or for us. We started doing it because she got too frustrated and upset at losing through no fault of her own.
To fend off the invasions of jerk aliens, you have at your disposal advanced jet fighters and soldiers with guns and rocket launchers. Your job is to assign these assets to fend off the minions and UFO's while staying within a government-style use-it-or-lose-it budget. You also have a research scientist who can research new technologies so you are equipped to face the onslaught of jerk aliens, without these advanced technologies, the chances of winning are slim.
415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a weird toy (is it a toy?) My child saw this somewhere and wanted it. Santa obliged him. Now the rest of the kids want one too. he magnetic ball can be taken apart and reassembled into different patterns. Surprisingly to me they have a fun time with it. There isn't much to it, but it is unique and still gets played with 6+ months later.
7646	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	needed a new one for my classroom, love it!

8928	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These gears are really cool. Not difficult to for my 5 year old boys to do. We bought two different sets and were able to combine all of the parts.
3822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R34OEV5WQHPZQ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1w%2B2YN2L1S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01FhslQO9SS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;The E-Wing is one of four "Wave 4" expansion sets for the X-Wing miniatures game. I think there are some good reasons to add at least one or two E-Wings to your Rebel fleet.


7779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my daughers love it.
707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Newest update: My daughter is now 6.5, and I still think this is one of the best things I've bought on Amazon.  We recently saw one of those horrible ASPCA commercials, and she asked if we could send money to the "dogs in cages."  She's got the money, so she gets to make those choices.  I love that about this system.  She has donated money to the WWF twice.  If I were to do it all over again, I think I would just commit to $3 per week ($1 per container) - I didn't think that would add up fast enough, but $2 per week has added up way faster than it needs to, and so she doesn't fully understand scarcity.  Even so, she has a much better understanding of money than she would otherwise, and basically has for as long as she can remember because we started this when she was just 4.  Her little sister is 2.5, I'll be buying another one of these when the younger one turns 4.  I don't think there's anything special about the bank itself (by the way, it has held up perfectly - I was afraid the rubber band would lose its elasticity over time, but it still holds the pieces together strongly), but the system is solid, and one of the aspects of parenting that I actually feel like I'm doing right.
6974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves his cash register.  Plays with it a lot.
6720	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a family favorite and was a HIT, as a Christmas gift. During our Christmas vacation, we spent much time (taking turns and trading off) playing. It continues to be a favorite. It is only a 2 player game, but in this large family we still enjoy playing it, as each game only takes 15-20 minutes, sometimes less! Enjoy the code breaking! It is pleasantly and surprisingly fun!
We got this game when my son was 3 and my daughter was 2.  Both of the kids understand the concept of the game and enjoy playing it.


7971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandchildren and their parents were so excited when this gift was opened up. They plan to play the game asap.
-New Lords, buildings, quests, etc.
6984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it is very nice toy my grandchildren love it
5368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"lovely". the perfect present for my little girl  the color the size all is perfect, im really happy when i see play with this
8920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loved playing with this drum at a music class. So I purchased as a birthday gift. He loves it!
*Rielle Kit Peddler: Transhuman (4) Another solid identity.  She only likes making one run a turn.  But boy is it a doozy.  She makes for some fun deck builds.

Still a great buy, and I would recommend this game.
1247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has a good mix of strategy with luck. The rules are very simple that no one will feel overwhelmed.
8873	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son, and his dad (OK, and me, too!) love this. This drum is extremely well made. My son has sat on it, stood on it, tried to sit inside it, beat on it hard, dropped it, and worn it as a hat. The skin is still tight and it works as well now as it did the day we got it.  It was bought as his birthday present in June and it gets used nearly on a daily basis.
5312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The whole family plays this...from the 6 yr old who proclaimed it to be "My Favoritest Game...I love the little blocks" to the elders (but not necessarily wiser) 66 year old.
2187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As expected!  Was as described.
2663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our daughter has had this game for a while, and when we went to buy it, they had apparently added the "-it"  Very funny.
225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great games with awesome minis to compliment your collection
2435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	No more  pieces  moving all over the place.  It's a little smaller but that's okay because it works much better.
Gameplay (5 out of 5)

2861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT. BOUGHT TO GO WITH THE JINGLE BELLS LLAMA BOOK.
The only recommendation I'd have is if you are going to play this with a buddy, each needs to get their own box.  If you are going to play both runner and corporation against each other it will save time not needing to break down and rebuild your deck between games.
2765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves it.
6582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game, it is fun, teaches logic, and just enjoyable for the family.
Gameplay:
6100	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	works well, the cd that comes with it with the program is a bit lacking, I downloaded a different program for flight simulation and that worked much better.
-diffrent civilizations mix things up even more (in a two player game there are 64,864,800 diffrent permutations(inluding map tiles))
9876	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Good idea. Bad design. The eggs are hard to open (even for adults). The case is cheap plastic. The latch is tricky to use. My child wants to like this product, but she keeps getting frustrated.
4537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price.
673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	fun family game

5342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's rare that I can get my 12 year old and 7 year old to agree on anything to do together. This game is super fun, and allows us all to play. Recommend!!
The only real flaw in this game is that it has a "king maker" problem.  That is, it's possible for one player to sacrifice himself so that one other specific player can win.  A person who is in last place can just give away all of his resources to another player, perhaps as incentive to attack a third player.  This is a difficult problem to avoid, because negotiation is actually a big part of this game.  You're expected to negotiate with other players about their actions, but you're supposed to negotiate for your advantage, not someone else's.  My suggestion is that the players should disallow that kind of move in the game before starting.  The rulebook actually does say, "don't be an ass."  Wise words for any game.
4076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing quality and detail has been put into these pieces.  I'm still waiting for a star destroyer and death star though!
*The game figures are cool and the overall design of the game and graphics are very well done. The loot pouches and guns are really fun to pass around or exchange.
Get Sleeping Queens.
8504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is a game where you need to try to remember which numbers you have.  My 7 yr old daughter loves it and so do her parents!
3761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having purchased Android: Netrunner a few months ago, I now find myself hopelessly addicted to this outstanding game. The rules take a bit to get through and understand, so I would recommend watching Fantasy Flight Game's video introduction to A:NR on YouTube. Once you have a few games under your belt, things progress much more smoothly and the enjoyment level increases.
7249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product! My kids love that it holds "real" money. It will in fact hold real money, but the play money looks like real money. It works great every time, and a wide variety of ages can play with it. My youngest is 3 and she loves it as does my oldest, who is almost 9. The other kids in the family are excited to come over and play store as well. This worked perfectly for introducing money in our homeschool curriculum as well. I wish there were add on packs to replace the money and cc, but other than that, there's no complaints!
994	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this game after reading the overwhelming positive reviews and they are all correct. This is a great game! I have been playing it with my 13 and 11 year olds and we are having a blast. No two games are the same. Lots of fun!
3645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a item that will enhance your (Dark Horse) Game of thrones Collection, It is not a kids toy it is a collectible, for such a small item it is big on detail, don't hesitate just get it
6197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	it' a little diffucult to maneouver at first but the remote control works well and the toy is sturdy and can take a few hits on the ground.
5485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what you would expect from Scene It with an all Simpsons theme.  This game and a partnership with the Television show make for a nice combination.  For avid fans of the Simpsons, the game is a little easy so perhaps you might make a rule that you need to have the entire name of a character (even the obscure ones) to get the answer right.  The game on the disc looks solid and crisp and it does NOT look like something that was just thrown together.  If you like the Simpsons or are huge fans, you won't be disappointed buying this.
3387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good
6849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I played many hours of Mastermind when I was younger, and I thought it was time to share this with a new generation.  My daughter and my nieces (ages 12-15) immediately got hooked.  The best part of mastermind is that adults and kids can play together and everyone can enjoy!  It is rare for modern games to satisfy players of all ages equally, but Mastermind does!  The only reason I gave this particular version four stars instead of five is that the storage sections on this board seem a bit small to store all the pegs, and the lids don't really close all the way and snap down.  It's not a big problem when playing, but it makes things more tricky when storing it. Smaller pegs or larger storage area that would close all the way would have made this a five-star perfect game!
Most evocative sets (in my opinion) for anyone:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Q-Workshop-Set-of-4-Carved-Ancient-Fudge-d6-Black-Yellow-Fudge-Dice/dp/B004RONQY2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Q-Workshop: Set of 4 - Carved Ancient Fudge d6 Black & Yellow Fudge Dice</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Q-Workshop-Set-of-4-Carved-Ancient-Fudge-d6-Beige-Black-Fudge-Dice/dp/B004RORW10/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Q-Workshop: Set of 4 - Carved Ancient Fudge d6 Beige & Black Fudge Dice</a>. I think the beige set works best (the dice look like carved bones) but that is just my opinion.
9631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for our trip to Outer Banks NC and annual OC NJ trip. It is a fabulous beach tent. It is very sturdy and roomy. We fit two kids ages 2 and 7 months in it. (Although my older child had her own princess tent) This is great because it's well ventilated and includes the cushion mat for the baby to lay on. The door velcros closed and the tent keeps out sun and sand. We put a water weight or a bag inside to weigh it down and it worked fine. I reccomend this tent!
4864	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for.  Thanks

Each player gets a shield indicating their gang affiliation, which features a Round Summary, Order Summary and Throw Downs. The game comes with location cards, game tokens, Dudes, Prospects, 'contraband' bags, cash, guns, and Anarchy Cards. Honestly, it helps to have some sort of a container to keep all of these pieces in.
629	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	really fun and awesome topics and love how they rate the embarrising to mind complex to random not very manny cards included though
4298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fantastic fast pick-me-up game! If you do a game night this is great for a first-off game to get things started.
The main Con is that if you picked up this game to play out scenes similar to those found in the movies, books, magazines, cartoons, etc. then you can do that, but the rules do not lead you back to the Star Wars universe.  The GM is going to have to create that feel him or herself.  That is OK, but folks should understand that going into the game.
5172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are loving the game! Family with 11, 13,  two thirty something's and grandpa in his late fifties and everyone loves it. Even though we can only play four at a time, each of us enjoys the play. I love that the kids can play on their own and have fun, competitive play. It's been addicting. We play daily. Great addition to any family game closet. ( the kids even love playing with their friends)
9462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter.  She loves it.  Mostly memory matching, but
6953	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great educational toy. Kids love it.  All my toddlers enjoy playing with this.


3841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thank you
6016	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tie-in games tend to be crap but I collect them for IPs that I love so when I saw that there was an SOA one I had to have it.
4860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my 9 year old after her occupational therapist recommended doing dot to dots. These are awesome for kids who are a little older and need more than just 20 or 30 dots.  She loves the challenge!
Publisher: Tasty Minstrel Games


Also the Makers of the Game are great. When I lost one of my cards, they were able to send me one free in the mail. They're really caring for their players.
4212	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When I got this book in the mail, i wasn't sure what analogies were. Turns out this book is really helpful for smart second graders and third graders. I also found it fun. I love most subjects and unscrambling the words were most fun. I think this helps kids be smarter and better at analogies.....loved it. 5 stars!


6463	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Is easy and fun.
7094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow! What can I say? This is a great play register for playing as well as learning to count money. It came in mint condition, is sturdy and everything works as expected. The coin money that came with it are clear, you can tell a dime from a penny easily. The paper money, $1, $5, $10 and $20 are printed well and came secured separately. I am more than pleased with this item and am looking forward to assisting my child with counting money and having fun at the same time.

I have also played what I call "clean up qwirkle" with my 8 and 9 year old sons.  Whenever someone got a qwirkle we had to go clean house for 10 minutes.  The house got a lot cleaner, and the kids really enjoyed the game.  They ask to play clean up qwirkle pretty often now!  They definately needed help keeping track of the points/scoring, and also a few reminders of not placing tiles in incorrect places.  But they did understand the basic concept of the game and are needing less reminders whenever we play.
This edition is a little cheap, but then that is the case for all games. If you like board games like Cataan, Axis and Allies, Risk, Monopoly or Scrabble, you'll probably really like this.
Firstly, lets get the few complaints I have out of the way.  Some of the colors tend to blend together, like red and orange.  While there aren't that many alternate colors to choose from, I do feel that different shades would have worked better.  Its not a game-breaker, but you may sometimes experience eye-strain if a source of light is hitting the tiles in just the wrong way.  Colorblind folks may also have issues playing this game. I personally would have had each tile etched with a small R, O, Y, G, B, or P so that affected players could determine which color they were looking at.
2294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love to find creative ways to position this guy every night. My son races through the house trying to find him each morning. We love the bendable arms and legs and the fact that he is NOT FREAKY LOOKING like the "elf on the shelf"!


- it has solar powered battery
714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We started using this with our kids when they turned 4.  We thought we might be a bit on the early side, but they have learned so much about money in the past year!  This is a great system and I highly recommend it!

1380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for friends for family game night.
8227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game
The fun part of the game is the ability to draw the cards and face whatever it lets you do.  The children have just as much chance as anyone and the luck of the draw is the key in this game.  They love beating the adults and I think that this is part of the big attraction for children.
2326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great annual fun tradition this sweet little elf provides. The elf comes with a book to read to your children the day after Thanksgiving, when the Elf comes to stay until Christmas Eve. We had all kinds of fun discovering what types of mischief our little Elf, nicknamed "Candy Cane" got into each night. There are lots of fun ideas to be found online and our Elf was naughty and silly. Celebrating the holiday season with our elf made each morning a treasure hunt. The elf has arms and legs that can be bent and posed a variety of different ways. There is also a female version of the elf. We will enjoy our elf for years and years to come. Highly recommend!
4776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The toy came unassembled.
3563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	lots of stickers, perfect colors, cute.
4897	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This is definately an adult dot-to-dot.  My granddaughter likes to do these.  She is young and thought it would be something we would do together.  Guess my eyesight is REALLY bad!  Very small numbers.  Will keep for an adult to use.
2286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We chose this elf over the 'other elf', simply because he's cuter. Then we found out that Christopher has WIRED arms and legs, which is super awesome when it comes to posing him in naughty places (or sometimes nice ones - but let's face it - it's far more entertaining when the elf toilet papers the tree vs. just hangs off of it). His plastic hands and feet make it easy to attach him via tape to whatever props he needs.
My Puzzle gives you a picture and you have to guess what's wrong or right or put it all together, etc.
1617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our family's first Elf. He is adorable and we'll see him every year after Thanksgiving. There are so many ideas on Pinterest so you don't have to worry about what to do with him every night. : )
8473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game that the whole family enjoys! It took my six year old daughter a little while to catch on, but once she did, she really enjoyed playing.  We have a lot of fun as a family.
Note there is another one that looks exactly the same but it has a scale by the same company.


6429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it play it all the time with my grand children
2443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game for any child the tile lock keeps the tiles in place if anyone hits board by accident.

Multiple paths to victory is the name of the game.  Ive won going heavy on subduing planets, pushing an early game end producing and trading goods like crazy once I had four or five planets.
4365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game and own several copies. This one was a gift for my mom, who loves to play solitaire with the tiles. Ingenious game, will play it forever!
2927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for Pam Poovey Cosplay at Dragon Con, it was perfect!  Thank you!
3518	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	not easy to use.  you have to hunt through the cards to get word matches.
7394	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality. My son loves playing with this.
3529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for little kids.  My son gets stickers as a reward and he was very excited about these colorful owls. They are colorful and exactly what I expected. Definitely worth the price.
8038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game with little kids but the design has changed over the years and the kids liked the old one better as I did but they have fun with it. Does not have as many ex. lolly pop or rainbow ways to slide down and all the charcters are smaller and everything more compact not as easy for little ones 4-6 to use.
8236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granted, I didn't play many board games growing up. In fact, I can count them all on one hand. But Candy Land was one of them, and easily my favorite when I was younger. My daughter got this version of Candy Land as a gift, and we finally had a chance to play it. The game's still fun, and I'm surprised at how much fun she was getting out of it- we played 8 games over the course of an hour!
*Someone who watches the show knows more about the locales, but that fact doesnt really help with the game play. It doesnt matter if you watch or not, you can understand it.

1032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the family!
This game encourages interaction.  Youve got to tell people what role you are doing so they can do it too.  But after that, my empire might as well be in a parallel universe.  I cant survey your planets.  I cant send my ships to your planet to steal your or destroy your goods, let alone take your planet and pleasantly trade with you.  That would be a fantastic expansion, says I.
9690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My three year old requested a railroad crossing to go with his train tracks at his grandma's house.  We picked this one because it was cheap, but looked like it would hold up well.  We have the IKEA train tracks, but this fit just fine.  My kiddo loves it.  He really wants two of them so that his cars can drive through his tracks...and at this price, we'll likely be ordering another one soon.  I would recommend.
2718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sons loves it. Bigger then I thought. Very nice
2151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson is 8.  He's a big football fan and loves playing it.  Very entertaining for the adults also.  Definitely a good back to basics game with no electronic gadgets or batteries.  Just a fun dice game.  Hightly recommend.


3406	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice quality paints that really stay on the skin. vivid color with lasting power.
4051	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this set as it gives the Y-Wings even more purpose and utility. Long live the warthog!
3148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These scissors are very sharp and work great for a variety of crafts.  They cut through paper like butter and are tough enough to make it through fabrics.  They are small (5 inches), but are great for small jobs.  They're also very pretty and have a cover for the blades.
1766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love love love love!!!
1685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	loved the combination and idea

2755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks great.  Kids love it.

Well worth the money.
4355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Would buy again
6027	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i love the game i love how the box is detailed with soa, man  if u love bikes, guns and this show of soa sons of anarchy you'll love this game it has a lot of things money gangs man i see this game on youtube before i got it and i loved it everything in it best thing i ever bought
(2) Slicer Tools, an interesting 7 point upgrade that lets you inflict one damage on all enemy ships that have a stress token within range 1-3.
We LOVE logic games, just don't see the point of this one.


1936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kid love it! He was so excited that I have no words to explain his excitment; and definitely it helps my son behave more properly because of teh story behind the Elf on the Shelf. He is loking forward to have his visit this year, very anxious and always asking when he will arrived. The package and the ship time was incredible. No complaints at all!
Playing the game is really just the player doing hand-control with his party dice vs the monster dice he is facing, pressing their luck as far as they can without being defeated and having to flee the dungeon.  There is no interaction between the players at all.  Yes, another player rolls the monster dice each round and keeps up with what dungeon level you are on, but there is no point where a player can take an action in their turn that affects another player at all.  You are multiple players taking turns playing a solo game, and it feels that way.  The only competition at all is when you add up Experience Points at the end of the game to see who had the most and therefore won.
7906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my almost 3-year old granddaughter, who has as fun dumping them out, stacking them, and putting them back into the storage box. Comes with a plastic "cover" that holds the blocks in the cube for storage.
9178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Overpriced, stickers not durable, cute if only my son enjoyed it, not played with much for a year to my surprise.

Time:
7141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 yr. old daughter enjoys playing with the cash register.  She also loves the little notepad that is on it.  Great birthday gift....especially because she is learning about money and how to add and subtract.
4444	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game, good price, would recommend it..

2380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	https://areviewofthis.wordpress.com/2015/01/26/this-is-shadows-of-brimstone/
We contacted Amazon, and were promptly sent a replacement (love Amazon!). I reserved reviewing it until we tried out the replacement.

4748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves it but doesnt play with it too much, be careful or your cat will eat it!
1584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item
7081	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	...there are several good reasons why "Candy Land" is the first board game children learn to play:

6616	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The kids got bored fast
3509	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like some others, I bought the D&D 4th ed red box as well, and my main disappointment with that was the lack of character creation instructions. You build a character as you go through the intro adventure but a LOT is left unexplained or completely omitted, and who wants to go through an adventure every time they build a character!? Pathfinder's intro books are much clearer and they even give you a cheat sheet inside the book covers for how to do it. While the D&D art in later volumes is definitely more professional and painterly looking than the comic book-style Pathfinder uses, that's not the case in the two beginner sets. There's no contest, because the D&D ones look like art students made them while Pathfinder's are the ones that look professionally done. I know a lot of experienced people were turned off by D&D's 4th edition rules and gravitated to Pathfinder (which is often called D&D v3.75) but I haven't gotten deep enough into either to say I like one over the other. They're both similar and I think most beginners won't notice differences or care when they do. Pathfinder's box however includes more and is higher quality than the D&D one and it has made me want to go further with their system.

9211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great tracks that connect smoothly to other brands
9319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this drum for my sons first birthday and he loved it.  He is normally sensitive to loud noises, but he really got into it.  Super cute and fun babies.  We had a baby playgroup at our house and the 1 year olds were all over it, climbing on it, banging on it with their hands.  My son is now almost 2 years old.  He still bangs on it a couple of times a week and he STANDS on it.  It's well made, sounds great.  Super entertaining.  Note:  This is a large drum, so it's not the easiest thing to store.  But it makes up in fun.
5305	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It is a fun game.  I am not sure how long it will hold up, though.  The pieces chip black paint very easily.
- 'Ticket to Ride: Europe' is superior in almost every way
7171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As described. Fast shipping
6476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for the whole family!
People who are used to planning a few moves ahead will take a little longer to truly enjoy this game since the constant changing can mess up all their forward planning, but once you accept this unpredictability as a challenge in itself, then you can have some real fun with Fluxx.


4106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pretty fun game. Bought three different decks and found that the cards don't really allow you to mix and match all that much. The rules aren't in enough detail. We had a lot of questions while playing....and still do lol
6512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic movie.  Always a favorite with kids (my daughter's 6 and she wants to play all the time).
The first game--a two player joust following the walk-through set up provided in the first book--took nearly three hours since neither of us felt entirely comfortable with the game mechanics. After the first few games, the game play became a lot easier to breeze through (and by breeze through, I mean play in roughly two hours instead of three). That said, once you get the hang of it, this game is rather addictive especially if you enjoy strategy games.

1435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game, and simple to teach others. It can be played with 2-5 players, which is great for nights when my husband and I want to play a board game, without inviting people over.
6430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter Loves this game!
4803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for toys that are educational than look no further. My 10 year old girl loves this. She has learned so much about the body and organs by playing with this item. Great toy


4697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Educational and the book is an enjoyable way for kids to learn about the body. Only complaint is that the body pieces rely on a slightly sticky material to stay in place and after some use the organs fall out of the body cavity.
9189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my 4 year-old granddaughter. She opened this gift with lots of other gifts at Christmas. This was the gift she wanted to play with for the rest of the evening. It was also the only thing her Dad wanted to play with. This is a cool toy - there's lots of things you can do with it. I highly recommend.
9676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to our grandson's track set.  at 5 and 3, they spend hours playing with their trains and tracks--wearing their engineer hats, of course.
1333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great for a family game night!  We love it.  Our children range in ages from 10-2.  We let the younger kids help place the trains for the older family members or draw the cards.  Fun fun game!  We really love it for family game nights!
One interesting new mechanic is that now all Investigators (from AH and all the expansions) can have personal story cards that affect the game experience.  I can't wait to try this out!

4270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great.  I am an extremely competitive game player.  This game is all about playing the game.  The rules constantly change and how you win constantly changes and you have to constantly shift your strategy.  Even as a cometitive player, I can't get mad when I lose (I lose at Risk or Monopoly, I get mad at myself)


 The inventor also explains what great creative qualities can be found with the ball. The book shows the inventor with a young Buddist monk creating a sun sculpture.

7235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 4 years old son enjoys playing with this cashier,..he also started to learn maths with this game.
Basically you have routes that you have to build across the United States. The more routes you build the more points you get. When you finish your mission you get more points. It's really fun.
This game was definitly worth the $37.30 that I paid, and is icredibly fun. Just wish I could find someone who wants to play...
In my opinion this is my favorite game of all time. The amount of political backstabbing, tension from the placing of orders and whether or not you just made a mistake based on alliances with other players provides so much atmosphere and incredible game play that is hard not to love. You don't find that a lot in games these days.
2730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves the Otis books.  He has them memorized.  This is one of his favorite "babies" now.  Otis sleeps with him every night.  If your kid loves Otis, this will be a hit!
5752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great for learning Spanish.
Five by Five, B!
1704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter absolutely loves it!
412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun.  The whole family loves this one.  Even my 3 year old can put it together and has learned all about magnets because of it.  My husband loved it as a stocking stuffer
Highly recommended.


2 modification cards: 2 Stealth Devices;
- A set of destination cards showing lines that must be completed.
My 14-year-old son and I have played this a dozen or so times now, and its a simple and fun game.  Playing time for two players is about 15 minutes, and only slightly more for 3 or 4 players, so its definitely a quick-play game, suitable as a warm-up game for something longer, or to play while waiting for other players to arrive.  It also has a solo mode which plays exactly like the multiplayer, and strength is the biggest failing of Dungeon Roll.
The color contrast is good. Simple tracing directions are easy for littles to understand.
Android: Netrunner is a Living Card Game by Fantasy Flight set in a dystopian cyberpunk future. A LCG is different from a Collectible Card Game (think Magic: The Gathering) because there is no rarity. Everything that releases will give you every card, and will give you enough copies of the card to provide a full compliment for a deck. This was a big plus - I knew it wouldn't be the money sink that Magic was.


Then back to the internet for a detailed web crawl on the KDL-52XBR2.  Initially issues of clouding for black or nearly black images concerned me (see prior review);  I discovered it was not an issue limited only to Sony and that severe clouding seemed rare.  In the end, picture quality trumped all other concerns.
7555	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Super light game, fun for an opener, people of all ages like ringing the bell!
7430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game!!

All players start with the same number of face-down letters, someone says "split" and players begin creating their own Scrabble-style layout with their letters.  When anyone runs out of tiles, she says "peel" and everyone draws another tile.  You can always "dump" a tile, but you'll have to draw three!  When there are less tiles left than players, the game continues until someone uses all their letters and calls "Bananas!" She is the winner... unless someone challenges one of her words.  The dictionary can confirm any "rotten bananas" and the rest of the players may a chance at the win.
2687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable game. Both my 7 and 5 yr old love playing it.  Simple but fun.

4563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Refrigerator magnet poetry is so addictive and fun.  What a great way to release your creative juices, often after a bottle of wine, with friends.  This set is one of the best.  It seems as if the "newer" sets have slightly bigger letters than the original sets of long ago.
4458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun scrabble for one or several. A different twist from traditional Scrabble.
One word of warning to parents: Kids will want to play with this. I make it a point to never let my kids play with mine unless I am watching them closely, because the pieces would fit in a mouth, and are pointy enough that they could cause pain if applied incorrectly.
1821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased in Feb. for next xmas. Good price at $20 so I grabbed it now. Will make a perfect gift.
6312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love pokemon and Lapars is adorable.  Very well made and soft and cuddly.  To cute and a perfect gift.
9886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler loved this- it will defend become an annual tradition
5574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love science fiction you will love this game. It's Fluxx taken to a whole new level of enjoyment. Everything is here. Firefly, Star Trek, Doctor Who, Star Wars, Mystery Science Theater, Hitchhikers  Guide and so much more. You'll absolutely adore all the references to your favorite sci-fi books and shows. By far my favorite themed card game ever.
5627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had my doubts as to whether this game would be as good as the reviews said. This is absolutely a great game, especially for the price. The game can go to opposite extremes with one hand (ex. play all). The big plus: A quick set up. This is one game you should own.
8952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Colorful and fun. We purchased this to add to Gears, Gears, Gears!
Still, if you have a group of reasonably knowledgeable Star Trek fans you can't go wrong with this game.
369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Okay, I babysit young boys a lot and bring this along. They love to play it, it's sturdy and has a great box that doesn't collapse. I usually end up playing with about 24 to 30 pieces for the 4 year olds and IF I get to select I pick the items that aren't construction vehicles, like the cone, boots, stop sign, gloves etc. Too many kinds of excavators, shovels, rollers etc for me! But I guess it helps keep the peace since the kids almost always win!
9671	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sons love this product.  They love playing train and playing with the level crossing!


4487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute game, great for kids too young to play scrabble and you don't have to keep score.  It is fun and easy to carry.
6141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	you can't have more than 2 running in the same place!!!
9739	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is wonderful for our 18 month old grandson.  He likes to crawl into it and 'hide' to play peek-a-boo.  We also toss a ball into one end and try to make it pass out the other end.  Grandfather can even fit in halfway, which tickles him.  There are two see-thru areas (one at each end) and it folds up to put away when our grandson isn't here.  I recommend attaching the Velcro tab to a chair leg or something else so the tunnel will stay in one place.  It also has an attachment that might fit some play tents, but we don't use it that way.
4478	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own 2 of these Bananagram games.  It's my favorite game.  If you think Scrabble and Words with Friends is fun, check this game out.  (I won't play conventional Scrabble ever again.)  My niece and I play for hours.  (It can be addictive.)  There are variations you can play of this game too.  I like playing with 4 or more people for a faster pace.  We played at work on our lunch hour.  Lots of fun!
8834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old (with special needs) who is super musical. She loves it! So do her older siblings. The sound is clear and deep - like a jungle drum sound. I don't mind a bit hearing it played. I highly recommend.
2616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It was a Birthday gift for my grandchild and she just loved it ,which makes me very happy.
1071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family Game!!
128	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Its really UNO type game but anger control stuff...I don't like it due to younger children really don't respond well to anger management techniques...they do better with EXPECTATION management instead.  These are ok, but i wouldn't buy them again.

3220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everything in Kingsport is about power.  The most powerful investigators.  The toughest Ancient Ones.  The best items.  And much more difficult encounter cards.  Kingsport is a must have expansion along with Dunwich Horror to get the most out of Arkham Horror after you've learned the basics.


8433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loves this toy, BUT he broke a piece of it within the second day of getting it for a gift as he fell on the board and broke one of the plastic pieces.  I doubt this one will last long in our house despite it being one of my favorite kid toys from my childhood.
5429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've played the short version of this game 3 times so far and each time we got duplicate questions. It took some getting used to using a PS3 controller to answer some of the questions, but it worked out in the end. This game is a lot of fun. They take movies from over the last few decades, so if you have young people playing they probably won't know some answers. I look forward to playing this again and hope we get a broader range of questions.
8788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have a Cozy Coupe at home and one at Grandma's too. It's a durable little car that's fun and cute. Initially, it's hard to get it out of reverse, but once the little ones figure it out, they'll cruise all over. It's one of the cheaper ride-ons out there, but it's well worth the money. This is one of those toys that will last for years and your kids will play with for years.




4872	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The one thing I don't like about these is that the kids don't let me do any. Seriously though the kids enjoy these and they come out really nice. Definitely a good purchase.
Don't let the scary amount of rules fool you, this game ROCKS
2859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The grandchildren love this toy!  I have twin 20 month old grandchildren and we read "Llama Llama Nighty Night".  I also bought "Llama Llama Mad at Mama" because I thought the front cover drawing was a hoot.  I gifted this and our little boy claimed it immediately as his own.  This toy is very easy for a child to carry and is a fun one to have while reading the books.  I may need to purchase a 2nd one at some point because our little boy has decided not to share with sister!
6756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. One player creates a pattern (code) and the other solves it.  My children are 5 and 8...both of them enjoy it and are able to play. My husband and I also like to play this. It's challenging no matter what age you are, but simple enough to understand. Winning game for me
1381	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I got this game as a present and the reaction was not so great even after playing it..too much luck involved
4514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I continuously return to Bananagrams for its originality and speed. Players are given several letters and make words out of the all the given existing letters upon which the player says, "Peel." Every player receives several new letter tiles until they are likewise used up in words and the player says, "Peel." The process continues until all the tiles from the draw pile are gone, when the first player to use all the letters says, "Bananagrams" instead of "Peel." Game over.
7544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great.
3090	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as described. With cost wish it would have had more accessories with it. Either way my daughter loves it.


2413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
7378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grand daughter seems to like this toy.
While this game is fun, there are plenty of games that are very similar.  The games Cuba and Puerto Rico, for example, have almost all of the same game mechanics.  In terms of uniqueness, this game may be more familiar than foreign to first-time players.
293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It floats!!!!
1700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Starting a new family tradition

My eleven year old, Vinnie, had some difficulty with understanding the cards' effects. Perhaps as we play more games he may get used to them. He was also frustrated when his wizard was eliminated...this game can lead to a bit of bad sportsmanship if you're the sore loser type. I can tell he wasn't happy when he was eliminated...to be fair, he had no qualms about punching me with a metal gloved item and a fire cloak for seven damage. Regardless, he enjoyed the overall experience. He said that his favorite part was figuring out how best to move your wizard and attack based on the kinds of attacks you had available. The strategy aspect of combat really had him engaged.
Depth-Light
- Starting to Do addition
9500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	as described


899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really fun new game to play with the family
Skullport makes the game a bit more confusing, and our playing group usually doesn't play it.  But we love Undermountain.
We have played it probably a dozen times and it makes more and more sense the more you play it. It is kind of in the genre of the game "Risk" but with Trains.  Now, mind you, my opinion is not my boyfriends opinion.  He has been noted to be up until 1am playing "the Train Game" by HIMSELF.  He is 40 years old and He LOVES this game and will play it incessantly.  So, he would say it is the best game he has ever played (and his game collection is close to 20+ board games) and mine could be slightly tilted because every time we hang out, Ticket to Ride is part of the plan :) It is the birthday gift that keeps on giving.
It is a beautiful game, and knowledge of GoT is really helpful. It seems very well constructed. My only complaint is that it could use more cards.
  Just in case you really aren't familiar with it --- Each player has a score sheet with a list of combinations of dice that need to be achieved. These are things like full-house, short straight, large straight, four-of-a-kind -- you probably get the idea.  On each turn you get three rolls, and you can save some dice and re-roll others.  After the 3rd roll you have to put a score in a box, or a zero in a box. The idea is to get the highest score. Five of a kind is a YAHTZEE. There are a couple of different versions of score sheets, as well as an electric one-player version. It is very similar to '5 Roll'.
7317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	fun game
5711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have about four different Fluxx card games and this is my favorite. This is definitely a must have for Scifi fans. The best addition to this version are creepers that attach themselves to Keepers.

Collateral Endorsements
toy in his own.storybooks and videos.he.is red
2051	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for six year old boy, he LOVES it.  The elfs name is Bluki (we figured that out as a family, was a bit complicated but fun).  It's a bit of a chore moving him every night, just because sometimes we forget and have to scramble in the AM or come up with a reason why Bluki is in the same place (he liked that spot, I guess).  At 30 bucks it seems pretty expensive, but at least it's going to be used for a couple more years and probably passed on to someone else by that time since it will stay in good shape.  We place Bluki up high in different places around the house so our son can't get to him.  He knows he's not supposed to touch him so he doesn't even ask or try.  Bluki is now back in his box waiting till next year...I mean, he's back at the North Pole with Santa.  There isn't much to the elf, but he's very light and flexible which makes him easy to place in odd spots.  It's all just very cute and Christmasy and the little ones love it so I highly recommend.
3064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As expected
It gets requested by my gaming groups and my wife, who hates Monopoly, loves the game.  I can get my 5 year old to play with me with some simplified rules- we don't deal with money.  Just grow and gobble corporations.
5201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family really enjoys this game

3514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A friend of mine bought the 4th Edition Red Box, which I then borrowed and read through.  I decided to shop around, and found this nifty box just sitting on the shelf at my local game store.  Since we had a group that were willing to try a Tabletop RPG system, but had never had any experience, I decided to buy it as an alternative to the divisive 4th Edition rule set.
This is one game where a child isn't necessarily at a disadvantage when playing with adults.
1798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Mr 4 year old really got into this.  Made him behave better cause "jingle" was watching!
4787	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	My son was dying for this, but after playing with it for several hours, he never picked it up again.  A very expensive Happy Meal toy (in terms of length of interest) if you ask me.
2. Inspiring Speech, which lets a leader use one of their actions to focus up to TWO adjacent figures.  This comes I very handy with the Imperial Officer as well.
CAVEAT: There is an official help forum you can access to get answers to questions on this game. Unfortunately, it requires a confirmation email which for reasons beyond me never reached me in several attempts to sign up, preventing my access to the knowledge base it represents. Read accordingly.
2027	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I thought this was a little expensive for what you get, but my son loved finding the elf all over the house so much that I feel it was worth the expense.
6437	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This is just a peice of plastic that you pop onto a piece of cardboard.  Not the quality of the game I had as a kid. Junk.
4044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A much needed third faction for an already incredible game. Repaints of old ships plus tons of faction specific cards. This will really get you started.
When I play this game with my kids I can really see the proverbial wheels turning in their heads.  At first we played this game in pairs so an adult could help guide the codebreaker in logical thinking and the codebreaker in how to give the correct feedback as to how the codebreaker is doing.  My 7 year old can usually break the code; if she's really having a tough time with it and is getting horribly confused then she might get frustrated, but I see that as being a good thing to learn how to cope with.  Princesses are not quitters!  In those cases I (as codemaker) might ask leading questions to help her get her thinking back on track.
3463	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product is the best in the world I love to have it, I will buy it again if I have more money.
5381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My whole family enjoys playing this game, my 4 year old, eight year old and my husband and me.  It is a great game for girls and boys alike.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it can be difficult to distinguish between colors (even if you are not color blind).  Nevertheless, great game that can be as easy or challenging as you make it!
3902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game, the addition of the schools of magic make the even better than the orginal.

I don't think they should bill this as being good for travel and they should definitely lose the "tile lock" nonsense.  This is a good basic, inexpensive, scrabble board for kids or for someone who wants a scrabble board but doesn't want a full sized one.  It is better than just the flat board with no guides to hold the letters in place (the Super Scrabble for five dollars less,) but to call this a travel board is a stretch.
7636	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my grandson who is having fun with this tried and true game for kids.
7741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the second register I have purchased and given as a gift.  It is timeless and the kids love playing with it.  The older ones are now using it as a bank with real money and the youngest use theirs to play store.  It is pretty much indestructible from what I can see.  Recommend it for kids 4-11.

Unlike the other ships released to date, this one comes with a single non-unique ship card that can then be upgraded using one of three unique title cards.  The base GR-75 ship cards has a pilot skill of 3, plus 4 Energy (which is new and replaces attack), 0 agility (which can be modified by card effects, range modifiers, and obstructed attacks), 8 hull, and 4 shield. It does not include a special ability (but these can be added with title cards), and it includes four new symbols in the action bar (i.e., Recover, Reinforce, Jam, and Coordinate). Some of these are new and some work in similar ways to the familiar actions but on a larger scale (for example, Reinforce works like an evade token but against all attacks in a round rather than just a single attack).  It also includes spots for two crew plus three of a new symbol (i.e., cargo upgrade) in the upgrade bar.
50	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this delivered on time
8582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this to play with our 3 1/2 year old granddaughter, we all love it. She was able to grasp the concept quickly and she loves it so much we are wearing out the cards! The cards are good quality but any cards will wear out given enough play. We will be buying a second set so she can have one at home.
6091	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've only had a chance to run a few races, but this is a fun game for everyone who plays.  I've only played with my wife (who enjoyed the game too), and we look forward to trying it out with 4 or more players (up to 10 can play, so it makes a great party game).  It's also nice that there are additional tracks available for purchase so you can keep the game fresh.
1052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a blast to play, especially with people who aren't used to non-traditional board games (Monopoly, Risk, Clue, etc). Little downtime between turns, simple to learn but difficult to master, Ticket to Ride is the best way to get non-board game friends into the whole speil!
129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a school social worker and I LOVE this game. My students also love it.  Great for elementary aged kids and some early Jr High also enjoy it
Comes with two mallets and really wonderful.
exceed recently upgraded some things on this crawler. it now comes with a metal servo horn which is not pictured. they may have upgraded other things but i cant confirm. i will say this, IF the lockers are still plastic, they either changed something or the people that broke them basically did it on purpose. they could be metal now, but im not taking it apart just to look. i say this because ive had this thing binded SO many times. to the point where it flips the entire vehicle because a tire got shoved under a rock. i could hear it bind up and bog down, but nothing broke. so if its still the plastic lockers others are breaking, they must be trying to do it. either that or they changed something to make it not happen.
2270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children love Christopher. Durable and fun for the whole family. When Christopher comes out my daughter is on her best behavior he is magic no back talk, bedroom clean, and all chores done

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stratego-Nostalgia/dp/B0001AGYFY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stratego Nostalgia</a>
8645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this last year but my daughter is just really enjoying it now.  It took a couple of minutes to figure out but then it is easy.  So far we've only played with the two (of us) but I imagine it will be even more fun with more people. As with most 1-off card games, you COULD use a regular deck of cards - you are paying for the "rules of the game" (and of course the cute rats and cats).

Everyone takes turns rolling the hero dice and the dungeon dice.  You play 3 rounds each and after that you tally up the victory points, and of course the one with the most points wins. You can fight the monsters with any of the hero's but if the hero is the same color as the monster then they can defeat more than one at a time, so again....choose wisely.  There are expansions to this game, which we still have yet to get. And even heard there is a Christmas expansion out there, but my husband looked on Amazon and couldn't find it. If interested in a fun dice game check out the link  and have at it, then you can scroll down and see the other expansions that this game has also. Just another thing to add, my 10 year old also really enjoyed playing this game and it's hard to get her to play a board game or dice game. So Happy Gaming!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dungeon-Roll-Dice-Game/dp/1938146999/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dungeon Roll Dice Game</a>
1783	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Introduced our toddler to "Elfie" last year.  By about the third or fourth day he was starting to get the idea of looking for him around the house.  We enjoyed it, but don't ever forget to move him!  We had to explain to our son that the elf was coming down with a cold and must have fallen asleep early one night instead of reporting back to Santa.  He bought it thankfully.
A quick note: For those unaware what an LCG is, it is a format that Fantasy Flight has chosen to move to for their card games. Instead of booster packs containing a random assortment of cards from an expansion (sorted by rarity that give the cards differing collectible and monetary value), they release new material in 20 card increments, in packs that contain a fixed list of cards, with 3 copies of each (3 being the maximum number of copies you are allowed to include of any one card in a deck). This allows the game to grow and the environment to change without requiring you to spend a fortune to keep up (like with Magic: The Gathering). The expansion packs still have a MSRP of $15, however, so it isn't exactly cheap either.
The game itself has some really lovely boards with full-color drawings of Middle Earth. The cards are also quite nice. The pieces for the hobbits themselves are a bit lackluster, but everything is pretty sturdy, and you shouldn't have any problem keeping this game for quite a while.
1956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We joined the crowds and bought one this year, he was a lot of fun to move around the house and do funny tricks. I wish his limbs were more pose able and stayed put more easily. But the storage box was very sturdy and I like that.
Each player chooses one of the tiny race cars to represent themselves. (The cars are of varying body styles and paint jobs, so it's not too hard to distinguish yourself from the other players.) A die is rolled to determine each person's starting position on the track. Each player is also assigned a "gearbox." This gearbox is a small plastic tray that holds a small cardboard pegboard. On the pegboard is a small gearbox (for gears 1-6) and a line of peg holes for each of the following attributes of your vehicle: tires, brakes, gearbox, car body, engine, and suspension. In the simplified version of the game, each player begins the game with identical car attributes. A plastic peg is placed in a numbered hole next to each car attribute, and a plastic stick-shift is placed in gear one of the gearbox. All players begin the game in gear one, and they roll the gear one die to see how far they can advance down the track. As rounds progress, players must state, aloud, whether they are going to upshift, downshift, or stay in the same gear. When they choose to upshift or downsift, they pick up the corresponding die for that gear. There are six dice - each one a different color and each one representing a specific gear. The higher geared dice have higher numbers on them, allowing for greater distances to be covered on a turn. For example, the numbers on the dice are as follows:
There are some nights where a good, intense strategy game is more fun to play, and there are some nights where you want a fun, yet less intense battle. Battleship is for these gaming nights. While some consider battleship "too random", I find myself still enjoying the game after 30 years.
9153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought 2 of these for our grandsons [7 + 2 year old]. They sound GREAT. They had a BLAST with them right away. Banging and laughing and whooping it up. We expect many hours of joyful banging - and, hopefully, plenty of rhythm finding & expressing & sharing. Perfect.
7297	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	students use this to learn about handling money.
Be cautioned, though... It has a pretty steep learning curve. We would've saved a lot of headache had we watched an on-line tutorial before jumping in. Just a lot going on.
I noticed that Barnes and Noble carried Christopher Pop-in-kins online, and since it was the only store I could find it at, I went into my local Barnes and Noble and was greated with the popular Elf on the Shelf instead.  Seriously, there were thousands of those creepy dolls at literally every corner of my bookstore.  I am not one who starts telling my kid months in advanced that Santa is watching, and I wasn't going to get a doll whose primary "job" is keeping an eye on my kid's behavior.  At last, I decided to order Christopher from amazon.
3494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game screen/cheat sheet. Has very useful commonly needed stats and is a very hard glossy colorful cardboard material.
3551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These cute pumpkin stickers are great to add to letters since they do no increase the postage or they make a great addition to any goody bag.
5068	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Game!

You'll want to pick up something to carry your cards in. From what I've seen nobody buys just the base game so you'll probably want to pick up the expansion packs too. If I recall correctly, he bought the game then after playing it immediately ordered the case and a few expansion packs.
5617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so funny! I initially got interested in the game Fluxx from the YouTube show Tabletop with Wil Wheaton. I bought this version as well as Star Fluxx. Both games have some unique and funny gameplay and the rules are even funnier! I love playing this game with my family
RULEBOOK
4882	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Okay wow, what a simple game right, but it's great to play with friends or family. The kids learn color and shape all at the same time they learn patterns and color cordination and they don't even know they are learning.
Add the 1910 card expansion pack right away for higher quality cards and a pile of destination tickets that will ensure that every game feels different.
8919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
The money looks so unbelievably real! It comes with coins and a little plastic credit card too. The only thing I didn't like about this toy is that there aren't enough slots for the various increments of paper money. The paper money comes is $1, $5, $10, $20, $50 and $100, but there are only three slots!!( My anal retentive personality couldn't handle that...) The coins are pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters.
1714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for use in Alzheimer's unit.  Fun for residents to look for elf each day.
384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for serious game people! Easy to play and quick to pick up!
4335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game that I played at my sisters so I bought one for me and one for my best friend!!
3163	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this window sticker awhile back. It's very cute. I haven't used it yet, but I plan on putting it on the back window of my car.
2690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun and silly just like the book
2794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	so soft

If you have been playing standard games like Monopoly and Clue, Ticket to Ride will be an excellent addition to your repertoire. If you're new to boardgaming, it's a good place to start. If you're a hardcore, experienced gamer it probably won't keep you entertained by itself, but it's something you can play with kids and beginners, or just for a little light entertainment. For us, it's hard to find a game that can entertain all of us without being too difficult for an adult with a cognitive disability. Ticket to Ride hits that sweet spot.
7961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great kid game
Give this game a shot, you definitely will not regret it!
1916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best Christmas tradition that we have.  I have younger kids who love finding the elf every morning, and teenagers who get into finding a new hiding place every night!


7796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The kids love this game!  It's a big hit.

6085	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves this game.  I play with my wife, and my two kids most of the time.  The kiddos are 12 and 7.
4286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love Fluxx. I only docked it a star because it's not as good as Star Fluxx, Pirate Fluxx or my personal favorite Zombie Fluxx. Still fun, and family friendly.


5233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this game is made well.  I love the bag that is has with it, it is made well also.  We have only had the opportunity to play it once, but it seems to be fun.  The only con I can see is I wish it had a pencil and paper with it.  I can never seem to find one around the cabin.  But that is an easy fix...  :)

9775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	cute fit together well. Teaches color and shapes.

867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First up, don't get hung up on the train theme.  This is a strategy game about connecting paths. The rules are really simple and everyone can play. I would suggest that this game is for anyone 10 and above can play this game competitively with each other.
961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Want to hate your friends and family, get this game!

There isn't that much difference between the two games, in all honesty.  The cards in Say Anything are a bit more open-ended to where adults can take advantage of dirty-minded answers, though playing it with family and keeping things PG is easily doable.  Likewise, the cards in Say Anything Family are bit more cutesy in nature, but can be used in an adult setting.  Both games are flexible that way, which I appreciate.  The regular edition is designed to accommodate eight players, making it a tad more appealing than the family edition, which only accommodates six.

The final phase is the cleanup phase.  In this phase, the players discard any played cards and the active player may then discard any additional cards that they would like to.  They may then draw cards till their hand limit is reached.  Play then passes to the next player.
8338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the old version & we love it!
8218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good old time fun.
9164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so fun for my three year old. He loves putting the gears together and figure out how they all turn. He can spend a long time playing with it. A great independent play toy.
7866	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little cash register.  It is very basic and easy to use.  The one downside is I think the change is a little too small for young kids to play with.  All the kids love to take turns playing with it.
You can take this ANYWHERE
A big turn off for many will be that this game has a constantly expanding set of rules to look up and memorize. I personally ENJOY this aspect of the game, because the more you play it, the better you understand it, the more complex your strategies, the better you become. Like two people who play chess every day over lunch or something like that, playing this game with someone regularly will help you to understand that person and stretch your mind. If you have a best friend or significant other who loves games like this and so do you, you are likely to consider this your favorite game in a short period of time. If you DON'T have a friend or loved one like that...this game is going to sit on your shelf unplayed and that would be a crying shame.
This is extra text to meet the stupid minimum requirements from Amazon.
1676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The grandkids were all into the Elf on the Shelf (they named theirs Scout). My one grandson told me that he was hoping he would "accidentally" see "Scout" move from one place to another, but he was afraid it might cost him Christmas presents. I got tickled hearing his story. What a great way to keep the Christmas spirit alive. I recommend this to anyone.


This is the highest quality board game I have EVER purchased. That being said, know what you're getting into before you buy it. This game is not for those with a limited attention span. It comes with a 32-page instruction manual. Several pages are dedicated to identifying the pieces as well as the initial set-up. It is easily the most complicated game our family has ever played. It took nearly 45 minutes to set up the first go round, and takes 3-4 hours to play.
3476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Has a lot of random, useless information, such as the HP/AC of physical items but then doesn't have the "Dazed" condition, which is really, really common condition. Otherwise, it's excellent.
8460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I enjoy this game as much as my almost 6-year old does. So it's fun for both adults and kids

3 cultists

1716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Packaged well and nice item. Got a jersey for it as well to make it more like my sporty nephew.  Kids liked this elf.

Her older sister, who is now 3 1/2, also loves the tunnel. She copies her aunt's ideas and stands upright in the tunnel to pretend she's a monster, or hops with it around her and pretends to be a caterpillar or a frog.
5316	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is really simple but a lot of fun!!!
1291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Despite being aware of this game's popularity, I would not have expected a game about train routes to be very entertaining. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. This game was easy to learn how to play and highly enjoyable, even for only two people. My boyfriend and I like to find games we can play together that don't require more than just the two us to play (or to be fun), and this game has quickly become one of our favorites. I would recommend this to adults and kids alike because it is easy and family-friendly, but it's also not so childish that adults couldn't enjoy it on their own.
Here's the good news: it's fun.  A lot of fun.  For all the hours spent exploring and dying and repeating, I don't see any of them as wasted.  There's something wonderful about playing a Saloon Girl (yes, a Saloon girl) with a hidden pistol who lays waste to a creature with tentacles for a mouth.  There's even something wonderful about a stick of dynamite with a vendetta against my family.  Or a portal ripping open to unleash sadness into an otherwise innocuous room of bones.  Moan though I may about performance issues, I understand nothing here wishes my success, and the mountain and the climb to save the world is great.  This is a stacked deck.  A number of stacked decks, come to think, the Darkness cards, Growing Dread cards, Encounter cards, Threat cards, even Scavenge cards all sorted and randomly filed to shut your excitement down the moment you start shaking those dice.  What could make for a miserable experience is mitigated by the enjoyment when something goes right, the ability to string this curiosity of a story together and finding laughter in its retelling, and the presentation.  I like the miniatures.  Yes, I wish I didn't have to assemble them myself because I'm terrible at it, but whatever.  Having finished with the setup, I'm incredibly happy.  The components are typical Flying Frog and very well done.  The setting is outstanding.  Like I mentioned in a previous post: western meets Lovecraft equals yes.  My only legitimate complaint as far as game design goes is also something of traditional Flying Frog stock.  A lot of care has gone to make you feel as though you're in a roleplaying game.  Between the personal items your character begins with to help flesh out your history, and the ability to go to town between missions and further these adventures as you travel, you're meant to become attached to your person.  Again: any love I once held is gone and they are now merely vessels for my hate, but the intent is there.  Trouble is, all the other stats your character comes loaded with - Agility, Cunning, Spirit, so on - are there only for use when an encounter occurs.  Rather than use my Agility to nimbly thread the grip of a Strangler in an effort to buy myself distance and set-up a kill shot, that Agility goes unused unless I'm told to make a skill check due to some environmental hazard.  Like I said, this is something all FF games do for the most, and I'm not surprised nor really put-out by it, but with such a heavy focus on the craftsmanship of self alongside all these other stats, it's tough not to be a little disappointed said skills are a rarely used trigger rather than a choice in the Player's arsenal.
4508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bananagrams the game is ok, not great.  I guess some people like it, but it's not my cup of tea.  What this is to me is a great set of tiles in a portable bag.  I use the tiles to play another game, Snatch-It.  Snatch-It is a much better game than Bananagrams, but it comes with terrible tiles.  They're harder to read, and there's not nearly enough vowels.  Buy Bananagrams, buy Snatch-It, use the Bananagrams tiles with the rules from Snatch-It.
* Durable pieces
1240	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the whole family
My kids love it & it is big enough for Mama & Daddy to play in it too.  We've had ours for a year & a half or so.  My only beef is the velcro straps that are used to keep it closed can snag the mesh if not very careful, but so far no holes from the velcro, just very slight snags... I may cut it off & tie it closed w/something else that doesn't have the snag risk, however, I haven't yet done so because I honestly don't want to leave something separate laying around when the tunnel is in use... just a choking hazard & something to lose.  I may end up taking the hook part of the velcro off of the closure strap & adding KAM snaps to the straps instead.

1183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love, love, love this game!  So fun!

5876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pretty epic.
The game is built for up to 6 players. I argue that four is the minimum you'll want to really get the most out of this game, and you can easily play up to 8 if you are willing to substitute in a few materials for the extra players. This is definitely a game built with the more the merrier motto in mind. Each player gets a dry erase board, a dry erase marker, and two tokens. Every round one player serves as judge, but unlike other games you can earn points even as the judge. The judge asks the questions, the rest of the players right down their answers, and to this point there are no secrets. Now the judge chooses an answer in secret and the players vote on which answer the judge chose using their tokens. When the judge reveals the chosen answer, scoring commences. Then on to the next question card, rotating to the next player to serve as judge. The beauty here is that there are no right or wrong answers, and you can lobby for your answer to be chosen since there is no secrecy in who wrote what.
Pro... The models design/look, even with it's simple color scheme, it appears exactly as unique and cool as the ad picture. I've also seen very few factory paint errors around the cockpit (easily the most noticeable flaw in several other ffg Xwing minis). In short, yeah it looks good! I've always wondered if it was inspired by Babylon 5 fighters (or the other way around) but whatever the case, it's up there with a Defender or the YT2400 for looking cool on the table.
5361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't think that my kids are following the exact rules but they still love this game! I was secretly pleased when I also say this game at their elementary school.
7751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy is great for toddlers. It has a large digital readout and they can slide the credit card or open the drawer for access to the play money. It will be very useful once my grandkids start math. Sturdy as well.
9194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves it. thank you and God bless.
1498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For anyone who is not a "Gamer" the name "Ticket to Ride" doesn't really mean anything beyond a Beatles song.  However if you mention it in Europe and many other parts of the world you might get a very different reaction.
Game play is short enough to allow multiple sessions of play.
Players then combine all of the colored boards of the wizards who are playing to form the dungeon. Rotate the boards randomly to keep the layouts different from game to game. The board also has portals that players can step through to travel quickly to other parts of the dungeon. The manual explains how to set up the portals and combine the boards, so it's not as complicated as it sounds.

728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A gift book
3706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favorite game of thrones figure so far, this does not have moving parts. The details are really good, if you collect figures this is a must have.
7136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I always loved this game as a child and now can play it with my three year old daughter.
It's very easy to play, even for beginners--starting with a single "draw one, play one" rule.
2714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was for one of my grandchildren.  He was thrilled with it, so, needless to say, so am I.
9779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great

6199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My first RC helicopter was a Syma S107.  I still have it...though after 3 or 4 years the battery doesn't hold much of a charge anymore.  That said there are replacement parts and if I get the time, I plan to fix it.  This one and two others were purchased as gifts.  One for my 5 (yes, 5 yr old) and one for my 8 year old.  Both are getting quite good at flying them.  Its fun to see how excited my 5 year old is to take off (go straight up), avoid hitting the ceiling and gently bring it back down (landing).  He doesn't do a lot of turning or forward/backward yet (and that's a good thing).  My eight year old does very well maneuvering carefully around obstacles.  In some ways he's now better at flying it than I am. :-)
- The ability to remember what has been played. Absolutely critical.
6327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	so darn cute,  they are really really adorable and the price,  my kid loves them,  she is a fan of these,  voaloid, and no they are not the expensive real ones, but they are a close match,  besides,  my 12 year old doesnt care if they cost 15 or 115,  she loved them
480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT family game.
3342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game, and am excited that it got reprinted.
2193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for family and parties.
481	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Received in timely manner and product as described.  Grandkids had never played this game but think they will enjoy it.
5418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I first tried playing with my wife to see how it worked and my son watched.  I played with him yesterday and he actually did better than my wife.  I think it teaches him to look at things differently and to have patients.  I just wish that the tiles were a little thinner so it did not take up too much space in the bag.  it would also make the box lighter.  It is a good tame though.  I am glad that I purchased it.
1009	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	we love ticket to ride games
5025	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	fun game
Whether we find the guy or replace him, I WILL make a note on next year's calendar telling myself his location. And if we replace him, I need to come up with a reason why there are two elves in our house, just in case elf #1 shows up.
6386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. The best cash register. Children love it

8693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loved it until it broke one day after we got it, needs to be alittle more sturdy

Hardcover...solid, thick. most impressive!  And it is organized, easy to find what you are looking for. Has all the necessary stats.


7852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The only reason these don't get 5 is because of the packaging! The box they came in completely horrible fell apart as opening and the heavy duty plastic piece that slides in ontop was broken and sharp and glass upon arrival. Otherwise they r awesome!!!
6241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Positives: Tough, fast, low cost, fun, fun, fun, great choice if you're at all into RCs and if you're not... After a short period of time playing with this mini/micro 1/14 th scale buggie and you likely will be. Negative aspects: strange battery connecter interface. I clipped mine off and replaced it with a Deans, T-type connecter. This allowed me to use many brands of LiPo batterys out of the box which runs much longer, faster and in my opinion doubles the fun.
The kit comes with enough basic supplies to make four adorable puppies, provided you take yarn measurements into account
It should also be noted that all the base stats for each ship are the same as in the previous releases (so, Ill not be reviewing those again here).  But, the ships and pilots have changed, so Ill be reviewing those in detail below.
1188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game. Takes a little multitasking, so to speak, but so much fun to play after you learn how.
I love that there are only four analogies per page and there's a puzzle to solve with the results.  I also love that there's only one best answer to each challenge.  All the analogies are multiple choice, and the words are pretty easy, which is perfect for my students.
- More Concentration Games
3362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really smooths the game out well.

8319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product! Just as expected
3005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful for pretend play and puppet shows.
6637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this!
4517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my eight year old daughter.  She loves games.  This is a great family friendly game that is challenging but fun.  If you like scrabble and you like crossword puzzles, this combination is intriguing.  You get the spelling challenge of scrabble without the necessary time commitment.  This game moves quickly and keeps the brain engaged.
5488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't get along with my siblings too well. After we all got married and ruined our lives with kids, we lost touch and rarely spent any time together. When we all got together and rented a beach house in St Augustine, we were bloody sick of each other by day two. Then I busted out Simpsons Scene It. It turns out we all still loved old episodes and watched them frequently. We fought tooth and nail to get every answer right and played through twice. When I won the game, I stood up and told my brothers to stand tall. My exact words were, "A noble spirit embiggens the smallest man."
the 7+ version is o.k. still a few gross questions but not as many nor as detailed as the 12+ version.
1459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	One of my favorite games of all time to play with the entire family.  Even the wife likes this one!
As everyone else has probably explained, the original characters from the 80's are gone. This alone wouldn't invoke such an awful rating. The problem is they were replaced with extremely intense pictures which are so detailed and huge, that the path has been narrowed and now winds through some new places (so it is longer and thinner). To be honest, I even missed the secret path when I landed on it because the game board is so busy, you can't really see where it starts. The enlarged gingerbread men (and I thought the Katy Perry video totally mocked them, uh yeah - they are fairly accurate in terms of these new creepy ones) don't even fit on the micro-spaces that comprise the path. Because the path winds around itself so many times, it is hard to follow, knock your guy an inch and suddenly you are in the next loop of the path and have jumped ahead dramatically. It now takes about double the time to play a game, in part because the path is much longer - but also because the board is harder to follow. It seems it was designed with a deranged teenage girl in mind, not three year olds. You would think they would test these products and do a side-by-side with kids comparing the new one to the old one - hands down, the original would have won.

*Warfare  Second method surveyed planets become yours
1708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Can't wait for my grandson to meet him next Christmas
301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pros:  Durable, attractive, useful for almost any constructed
2298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved starting this tradition this year!!!  My kids did also,  I liked how Christopher is cute vs.  the elf that visits my sisters house (elf on elf).  Christopher was very flexible and hide everywhere in my house.  I would recommend him (and have already) to everyone!!!
Conclusion


6276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	well made granddaughter loves it goes with all her collection.
2406	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun toy
590	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Games with our family and even games with friends have become very competitive.  Through 8 rounds each player must utilize as many of the cards in his hand as he can by making words out of them.  This is basically like scrabble in your hand, but you have to try to use all of your letters at once instead of in individual turns and you do not play off words made by other players.  You are on your own to turn your cards into words.
9256	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice gift for a four or five year old well made and after they outgrow it it is decorative. It's a work of art and well made.
Update: After playing this game on and off, I really feel that Sons of Anarchy is a real dynamic board game. You can never have the same game twice. The last game, we had opportunity cards and combinations that changed the game dynamic drastically and made the game super competitive. It's also worth noting that this game is 4 players but I bought both expansions to have the game play with 6 players. One of my favorite games that I own (and I bought it for $25).
7580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game we play with our 3 year old grand daughter!
5208	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fantastic game.  Incidentally has very good educational properties for the young.
7797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game as a kid with the orange bell! This new version is just as great. Great for lots of people to play and easy to learn. This is one of our favorites!
8561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this as a child and teenager 20 yrs ago.  I watched all my younger four siblings play it and love it.  I now had a 4 yr old girl that LOVES it!!!  I bought it when she was three and I was sick of candy land.  She picked up on her numbers very quickly when I told her she could play if she remembered her numbers.  She understands the small amount of strategy.  I played the younger child rules where they can leave the outer two cards face up about four times.  During those times my husband and I played the older child rules.  She quickly caught in and wants to play like us.  I have been using this game for homeschool preschool math.  She understand higher and lower numbers with no problem now, and it was a very fun way to teach it.  We own hundreds of games at our house and this is one of my favorite two games for her age group.  I would recommend for any family.  While it is simple to understand for an adult, most adults are willing to play many rounds with my child.  Each round takes less than five. Minutes and the game can end after just one round.
(3) Ethan A'Baht, a level 5 unique pilot that costs 32 points, with very nice offensive special ability that reads, "When an enemy ship inside your firing arc at Range 1-3 is defending, the attacker ay change 1 of its [hit] results to a [crit] result."
4596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband hates bananas, so I got this game for him becuase it would be a funny moment on Christmas, and also, he loves scrabble. The banana seems very durable and nicely made. I love it!
7558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my 4 year old for Christmas and he loves it. We okay store all the time and it's a great tool to teach him about money and addition.
This is a game that sounds a lot more difficult to play than it is, and comes down to strategy far more than any other game of it's kind I have yet to play. You race around a board with your car, moving up and down in gear as you approach corners and straightaways. You take damage for skipping gears, overshooting corners, and collisions. There are a few other basic rules if you are playing the simple version but they are largely logical and easy to understand (if you roll the highest number in a later gear you are straining your engine, you can't zig-zag in a straight line).

This kits realistically seems to make 4 solid color pups and perhaps one leftover mutt but you only get 3 noses (in my case.)
5954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game on the go.  Small package and easily fits when going on a trip.  We take it with us on a dinner date where we know the service is slower.
8133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children played Candyland and now my Grandson beats me everytime.  I bought the game for $10 and found it at Target at Christmas for $5.
9310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Aweeee some! My grandchildren loved this gift. They are age 1 and 2 1/2 and they love pounding on it! Sound is amazing. They crawl all over it too. It is sooooo well made.
7168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This works great!

6227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Graet flyer for beginner and the young ones-cage works and they have lots of fun !
2962	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute and very detailed. My 3 years old daughter plays with them singing the song "5 little monkeys jumping on the bed" and has lots of fun. She is still too young to use them as "finger puppets" on her own but mom can help with it! They are really well made.
2390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My one-year-old son loves this book. He loves the music and the little buttons on each page are easy for him to push.


9613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like it, an okay product. fun for any kid and a learning experience also a life experience
2997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to go along with the "Five Little Monkeys" book (Five Little Monkeys Storybook Treasury) for story/circle time with a group of 5 year old autistic boys.  They love them.  It's a nice change from pictures attached with Velcro.  We make up our own versions of the story where the monkeys jump on  a truck, on our heads , on a chair.  Not all stuffed toys have been a success.  For some reason some stuffed dogs with puppies in their mouths were a fail and a few kids let me know by saying "no" "no dog".  I think it is the clear and recognizable match with the book that makes these little guys fun.
1659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had another son, so we had to order another.  The hope is one day we'll pass them along to each boy for their future children.
4042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you want to get a Scum and Villainy squadron started, this is a must have. The models are fantastically detailed, and the quality ensures that they are durable as well. A real favorite.
5535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love fluxx and oz fluxx is even better.

8801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This has been a great tool for our kids to use for Math. It was recommended by their teacher. The kids will take it off the shelf themselves and use it!  :)  Haven't had any issues with it.
2158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game... By 9 year old and husband love it
6936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loved receiving this in his Easter Basket. He loves to play grocer or shopping
8981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have two young children (4 and 7) in the house and the parents are both engineers so we thought this would be a fun game to teach how gears work.  It is a good building set and the kids spend hours playing with it and the adults enjoy it too.  Once you get the gears set up right they are lovely to run.  It delights the kids.
2644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product dimensions listed mid-page made me think these would be large cards, but I love the replica antique design and quality. Thank you!
421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My second one, this one for my grandsons. I keep one in my office (I'm a therapist). It's very soothing and challenging at the same time.
9353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and niece both loved this co-operative game.  It was a great buy!  I would recommend this for any preschool age children
8521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have several Gamewright card sets. This is a favorite. Good for ages 5 and up.
649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun
6003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this because I like games, not because of the show. In fact, I've never seen an episode, so its merits or deficiencies with respect to that aren't the focus of this review (though I am more curious about the show now!).
7765	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I don't understand why, but this game has changed since I was a kid. The concept and game play is the same, but the board is terribly laid out. My young children cannot figure out which direction to go, and frankly, I have to look very carefully in order to help her. The game takes a long time to play, and often we get confused about direction and such, because the board is so busy and cluttered. I think Chutes and Ladders could use another revamp. I wish it was easier to play, like the version I remember from my own childhood.
Game play resembles that of another great game, Avalon Hill's classic "Diplomacy."  Players place action tokens near their units face down, then reveal them more or less simultaneously.  This allows one player to promise another player the support of his military units, only to reveal that he has betrayed him at the critical moment.  It is an absolutely wonderful game mechanic that will will either cause the object of your treachery to hate you until the day you die or howl with laughter.  (Seriously, you don't want to play this game with people who take things like this far too seriously- you will lose friends).  Other mechanics involve auctions to gain coveted positions in the kingdom, each with their own abilities, and the threat of Wildling attacks from north of the wall.  Various other cards allow you to take certain actions each turn in a really interesting manner.
Repeat.
150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 3 year old (and some of the pieces would be too small for any child under that age), and she loves it...but entertainingly, so did I and quite a few people at work (all of us 30+), as we had no self control and had to open it up and play with it for a little bit before I gave it to her (uh, to "test" it out).  It is a lot of fun to play with either on your own or with someone else - trying to architect the house together.  This one and the cupcake/bakery set are really both adorable - and my daughter has sustained an interest in both for a long time.  We've had the bakery one for over a year, and although we've lost many of the magnets, she returns to it all the time.  (I just bought this house one recently, but I assume it will be a similar fascination).  One thing I will say - having had the cupcake one for a while - the box did eventually dent, and with both of the sets, I've found it a little frustrating trying to get the cards out of the box (as they stick in there really well)... my daughter is actually better at removing them than I am (!!!), and I'll note the company who made it was very thoughtful in scalloping the bottom to make it easier.  The magnets are pretty strong.  I really do recommend this - especially to bring to restaurants or on a plane (or maybe for an older kid, the car - but I know we would lose the pieces if I gave it to my 3 year old while driving!).  This would be fun for both girls and boys.
1266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an incredibly addictive game. We loved playing! My son and I sat for hours going back and forth setting each other up. As a homeschooling mom, I love that I am able to use a game that is fun but yet as a tool for learning logic. Beginner all the way to advance. You will be challenged.
9430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My now 3 year old daughter has had this drum since she was about 6 months old. It is super sturdy!! She loved it then, and loves it now.  It has a very pleasant sound, even when she is banging away I usually don't mind.  It seems to bring out the rhythm from her heart!  My 7 month old son now loves it too.  We just sit him in front of it and he pats and hits away, also with rhythm.  We love this little drum, and it just dawned on me it is the perfect baby gift, especially if your friends are at all musically inclined.  The whole family will love it, and it will last for years to come. SOLID!!
5282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my grandchildren for Christmas.  It is age appropriate for both adults and children and should provide several hours of entertainment.  I like these types of sets because the have an educational value as well as being a toy.  Well pleased.

I recently discovered the Rush Hour app for both iOS AND Android - this has 2,500 brand new challenges and a move-tracking feature, so you can bet I will be hooked for months to come!
-Learning curve while simple has its bumps
6511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this as a Christmas gift to a 6yr. old girl.  We played it right away and it was a lot of fun.
  I don't recommend this as a first "euro" game.  There are a lot of options and it would be overwhelming.  Some of the table suffered from trying to analyze too many options.

3. Slippery Target (which can be used by a smuggler or spy) reads, Use when a hostile figure enters an adjacent space.  Gain movement points equal to our Speed.  This can be very handy to run away and prevent an attack or help you get to or drop off some objective.  I especially like using this one with the Rebel Saboteurs which have a speed of 5. Its a nice bonus that you get two of this card in this expansion, and can include up to two of them in your command deck.
3200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Grandkids, they like to make pancakes and grill cheese sandwiches ect. with this.

I do have a couple of quibbles.
The only thing you know is they have the exact same cards as you and you know what they've played so far.  So you know that some have played their dog, but maybe the guy to your left hasn't...will he play it now or wait till the last turn to play it?
4068	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome detail.  Really enjoy playing this game with my son.  Great addition.
2595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of stickers for making pictures. Good for primary children as they work with pattern blocks.
2249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much better than creepy Elf on the shelf! Great story book also. We named ours Jingle
7172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cant wait to play
Despite a few little drawbacks, the board/DVD game is still fun. We plan to play it each Christmas season.
1283	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game! No matter whether or not 2 or 5 players are playing. It is not super involved and usually takes less than an hour to play. Great fun! The only draw back is the size of the cards.
6109	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	do not like the graphic
3845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these miniatures, I hate the packaging but that is because it is classic packaging that leaves you struggling to get the item out without damaging the included materials (cards in this case).
2567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loves the book. He knows the "little monkeys song" and he got so excited when he opened the book.
If you have an android device or iOS get the FFG dice roller as well. Its MUCH cheaper than the physical dice!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Star-WarsTM-Dice/dp/B00AWUQDQS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Star WarsTM Dice</a>
2489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great gift
5 out of 8. One of the best things about this game, is also one of the reasons it takes a ding the unique facet to the structure of building yourself how you win, makes the game possibly quick and boring.
5326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Unlike a lot of games I've gotten for my daughter, Qwirkle was one I was not familiar with from having playing it as a child. Not sure if it was around back then, or if it's just a modern version of a classic concept (like dominoes perhaps?). All I know is that I love playing it and so does my almost-six year old daughter. And the cool thing is we can each play at our own level and still play together. I don't have to "dumb down" my playing at all. And she never has to feel like I'm letting her win. Her moves have surprised and challenged me just as often as the other way around. Not many games like that, are there? Highly recommend.
1837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice behavior modification tool. Wish the arms and legs were moldable
7481	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Nowhere near as good as original. The art on the board is highly distracting, the spaces where the chutes/ladders start and end are overlapping making it tricky to tell what space you are in.  Besides the poor graphic design, the message each "ladder/chute" tells a child is terrible!!  If you are carrying dishes (to a child is a helpful idea) ends up in a broken mess at the bottom of the chute. If you are reading books at the top of the slide (also a great thing for a child) you are bored at the bottom of the chute. The scenarios go on like this.  My 3 1/2 yr old was perplexed by the scenarios and stopped playing after reaching space 21.  She normally LOVES games ( Busytown, Busy Airport, Mystery Garden, Dominoes, Sneaky Snaky Squirrel, Racoon Rumpus, Hoppy Floppy Bunny, Deep Dark Woods...)
4753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Directions in espanol..lol..its cool tho and can be figured out.
6921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is fun to play on your own or compete against others.  It's easy to take on trips and is good for building problem solving skills.
7999	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	box and all seem much more flimsy... but the game is still great fun for the kidos..
999	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this board game for my daughter for Christmas and the entire family jumped in and played. While not as simple to learn as the directions/reviews state, we did learn pretty quickly how to play and strategize. We struggled to figure out the reasoning behind the destination tickets, but things got clearer when we got help by checking out the many reviews/instructions available on YouTube and elsewhere online.

6910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter's 9 yr old birthday, she absolutely loves it. At first, I was teaching her on the easier ones, after a week when we reached Expert level, she is better than me now.
1034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our favorite games. Able to play with kids and adults. People come over and they all want to play ticket to ride.
6315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Meet Lulu is a magical coloring book that includes a stylus crayon for your iPad or Android tablet app (download of the app is free).
7901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had taken our Gransons on a mini vacation and in the hotel room they had a copy of the Candy Land game. It was fun having a game that we could all play without worrying about age. It was also fun watching their faces when they beat Grandma and Papa. The graphics on the board are much brighter and "fun" compared to the version we had for our son. All of this without using a computer or having to go on line.
Climbed up the tree.
3344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A Game of Thrones: The Board Game Second Edition is my absolute favorite strategy/war/intrigue board game. It's combat system relies not at all on luck (unless you use the optional Tides of War cards) and focuses more on troop placement and sheer strategy. We played with six houses and had an amazing time.
There are two base sets: City of the Ancients, and Swamps of Death, both of which are independent experiences with the ability to mix/match should the fancy strike you.  I have the former.  I think Swamps comes with some lady who shapeshifts into a bear which I'm a little disappointed about, but Saloon Girl > Bear-Lady.  My copy was about $90.  Worth it?  Totally, if you can handle the sheer size of garbage you'll need to dodge in a string of lucky rolls.  I don't mean to sound as though there are no decisions you make which will change the outcome, there are, though these are very few and very far in comparison to some well-placed prayers.  I get my pure strategy fixes elsewhere, and while I'd be happier if the needle was tilted ever-so-slightly further in that direction here, I'm mostly involved to posse it up against the coming dark.  And that's exactly what I get.
4209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great kit packed with information.
786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game.  We play this whenever we have company over.  It's an easy game to learn and very enjoyable to play.
I'd say that instead of dishing the money for the dice alone (which are around the same price that this one) go for the Beginner Game. You will, most likely, end up using the tokens and the map.... and the dice obviously.
3748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	OK, I love Star Wars. So I'm coming into this game already loving the theme and FFG does not disappoint with production which draw you in the theme so much easier.
slow top end(about the speed my 5 year old walks, but slower than the speed i walk. can replace gears or motor to your liking for cheap)

5131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We just got this game for my daughter's 6th birthday. We all love it! This game has great quality wooden pieces and a nice cloth bag. The directions were included. The game is simple yet challenging. Its kind of like scrabble with shapes.
I was still a bit hesitant to buy it as I am not a big "Train" person.  But after reading many many reviews, I realized that this game must be something really good and I broke down and ordered it.

8909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!
6069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've played a few racing board games in my time, but so far this one takes the cake.

7721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so loud, intense, addictive, and fun. U will not be able to play just one round of the game and the feeling of finally being able to ring the bell and finally claim points is the reason why u need to keep playing until u win. Buy this game!!!!
Resources: Professional Contacts, Borrowed Satellite, Ice Analyzer, Daily Casts (neutral), Same Old Thing (neutral), The Source (neutral)
5547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have never played fluxx before.  This is my new favorite card game!  A bit of a learning curve but even my 9 year old can play. I am a big Oz fan, so had to ahve this!

9403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	They had this drum at my baby's daycare and he loves it there so I bought one for our home.  He loves banging on it and it is a great quality item - will last a long time.
6695	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	great game just a bit cheap plastic not too comfortable to store the little pins which can get lost very fast
2548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If your daughter spends all her money on tchotkes at the Scholastic Book Fair, then she will LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this journal.  My 7 year old made an absolute mess of the puff paint frosting, but a more focused or mature child/teen could really make it happen.  Of course, my 7 year old plopped down the stickers and then puff painted around them instead of pressing the stickers into the puff paint.  Following directions would be helpful to get the look on the cover of the journal.  But the beauty is that my 7 year old could have cared less because SHE made it and then SHE wrote in it.  The page prompts are fun, but the highlight is definitely in the decorating at the beginning.
6488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Mastermind is an easy-to-play mystery peg game.  One player places pegs of given colors in a secret "compartment", while the other tries to guess it.  They get clues after each guess; the other player reveals how many were the right color and how many were also in the right spot.  It's a little tricky at first, and if the person who sets the pattern makes a mistake, it can be frustrating.  This is limited as a family game because it only involves two players.  Ultimately, this is best for two people who enjoy mind problems.
5839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sister loves these! Found at Michaels stores for cheaper though...so that was a bummer.
Wizard Deluxe is a great gift for any  occasion and is very reasonably priced. So if you are looking for a great  family game or a game for those weekend get together, go out an get Wizard  Deluxe Card Game.
I think this game will especially appeal to people who love auto racing, and those who have large groups who like to play games. Unlike most games where "It's over when the first person passes the finish line" I can see an epic battle to not be in last place taking place with this game, as well as ridiculous collisions at the start of the race as everyone is jockeying for position (like the real world!). I have only two minor complaints. 1. The boards damage easily. and 2. Only a few of the boards released before Asmodee bought the rights have been released and I am absolutely dying to race around real world tracks like Laguna Seca, Suzuki, Silverstone, and Monza. If Asmodee is listening, I'm begging you to put the street racing tracks together on expansions and real world tracks together, instead of mixing the two, and start releasing some real world-class tracks. If you make it, the fans will buy! See you at the track!
He has always liked Legos and moved on to more difficult shapes and products to satisfy his artistic and scientific self. For his birthday, he asked for this Ball of Whacks. Well, this has turned into one of his more interesting projects. I think he needs another two or three. He has created such diverse objects as dinosaurs, animals, turtles, sun, stars, fruits, and more artistic objects he has his own names for.
8226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	got them for G-kids!
3 The truck is soooo long, standard servo Leeds barely make it back to the receiver in the middle.
9463	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	As others have pointed out, the materials are inexplicably low-quality.  The board doesn't lie flat and the pieces are so flimsy that it's hard to handle them and they skitter all over the board when we're trying to play.  They're also a little small.
4) With most simple games, it is almost impossible to get older kids to play after they reach a certin age.  We have not found that to be as true with Candy Land.  We've had games with an adult and kids ages 3, 6, and 9 playing together and having fun.  If you have more than one kid, you know how hard this can be.

There is a lot of strategy and cunning - very similar to chess in a way.  I won once with only two characters left, but my opponent rushed in and attacked Frodo who escaped sideways allowing a straight shot into Mordor but no opposing characters could attack him on the way to Mordor.  Other things can be interesting and fun, such as putting a Mordor character on Caradhras and watching the Fellowship player squirm wondering if it is the Balrog or a different character who doesn't auto-kill anyone passing through Moria.
8131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for the little ones. They learn to count and get a kick out of the fun characters and candy designs. It teaches them to develop good game play and that when you win it's great and when you lose, you can be happy for who won. I wish that the game pieces were a little more creatively designed.
5408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this game for our 8yr old son and 6yr old daughter.
8494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A favorite family game...loved by the kids and the parents. Great memory game!
It's very light and the outer material feels nice .
I am giving Quiddler Junior 7.5 out 10 stars because it is a game that parents can easily play with children, still enjoy and teach their kids important skills at the same time. It is a very good childrens and family game.
8850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my then 8 month old grandson who will be a year in 2 days & he constantly drums on it with sticks provided but loves to drum with hands.  He also turns it upside down & stores his other favorite toy: odd balls; sometimes he rolls it all over. It was a great purchase & drum is sturdy, attractive, pleasant to listen too.


1481	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just bought the game and played it for the first time yesterday with 4 players.  Good game to get the wives involved that that isn't too in depth in terms of multiple levels of strategy that scare away casual players.  The destination tickets add the variety to keep it fresh each time so that it's not always a race to get the 6 space routes.  The lack of dice help to keep chance (luck) to a minimum other than the rail cards that you draw.  Highly recommended.

3519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My beginning reader daughter and my tutoring clients love this! I do wish it were slightly better organized, as I have to do a lot of pre-planning before teaching with it, but it is a winner with the kids that are using it!
4075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Although not as popular these days, I still love that this ship is relevant in todays meta. It doesn't have great maneuverability, but it has good offense and is durable.
I bought my first extreme dot-to-dot book for my adult children for Christmas stocking stuffers, and they immediately started to work on the puzzles. I bought more books! It's a pleasant thing to do, and is great for a low-stress, take-your-mind-off-stuff kind of thing to do.
6516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A year later, this cash register still works and has held up to constant play by 5 kids. While some of the money has been lost along the way, the coins and bills they still have are in great condition. Would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a cash register for their kids.
By the way the ones I received are the real deal!! They are not knock offs. Solid heavy pieces.

9835	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	when my child was in it and would crawl forward the whole tent tipped over, scaring my little guy.  He was too scared to get into it ever again

Final Verdict - A nice option if you are looking for a tunnel for your child to crawl through!
Seems like getting to the higher levels in this game takes a LOT of luck, or maybe the expansion packs. Not sure if we will purchase those for an additional $15 bucks or so.
2572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book has always been a favorite in our household with our two daughters (now ages 3 and 6). They both grew up with this book and it made for a great introduction to numbers and counting. The book consists of little plastic monkey faces showing through holes in each page. As you turn each page, one face stays back on the previous page so that the count of monkeys goes down. The story flows with the decrease in monkey faces as they monkeys do something silly that they aren't supposed to do and fall off the bed... until there are none left. My 3 year old still chooses this book pretty regularly for her bedtime story even though she already knows her counting. She thinks it's a funny story and we regularly tell them to "stop messing around on the beds so they don't fall off and bump their heads." It is a great introduction to counting for your little ones. Highly Recommended!
(2) Make a railroad (by spending the appropriate number of cards) to connect your destinations

2496	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Board is tiny and made with light plastic parts and a thin board, suitable for travel I guess but not for regular play.
Bottom Line: This set is ill-conceived and poorly executed on so many different levels it's appalling. "Cheap junk" is the best thing I can say about it. My mother bought it locally for twice the price it is here on Amazon as a Valentine's gift for our children. Within three days, they were frustrated beyond measure, and my husband and I went online looking for something better.
2457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Not having read the details closer, I didn't realize this was a smaller version of the standard Scrabble game.
2252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I could not express how much this little guy helped our kids be on their best behavior and the book was a extra added bonus we are still reading it ...
3187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this mini F-Pin cable for my bedroom TV.  I was using a 'generic' standard F-pin cable to my bedroom TV and the signal was very bad - I had interference, moir&eacute; patterns, and ghosting.  Replacing my generic cable with this Monster Video mini made all the difference.  My picture is clear and interference free now, and the cable is so think that it sort of disappears from view, unlike the unsightly black cable that I used to have.  I like the 90 degree turn on one end and small profile, which allows me to let my furniture hug the wall against my cable jack.
1111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.  The whole family has been able to play easily.  This is the kind of game that can get complicated by how aggressive the play is.  A great game for family game night because it does not have a huge time requirement so allows you to play other games in the evening.  Nice finish for the game and pieces.
5030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game great way to spend time with family and friends
3488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GMs best friend. Hide your dice rolls, short list for all those skill checks we're never sure about, and looks awesome!
2357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Music selections were good.  Book came in excellent condition.

I have to say it is the best toy purchase I have made for my son that has lasted day after imaginative day.  It could be the fact that my son is enamored with driving, but I think this toy is a hit with almost all kids that own them (boy OR girl).  They are worth the money, and will withstand a few kids easily.  The only real wear it shows is the headlight stickers are beginning to peel off.
5760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
1674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my children and they absolutely love this guy.  I almost had to buy one, as so many of their friends had one, and even their class had one. For the money, I think it's definetly worth the happiness it brings to children. I will most likely buy another one for next Christmas, the kids just have so much fun with it.
8110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my 11 year old daughter. She really wanted the original game. It can be challenging, but that's the point of the game.
1573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This little elf has brought so much happiness to my little man! He gets so excited during the holidays to wake up and see which fun new places buddy the elf is hiding!

2280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great, cheaper alternative to the elf on the shelf.  Same concept but less creepy looking!  My kids love it very much
Some people can look at these types of puzzles and figure it out in their head. Others, like me, need the tactile experience of just trying and trying until you get it right. This gives you the opportunity to try solutions. The easy puzzles may be too easy for some but are just right for our children. The harder puzzles are too hard for them but are a just right challenge for my husband and father.
[...]
2-10 players take turns rolling specific 7 specialized colored dice that represent gears as they move their F1 or street car around various circuits.  The game comes with a large double sided board that represents Monaco one side, and a *typical* city like suburban street race on the other.  The boards are made of thick cardboard stock and artwork is very nice and thematic on both sides.  There are plenty of double sided expansions circuits/tracks available separately as well, and I understand that the older Formula De tracks (currently out of print, but can be found on auction sites or game clubs) are compatible as well.  Expansions also add new elements such as intersections, jumps, road hazards and more....each very colorful and of the same high quality as the base game.
6818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	gift
Some chance is good in a game for kids - it levels the game. But I do not think a game that is entirely based on luck is a good idea.
Pros = it comes with 14 custom dice, we all loved the main dice mechanic and it was very easy to learn, the adventure was pretty good (not great, but I can forgive that since a key aspect of the adventure was to help you learn more and more aspects of the game as you went along... and it did that very well), the four pregenerated characters were pretty good (and we loved that FFG posted two more free characters on their web page so we still had choices to make even with four player characters -- search for "Sasha the Explorer" and "Mathus the Technician"), and the other support materials give you just enough info to get excited about the game and maybe start playing if you don't mind spending some time reading what people have posted online. FFG was also nice enough to post a free extension of adventure online (search for "Long Arm of the Hutt") so you can continue the same adventure hook with the pregenerated characters.
5475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a major Twilight fan, I was very excited to receive this game, and my opponent knew I would beat him in no time.  While I did indeed win, I admit that some questions really stumped me, either because I was having a "brain freeze," or did not know the answer ("Name the Actress").
9208	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It took an engineer about 3 hours to put this together. It flew pretty well and was a hit at the birthday party.

8141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like the game we played as kids.  Not like the new version in stores now.
5912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome quick and fun game for the whole family.

Both books are very solid, I love the small cardboard figures it comes with, and it explains things in ways that even someone brand new to table-top gaming can understand.
So, the story is that you are a bunch of Gnomes on a doomed submarine, the Red November. You are being pursued by the Kraken and everything is failing. The crew will be rescued when 60 minutes passes, but you have to work together to survive that long. Each player tries to avert disasters by attempting repairs or other actions, which take time. Gameplay passes, not in a typical clockwise fashion, but to the player whose gnome's time counter is furthest back on the time track. The designers really do an excellent job of making you feel you are working against the clock.
8784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great educational toy
Cons:
1271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my children (ages 12 and 13) and it has since become our favorite family game.  The game can take two hours or so to complete, but everyone stays engaged the whole time.  The board has different routes that players can make between cities.  Each route offers a set amount of points and the player with the highest point total at the end wins.  I think that this works so well for a variety of age groups as it does not require any prior knowledge about geography.  However, it is also challenging enough to keep adults interested.  Awesome family game! Highly recommend!
Gear 3 (red): 5-8

3913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
Quiddler Junior won the 2013 Club Fantasci Childrens Game of the Year for a reason. Its fun to play while being educational and working on spelling as a child is always an important skill to have. Set Enterprises Inc. was kind enough to introduce me to several of their games during the 2013 ASTRA Toy Fair in Nashville, TN. I walked away with a copy of Quiddler Junior and they sent me more games later but it was this game that really caught my attention. I used to home school my daughter so I was very keen on checking this out and seeing its potential in mixing education and fun for the kids. That is a wonderful combination as anyone who has home-schooled can tell you!
7154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	be careful of the cards folding or dog-earing, as this is a fast-paced game.

There are some new tiles that feature new mechanics - a bridge under which you may float in a boat, taking only those fellow investigators that you want; cliffs that are normally impassable borders; single tiles that are counted as two rooms for exploration and horror checks but through which line of sight may be traced and so forth.
8838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a real music instrument, with great sound and a different tone on the edge.  Has already withstood heavy use!  Forget toy drums!  Get the real thing!
4564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just received this game and brought to my Mom's for an after Sunday lunch game. I bought this game because of the name (My Dad was always giving away bananas when Mom had bought a few too many, will still chuckle about it) Anyway, we had a lot of fun and also got a kick out of making up a word or two (just for fun) as we made up a few of our own rules like you CAN use a surname (as my mom had my dad's name in her tiles so of course we did) Make up your own rules and have more fun.. This is great for kids and adults.. Getting back to real good clean fun games to interact is a good thing. I will be buying a few more to give as gifts.
My only con...some of the plastic pieces don't match the colors on the puzzle cards very well.
5964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Adds dimension to the base game by injecting 8 new heroes with unique special abilities and traits.  I look forward to seeing more expansions like this in the future ...
8786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this Mathshark to my son for Christmas and he LOVES it.  He is 7 and my daughter is 11 and they are both enjoying it and using it.  I figure if they want to be on a type of video screen sometimes, they might as well be learning!  I highly recommend it.
5383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this game because it just "sounded" like it might be fun. Often I will buy a game and it will not live up to expectations. But, not in this case! This game is fun and simple to learn. You create lines (six tiles in a row) that are all of the same color with different symbols, or all the same symbol of different colors! Simple enough, but when you begin to play, you start to realize that you can create more than one line by placing a tile in the correct place. Of course you get points for each tile placed and if you complete a line, you get an additional 6 points (called a Qwirkle) for each line completed. You begin to see that by playing a fifth tile in a line you may set up your opponent to play the sixth tile and score a Qwirkle. There are three of each tile in the game and I found myself scanning the board to see what was played so that I could make decisions on how to play my pieces. The tiles are placed just like scrabble horizontal and verticle.

5665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
7238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It only took one game for this to become a family favorite!! A MUST HAVE for every home! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!

The puffy paste has a lovely 3D texture and has an extruder tip (ours was caught in the bottom of the side pocket, so look hard if it doesn't come out with the paste) to create the little star pattern (just like cake decorating, only a teeny bit less thick than frosting).  It's fairly easy to use even for small hands but I would still recommend parent guidance.  As well, try to avoid putting it on the edges to make it easier to use the journal and so they don't flake off.  We had exactly the amount we needed to cover the entire front page to look like frosting, and only a little bit left.  It really wasn't that hard to squeeze the bag to extrude the paste.
*Chakana (2.5)  *Cloak (3)

So while I am playing w/ my younger kids, I can play for myself, but not against them, thus an attempt to even the playing field with my children.  There are a lot better explanations of the typical gameplay, so I will not go into details about how you play the game.

3094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I lover the K&K Company double sided specialty paper pad, I do a lot of scrapbooking and love to use patterned paper. I also do a lot of paper cutting with my Cricut machine and the double sided paper is perfect for most of my projects. I highly recommend this paper pad for all crafters.
176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really cute & my daughter loves them. The quality is pretty good for what it is- some of the letters had some issues with the wood. Do wish it was laminated or something because I can see the top layer coming off after awhile.

Kept reading the reviews to the Kitchen Aid and decided I did not want to spend twice the price on the All Clad.  Thhis saucier does not disappoint in any way.  Shaped well, easy to clean, beautiful and cooks like a dream!  Love it!
2444	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Very small board. Maybe 8"X8"
2610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our second purchase of this lettering book.  The results are remarkable!  Klutz clearly knows how to inspire the artist.  I love seeing the results that come from this book.  If you are a doodler or just want to find inspiration for lettering this may help you too.
3676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the original game but worried about the expansions having a different card stock. This is NOT a problem. The marine cards and actions are never shuffled or random so it doesn't matter. The two teams it comes with are well balanced and offer interesting play options. Well worth a couple bucks.
Agendas: Director Haas Pet Project, Efficiency Committee, Project Wotan, Sentinel Defense Program, Gila Hands Arcology (neutral)
968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Superfun!  Was able to play with as young as 8 year old.  Lots of competition so cooperative type people might not love it.
2037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Made every day exciting for my three year old Granddaughter. She can't wait for the Elf to come back next year
To make it a little more educational and challenging we made new cards recently with the names of the colors written on them.  Both kids are just beginning to read so this has been a fun way to practice recognizing color words.  We made cards for some of the special squares as well so the feel of the game stays the same.  It's keeping the game interesting for all of us who get roped into playing.

3058	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute and soft! It's even cuter in person and a great addition to the book.
Which brings me to the question of  who on earth thought that making the rings so hard to connect was a good idea.  As a mom, I usually have other chores at bath time other than ring rangler.  And then there is the hardness factor.  The dashboard of my car is softer.  A little more built-in teething satisfaction would have been nice.

9025	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son's preschool music teacher has a larger size of this drum and he loves it. We bought him this one for Christmas and he enjoys it just as much as the one in music class!
2594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	They go pretty fast -- but the kids really enjoy using these after they've been using the pattern blocks for a while.  I just wish more came in a pkg.
281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good set
And kindergarten ! Such a cute game!

8012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.  I love seeing the kids play a game I grew up with.  I forgot how tiny the parts are so watch if toddlers are in the area.
4046	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great buy at an affordable price.
5652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game!  Very easy to learn and a lot of fun to play with two people or more.  Its fun that the game changes every time you play it
4226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game, & a nice change of pace from your typical board games.  There are add ons that you can purchase, but I haven't needed to do that yet.  Highly recommend for any history buffs or if you're looking for something different.

1493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone in our family enjoys this - aged 9 through teen years and to the adults.  What we love is how we can play together in competition while also working on individual goals.  Each player has to try to gather enough of the right colored cards to make train route connection across North America,earning points as your train route grows in length.  Players try to block each other.  Strategy can be simple for the younger kids or more complex for the adults.  It is best played with 3 or more.  I like most that 5 can play easily.
4919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	how much fun is this game???? it's great fun!!! we LOVED it with 2 people, loved it on our camping trip with 4 and even 6 people!

4228	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game from the creators of Fluxx.  Alter the timeline in this fun and dynamic time-traveling game.  Collect artifacts like a convincing copy of the Mona Lisa, a sports almanac from the future, or even live dinosaurs while changing the course of history to get back to your home timeline.  This is a great game to play with three or four history buffs.  What do you think would happen if John Lennon survived his assassination?
1400	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game will provide hours of fun. There is mild strategy involved, but not too complicated for your casual gamer. This is a nice game if you have a hour to kill. I have recommended this to friends and to my knowledge, no one has said "I wish I didn't play that game" after completing the game (unless they are a poor sport).
7671	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	just as I remember from childhood
8264	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandchildren, ages 5 and 3, dearly love this game.  All they really want to do is set it up and trap the mouse over and over, squealing with delight each time.  More than worth the money to see them having so much fun!
What I really appreciate about Undermountain is the space it adds that allows a player to draw a quest from Cliffwatch Inn, then play an Intrigue Card. And we all know that Waterdeep Harbor used to have the virtual monopoly when it comes to playing Intrigue Cards. It's a tempting offer that allows one to further advance his goals, but without the benefit of the second action that players get from Waterdeep Harbor.

6168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Better than I expected for the money . Love to play with it and I'm 63 years old
If you are looking for a complex gear set, look for one that has a nice modular design for the vertical gear configurations.
Finally, it has two firing arch (a 90 degree firing arch in front, and a 90 degree firing arch in back).  You can fire your primary weapon using either firing arch, but you have to fire secondary weapons from the front firing arch).  One drawback is that the base is so big it's hard to maneuver (that is, to avoid asteroids and other ships so you don't lose your ability to attack or take actions that turn).
Very smooth paint, i love the paint brush so nice to work with and the book is amazing!!Shows you step by step on every picture...
6387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Daughter (4) is a huge Curious George fan so she enjoys carrying this around with "goodies" inside. Strong and cute. Might have to purchase the Curious George jack-in-a-box next.
A video game version of this is also available on Xbox 360 LIVE arcade. You can purchase it for either 600 or 800 points (see&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Xbox-360-Live-1600-Points/dp/B000B9RI14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Xbox 360 Live 1600 Points</a>&nbsp;and others) which works out to considerably cheaper than the board game and allows online multiplayer. A demo of this is available as well.
3204	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So-so. Not as good as I thought it would be.
Great idea that once you buy it, will provide years of enjoyment. Highly recommend. Might even be adding the girl version in the future.
3205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is really cool... if you're as big of a Princess Bride fan as I am. I love the innovative use of the situations of the film in a card game. Essentially, you place tiles to mark the obstacles on the way to, well, storming the castle. These tiles include the pit of despair, the cliffs of insanity, and other locations from the film. You use cards from your hand to help you get through the obstacles, make more obstacles for the other player, or get more/different cards. The first one to get past all their tiles to the castle is the winner! I really enjoyed the game, but the rest of my family (who enjoy the film, but haven't seen it the bazillion and a half times I have; nor have they read the book) was only humoring me by playing. The game is pretty complicated to get started, especially if you don't have a solid grasp on all the aspects of the film. I would only recommend this if you are a HUGE fan, and if you know other big fans who would enjoy this type of game.



In the first two weeks of having this game, we've played about two dozen times with players from the age of 7 to 40+. Surprisingly, this is a solid two player card game. It's rare to find a game that holds up with just two players and Flip City is one of those games.
5375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is kind of like playing scrabble, but with shapes and colors instead of numbers.  The game consists of tiles that have 6 different shapes, and 6 different colors.  Each set that is played can be a maximum of 6 tiles long, called a qwirkle.  A set must either be all different shapes but the same color, or all different colors but the same shape.  For example, you can have a red set that contains the circle, square, sunburst, ninja star, plus, and diamond.  All red plus all 6 of the possible shapes, this would be a qwirkle.  You can not repeat the same shape in the set.  Example: You can not have a red circle, red square, red plus, and then another red circle.  The goal of the game is to use the tiles in your hand to make a new set or add on to an existing set.  You earn 1 point for each tile you play, one point for each tile in a set that you connect to, and bonus points for making a qwirkle.  Most points when the tiles run out is the winner!
It may not keep the kids off their phones, but it can make them forget about it for an hour.
6235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on NitroRCX.com and let me tell you it's amazing. 2.4 ghz transmitter with trim settings and all you will need to get this car trimmed out and 4 wheel separate adjustable oil filled suspension, and the car is a little more inclined to beginner to novice drivers because of the 2 wheel drive but it does mean you will have less parts to worry about if you break them. Plus it goes at least 20 mph with spiked rear tires and ribbed front tires for optimum cornering traction. It does drift and kick up a lot of dirt. It is ready to run only needing 4 AA batteries for the transmitter. The polycarbonate shell is held on by 4 pins, spoiler by 2 and little front shell under front suspension by one. Under the body it does have a roll cage encasing the electronics which even have a splashproof servo and splashroof ESC which means you can run it through puddles, snow, and wet grass and not have to worry about any components frying out. It is a brushed motor powered by a 7.2 volt nickel metal hydrate battery and you're gonna get about 10 minutes of run time on this battery and this is Lipo ready. It also has a servo saver so if you crash or take any impacts it will save your servo gears from stripping out. That is most of the information over this rc buggy. If you want a little more information over this and even a video of this buggy in action visit NitroRCX on YouTube, like and subscribe to them.
289	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Useful if you don't have a grid to draw on or if you want to add something to your grid.
3278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really like this game due to the look, feel and different ways to win the game. The components are awesome and It is very similar to civ. rev.
5098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game for anyone. Its VERY easy to learn, VERY easy to play and can be some what challenging at the same time. Game play is very much using your five  tiles to play either matching colors OR matching shapes to score points. The more tiles you play and affect on the game board the more points you receive. It is durable as all items are thick wooden pieces painted and it comes in a cotton bag to hold it all. I've taken it to the bar once or twice as drunk people cannot hold a discussion but can play this game.

1275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For me Rush Hour will always be the Classic solitaire brain game. I've owned the original since the 90s and have every version that ThinkFun has made since. So I was thrilled when ThinkFun sent me a free copy of their Brain Fitness version to review.
3495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"GM Screen" by Paizo, published and distributed by Paizo Publishing.
5427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I finally got the family together for game night and insisted we play Scene It Comedy Movies.  I'd played Scene It before and had a blast.  All of us had laughed till we had tears running down our faces.  I expected the same here.  Instead, I had a good time, but my Mother and young adult children (early 20s) weren't familiar with most of the movies referenced.  I still recommend the game to friends but I make sure they play with people who are "in to" comedies from the 60s to the present.  Otherwise, they will have a game that becomes boring.
6567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Met my expectations.
6226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I picked this set of knives up on Woot for $13 for my wife a couple years ago. She loves animal print so I thought for that price it was worth a small gag gifts for my wife.
4721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great visual aid!  Got this for 10 yr old grandson, who is heavy into skateboarding and dirt bikes, so I was taking a chance. He tore right into it, pretended to be grossed out, played exclusively with it over all the other Christmas gifts, and actually said to me, "This is the BEST toy I've ever gotten!"  His 11 yr old brother was also very interested in it. The book is informative and easy to understand, the parts chart, with descriptions of each organ, was very helpful.  I'm ordering a second one to keep at my house so we can interact with it together when he's here, to enhance the learning aspect of the toy.  It's a wonderful "sit at the table and play alone" kind of toy.
This will be a yearly tradition for our family for sure!
4801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My three year old can now identify organs by sight. That's pretty impressive to me. She loves taking them all out and putting them back in. The stomach and the liver are a bit tricky though
4906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun new game, at least to me!
5950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the idea of these sorts of games but haven't played them much so was a little nervous when I opened the box. But, wow. What a lot of fun. Just finished my first game with one other person. It took a while to catch on and we played the "wharf" side of the player board which seemed less complicated. We talked through the first several moves out loud. Once we got the hang of moving the market pieces the game picked up pace and was a TON of fun.
5019	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	What happen to quality control? Some wooden tiles are chipped on the corner and edge making them stand out from the other tiles. Not good since the game requires the face down side of all titles to be anonymous and exactly the same.
6583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was around when I was young and it's still a blast to play.  Kids LOVE the popper and the game is very easy to learn.

5908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful pressure light style game. I grew up a dungeon & Dragons fan and this scratches an itch.
9584	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my oldest son because he is interested in learning addition and subtraction. He has only used it four or five times. He gets frustrated that his finger covers the answer and the plastic is so thick it is hard to read anyway. I remember using this toy when I was young and I thought the manufacturers would have developed a better product since materials have changed so much in the past twenty years.

 It is amazing that so few people know about the game of Rook. Although Rook has been around since 1906 it has oddly remained mostly a regional game (southern USA). I am not sure why it has not spread - my wife is from California and despite learning the game a little later in life she has become a Rook-aholic (we are getting her help!).
7286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic!
2221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My siblings and our spouses recently got together and played this game one evening. It was a huge hit. Everyone had a great time. (Yes, there was alcohol involved--but that's beside the point.) It's simply a fun game and doesn't require a lot of thinking.
[EDIT 11/22/13] I never did properly understand how the "Fate Point Economy" worked from the information in this book, but because I often don't know when I'm beat I picked up a copy of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fate-Core-System/dp/1613170297/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fate: Core System</a>&nbsp;and after a few minutes reading had my Fate Point Economy epiphany. Now I want to try the DFRPG again.[/EDIT]
6748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun and educational. I would definitely recommend this game.
Each tile depicts a character with a number on all 4 sides of the tile.  When placed, those numbers are compared to surrounding tiles.  Any of the other player's tiles that have lower numbers compared to the placed tile are flipped to the current player's color.  The tiles almost all also have a special ability that can be anything from moving other tiles around to switching tiles between players hands.  This makes for a lot of replayability.
0	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The stained glass pages are pretty cool. And it is nice how the black outlines are super dark and thick. And that the dragons aren't all fighting with the wizards.
1835	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
4370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really like Scrabble and word games but this was just not as fun as I was hoping. Players must yell out words associated with bananas based on their actions, and this quickly became annoying. My husband and I both have expansive vocabularies that range across different languages and it was unclear which words were passable and which were not. Maybe this game is more for children.
With EXODUS, the weird thing is that you can play it without New Caprica. The rules for playing with the NEw Carpica expansion (Pegasus) are not so good. Also, the cylons are stronger now. The humans will indeed suffer more to win a game of BSG.

7909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of laughs when we play operation, it brings back a lot of fun memories.
9093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this drum, although it is much bigger than I anticipated. Kids can climb on it and it doesn't break. We like that many kids can play it at the samem time too.
5564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loves this game.  I don't quite understand why, but he's a big fan
325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thx
(3) Ungoals add an interesting twist, particularly when the rule forcing them to be played is down.
9655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves it.
2966	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for our kindergarten classroom

6966	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	perfect for a pretend Kitchen setup and a little grocery store for your child.

3880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The "Rebel Transport Expansion Pack" for "Star Wars: X-Wing Miniatures" is a fantastic addition to a brilliant game.  Like the Tantive IV, the Rebel Transport introduces a new movement template and energy.  While the Rebel Transport has no offensive weapons, it does have a number of abilities that can be utilized through upgrade cards.  When selecting movement from the Rebel transport's maneuver dial, players will note that the faster it moves the less energy it will produce, and the slower it moves the more energy it will produce.  It is a trade off.  Energy can then be assigned to those abilities on the upgrade cards, or for actions.  One of the coolest actions for the Rebel Transport is its ability to spend energy to repair shields.  This is important since the ship is essentially a moving target in the game.  The game comes with many scenarios.  The first one has the Rebel Transport and its escorts flying through a minefield.  If the Rebel ships fly close to the mines they can take control of them, but if the Rebel Transport gets close they can deal damage and cause other problems.  It's a fun scenario that fans of the game will really enjoy.
The game is a quick play and things are always happening, so it is engaging and fun for the kids.  It is definitely a classic, but I wish they would bring back the old-school game quality that many of us know and love!
9029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This works great! So great that at my 2 year olds birthday party (when I gave it to my son) a few parents were so impressed by the quality of it that they went on amazon with their phones and purchased one themselves!
5063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. Even my 4 year old daughter plays with us.
The rules change as you play, creating a unique game each time.

Remember when we were growing up and toys were built to last?  Remember when a scientific toy actually taught scientific principals?

5192	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game, now I get copies of it for gifts to friends and family!  Simple rules - similar to dominos - matching colors or patterns to score points. Kids pick up on it quickly, too!
Even with these minor issues, it's incredible fun, and with a play of about 40 to 50 minutes, you can get several games completed in a night. The app works well. There was an early issue with people losing their game if a call came through on their phone that some reviewers mentioned, but when I had to unexpectedly close the app and leave the house, it asked me if I wanted to resume when I started it back up. It started me at the beginning of the resolutions phase, but it was easy to pick up from there. A good design choice. I worry a little about the future of a game that depends on an application to play. If I take good care of it, I'll still be able to play Agricola 30 years from now. The app has added boundless possibilities to this game, but if support is ever dropped then this board game will become an oversize paperweight.

8791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When we moved to our first house, I immediately went out and bought one of these for my 2 year old because every time we went to Toys R' Us all he wanted to do at the store was play with this toy. Now that he has it all he wants to do is go out in the front yard and drive it. We also got the gas pump and he loves getting out and filling up the gas and then driving some more. This is a great toy for kids and seems very durable, I definitely think it will last. However it was very very very hard to put together. One of the front yellow pieces would NOT fit in the red car part. My husband has to shave plastic off with his knive then cram it in there while I sat on top of the whole thing to hold it in, so he could then drill a screw through the outside of the back into the red car part. I would suggest paying the extra 10 bucks to have them put it together at the store.

8360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	On time and as advertised.
The package seal was broken when I received it, but the mat seemed to be in pristine condition. The mat is a thin rubber, so it's a bit floppy, even when rolled up. This made it impossible to get it back in the box again, so he'll have to store it somewhere else. Perhaps in a poster tube? It did have a bit of an odor when my husband unpacked it, sort of a chemical/rubber smell. But I expect that will fade the first time he lays it flat and actually plays a game on it. He's very pleased with the mat. Apparently, when you play on a table top, the little space ships can slide around and fall over, but with the mat, they'll stay put, exactly where they're supposed to be.
4847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 10 year old for Christmas. He LOVED it! He wants more. It's challenging but not hard. Great boredom buster.

5261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter (5) My husband and I all love this game. My daughter asks us to play this game all the time.  We brought it to a family party after Christmas and all the kids 5-12 loved playing it.


3979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the second expansion of Eldritch Horror and is a 'big box' expansion.  It adds a bunch of new cards, new investigators, new tokens, and a new side board.  If you're an Eldritch Horror fan this is worth the forty bucks as it not only brings new content but also adds more cards to the existing decks.  That said, however, I'd argue that getting the first expansion 'Forsaken Lore' before getting this is a better investment as Forsaken Lore adds even more cards to the existing decks which really adds to re-playability.  Mountains of Madness is still a great expansion, though, just not the first one I'd buy (but I did buy it).
It's complicated and needs at least 3 players, preferably 4 or 5 for maximum fun. Hopefully people who are good friends with each other. Strategy, luck and alliances are all important in this game.
1810	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it but haven't been able to use it yet. Next year will be our first year.  I do wish the arms and legs were posable but can't wait till Christmas to start a new family tradition.
9710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	brio for trains is the best i have ever bought for  my 4 yera old son. he loves this item
5274	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This came with only the tiles.  No instructions and we still have not figured out a way to print instructions from Mindware's site.  There is also supposed to be a bag--this was missing, too.
2477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic!!!
And those rules? They can be boiled down to "It's like Gin Rummy ... with little plastic trains". Collect cards of matching color sets, then use those sets to claim your tracks to connect cities into a grand network. But watch out for your fellow railbarons, who might have designs for that Los Angeles to El Paso route!
I would recommend a purely cards-only version, no tokens or 'rules' just give us the scenarios.

Just a few cons for people who aren't into rules. There is a 30 page rule set that you will need to soak up before playing the game. In the end once you play it a couple of times the game is quite easy to play. I would recommend going on youtube and checking out play throughs people have posted to learn easier. There also is cool trailer from fantasy flight that shows you the game mechanics.
(You'll need an Boardgame geek account to follow the link)
6458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great

Qwirkle...bringing Brother-in-laws together.
At the beginning of the game, you also choose one of several character cards. Each card has a pair of abilities. One is a persistent ability such as all wizards can count as thieves and thieves can be used as wizards. Each character also has a single use per delve ability such as automatically killing two enemy monsters or turning an enemy skeleton into a friendly fighter character. Each time you beat a level, you earn an extra experience point at the end of your delve. Once your character earns five experience, they level up to an upgraded class with improved abilities. For example, the upgrade might allow the character to turn up to two skeletons into two fighters.
2439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tile lock is so useful--- makes it much more difficult for your boyfriend to try to move pieces around while you're refilling drinks in the kitchen. ;)
8648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old son bought this with his own money. :) He has had it for months and still plays with it.  Just a fun, keep the hands busy kind of toy.

153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very cute puzzle and I love the zipper bag for storage.  Our puzzles in boxes always seem to get destroyed and pieces get lost, but these bags make cleaning up and storage easier.
2315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has had a wonderful time looking for our elf, this year he has been well behaved thus far - last year he was a bit mischevious but there are 2 wks left till Christmas .
ALSO - you can try it before you buy it that way.  You can make an account for free and play 5 games.
1854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is what I was wanting, but could totally do with out the book. Wish you could just buy the elf. We had lots of fun with him though!


6251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great entry-level crawler. Plenty of power ( snapped and axle in less than 10 mins lol. I got it bound up. Not the trucks fault.) Comes with three sets of springs soft, medium,  and hard. The battery it comes with last around 15- 20 mins. I bought a 5000mah battery and I have crawled for well 9ver 45 mins with little to no pause.  Only 2 things I recommend doing. 1st is to trim back the wheel arches quit abit, the tires get hung at full articulation. 2nd is to change the 4mm red banana plugs out for tamiya.  Opens up a whole new world of battery options with tamiya plugs.


9286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All the kids seem to like it. It is a nice quality drum that has a good sound. I bought it for my autistic grandson.

8759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I received this product for free to provide my honest feedback.
4017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this game.  Fast paced action, constant full team participation, great replay-ability due to the use of the tablet/pc app.
The game has a very quick setup.  Empty out the treasure chest if you choose to use it as your treasure token randomizer (which you always should!).  Place the treasure tokens in the chest or flip them all face down if keeping them out on the table.  Place the experience tokens near by.  Each player can have a reference card and then each player will either choose their hero or deal these out randomly.  That is it!
1343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to ride is a game my son wanted for Christmas. He has alot of fun with it and at a fair price!
8660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is one of my family's favorite games....my youngest started playing at about four years old...and i don't think anyone who enjoys games would outgrow it...... in rat a tat game you play multiple hands and keep score....we play so often that we have a dedicated journal that we just keep rat a tat cat scores in......great game!
7949	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this classic version of the game. It's pretty much exactly like what I had when I was a kid.


5297	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased this for our 6 year old.  tried to play it once.  the instructions were too difficult to understand and play.  getting rid of it today.
7429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! Arrived on time!
126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very popular game in my therapy work with kids!
I didn't talk much about the game during this review, because everyone enjoys playing Scrabble.  It's almost a right of passage to play Scrabble as a child.  And many also enjoy it well into adulthood.  In fact, once one can read well enough to play Scrabble, it almost becomes more enjoyable over the years.

This expansion (which is really two expansions) makes EVERYTHING BETTER.

1968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The book that came along with the elf was perfect to explain the elf's story, and our boys (ages 3 and 5) immediately got into it. The elf is cute, although probably a bit expensive considering what it is. However, it was worth the price to start a fun tradition that made our boys rocket out of bed every morning to see what their elf had done overnight.
4320	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you're into word games, Bananagrams is really fun.

2929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this paperline.

2885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made and a fun Manipulative for the kids to use during a Llama reading. My student love this plush.

5108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game! All ages enjoy this fun game!
9679	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Both the connecters and track lines fit great with the Thomas The Train track my kid has. Also a great add-on for the kid that also love hot wheels cars.
3033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We buy a new one every year to keep track of all appointment.  It is just the right size to fit comfortably in a purse or your pocket.  The space is write on each date is entirely sufficient.  It is nice looking and durable.  Highly recommended.
6136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Metal parts are great but the plastic pieces brake way to easy & it is very disappointing to me but can't complain givin the price.
277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The tiles are just as i hoped they would be. The graphics are very nice and the board is sturdy and should hold up well.
2693	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this game because my 4 year old grandsons love the Pete the /Cat books.  However, this is about the worse game for pre-school children I've ever seen.  They could have provided actual cups to hold the buttons on, as little kids had trouble stacking their buttons on the flat board cup, having kids trade "cups" of buttons is even more ridiculous!  This games should have followed the simple format used by other color coded games.  When we played, I had to change the games format/goals to doable for 4 year olds.
He has done everything from pretend grocery shopping with it, placing can goods in the little space/trunk, making it into a pick-up/dumper truck with a basket tied on with a bungie cord, to turning it into a mobile tent with his blankie.  It has also carried every toy, animal and goodie from here to eternity!
7617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We  love this register. Very real like. I only gave it 4 stars bc I wish the dollar bills would have  been made to last. I laminated them to make them last longer and not get ripped to pieces. Did the job but was very time consuming.
Overall, I am very pleased with my purchase. My sons are very young so the oldest is just starting to get into it. Today he laughed at the elf on the fan, or the elf carousel as we called it. I look forward to doing this year after year.
6334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought all four Beatles because as a little kid, I was 8 years old when the Beatles came over to the Colonies.  My family was on Vacation and we were at a Sheraton on Van Ness in San Francisco.  The day before I saw these bobble head Beatles in downtown SF and my parents wouldn't let me look at them.  As a kid and to this day I have a great memory for directions so I got up before my family and walked from Van Ness all the way down to the Financial district of S.F. only to find that the store wasn't open for another 3 hours.  I walked all the way back up post street to Van Ness and was back before anyone noticed me missing.  Looking back 53 years later, I can't imagine how stupid that was, and how dangerous it would be today.
Of course, it stays in the box when he is not using it. It is not for the toy box.
9380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We got this butterfly garden for my daughter's 8th grade science project.  She is thrilled about it and gives it a big two thumbs up. Butterflies haven't come yet, but will get here after vacation for us. You can have the butterflies sent whenever you want. I really liked that part.
My daughter loved the stickers more than the charms and puffy paste but definitely enjoyed embellishing with the paste.
3212	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My friends and I love Gloom and this is our favorite expansion. This expansion contains another family set, so it increases total players to 5. The new Homes cards add fun/an extra element to the game for more ways to help yourself or hinder your opponents. It also comes with more gloomy mishaps for modifier and event cards. If you are looking for an expansion to Gloom, I recommend this one.
4440	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The new Scrabble, but hey it's what they want now.
7465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has turned out to be the family favorite. We play at least once every day and my 4yr old can't get enough.

2829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've given this, along with Llama Llama's Little Library, as a baby shower gift.  It's something that can be used when the child is a bit older, as opposed to all the gifts used right away, like bibs or bottles.  I also bought one for my 2 year old's second birthday, and she loves her "nah nah", as she calls him.  She grabs him, and cuddles him while we read our Llama Llama books together.
3276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As good as boardgames get...
9639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I expect nothing less then a superior product from Brio.  This Brio product is as expected.  Like all Brio products I have purchased it is top notch!  Brio make outstanding high quality products!  This is awesome!  My boy loves it and I can't help but love it as well
This is a fast paced game that encourages vocabulary and works on spelling as well as different meanings of words.  A definate conversation starter with kids who will ask if different letter placings are words.
5916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really fun family game. We play games like: Love Letter, Settlers, Forbidden Island, Magic, Pokemon... and it clicked with me and the kids for a 30 minute dungeon romp. (10 minutes per person to play since each family member does their own "delve," then the next.
2148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun dice game for football fans of any age - 10 year old enjoyed this one.  Comes with dice cup and storage bag...the bag is oddly sized (too small for both cup and dice and too large for just dice) so we don't use it.
are, the ratchets are somewhere else.
8757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 8yo twins received this for review and were actually excited to practice math with it during their summer vacation!  It requires 2 AA batteries in a rear compartment that can be unscrewed with a coin.  As stated in other reviews, the battery door bulges with the batteries inside although it does not affect the function. The screen is a very basic design typical of a calculator but with functions that allow testing in addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, decimals, fractions and percentiles.  There are 9 levels for each function and a help button to provide clues.  It's simple enough that my 6yo was able to figure it out and the green and red light next to the screen lets the player know if they have the correct answer.  It's great for building math skills and since my kids are happy to play with it as an electronic toy I'm very happy
This is by far my favorite of the 3 titles...  I think a game called dungeons and dragons should have you entering a dungeon and fighting a dragon.  This one DELIVERS and then some.
5470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter and her friends love Twilight and she was very excited when "Scene It? Twilight Saga Deluxe" came out. Scene It? games are always great fun at parties and this one is a huge hit for those who love the Twilight series (we played and enjoyed&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Disney-Scene-It-DVD-Board-Game/dp/B000GQ26Y6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Disney: Scene It? DVD Board Game</a>&nbsp;quite a bit as well), but I honestly never have any chance at winning since my daughter and her friends have seen every movie and most of them have also read the books.
Because of these secret tickets you get, no one knows for sure how many points each player has until the very end when the game is over. At this point, everyone reveals their tickets and the final scores are tallied. This is another thing I like about Ticket to Ride in comparison to Catan. In Catan it can come to a point where defeat is almost certain, but in Ticket to Ride I've been in dead last when the game ends, but end up winning because I had some high scoring tickets that I had connected. This helps players stay involved the whole game, which is important to any game, in my opinion.

5945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really Fun game you can carry easily in a backpack or bag.  Easy to learn and fun to play.

7944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy.  My kids love it and I love it.  They can play and have fun or we can use it to learn counting and other math skills.  All the buttons are fully functional so you can actually use it as a calculator in a pinch!
680	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son uses this everyday but really doesn't get the concept yet about sharing and spending.  He just wants to save all his money and not spend any of it.  lol  I was using a ziplock bag for all his birthday money before so this is a good buy for us.
3927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'd rate it 5 star, but I like the Millennium Falcon better.
Rules:
I'll start by saying that I'm a fan of more complicated games like Agricola (my favorite at the time of writing) or Pandemic, so the lack of options is a bit uninteresting to me. That said, I still enjoy playing Ticket to Ride. I like to compare it to Catan, because a lot of people looking into board games have some experience with that one. You are collecting resources in order to build around other players and get the most points. In Ticket to Ride, the resources are colored trains, and you're building stretches of railroad that are worth certain amounts of points. In Catan, you roll dice to determine what resources you get. In Ticket to Ride, you draw from a deck (you can choose from 5 cards that you can see, or take random cards). I like this because you have control over what you receive, where as in Catan, if the dice are not in your favor, you're out of luck. For this reason though, there is no trading in Ticket to Ride. This also means that turn length is cut to a minimum. No one is asking for cards or taking resources and then building something. All you can do is draw or build. It is hard to find something bad to say about this game, but that would be my one complaint: it can get repetitive since your're doing the same thing every turn.
1060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sister's family have been playing with this game for a year now and they love it.  They have a large family and everyone is able to play.

8258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son for Christmas, just before he turned 5.  He loves it!  He wants to play it over and over, and it's very easy for him to understand.  Also, I got this game for less than $5 when Amazon had it on sale, so I loved the price as well!  I recommend this game!
9301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good solid, sturdy drum.  It can really take a beating from my 2 yr old!  He loves it.  Has a bit of a tinny sound, but it doesn't bother us.


Basics-Let's do worker placement with only one worker!  Harbor is a worker placement game where you only have one worker while you manipulate the market for fish, meat, stone, and wood to buy property and build your economic empire.  Each player gets a different role from a penny pincher to a pirate.  These cards give each of you a power, a start location, as well as a marker to keep track of your different good.  Between all the players sits the market board as well as a number of location cards.  These building each have a cost, a victory point value, possibly extra ability markers, and a power.  Each turn, players move their one meeple to a new building and do the action on the card.  These actions range from buy a building, gain some of one resource, or lose X of one resource and gain Y of another.  And that's the entire game!  I'm not being condescending here; I'm impressed by the elegance.  What really cranks this game up to 11 is the market.  On a separate board is a market of good with the current value of meat, fish, wood, and stone.  You must have at minimum the same number of a good as the dollar value of the good.  When you move to a building that allows you to buy a property, you move the good to the sold location on the card, which is below the normal location.  You will most likely sell multiple goods at once, so multiple goods will be on the sold locations at the end of your turn if you buy.  But, the market shifts now.  Goods you didn't sell move higher in the market, increasing their price.  The sold goods have saturated the market.  They move on the sold track to the last spots.  Since goods you sold a lot of have moved into the last spot in the sold row, good you sold more of enter the market on the lowest value as the market is now flooded.  Play continues until someone has bought their fifth building, then all players get one more turn, and the player with the most points in the harbor master!
8253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My so asked for this game, and we have had a blast playing it since it arrived! Though not new, it was obviously take care of, and had each piece with instructions. Very pleased, and have enjoyed the hours of fun with my family!
In service,






9861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice quality for the price
1002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun way to strategize and learn US geography. takes only 1 game to understand how to play. young and old can enjoy as long as they can remember that you have a limited number of tiles and should not over commit.
it is just a tiny amount of stickers which do not work, and that is basically it. I thought the backgrounds would make this special but it just is tiny and does not work.
Imagine a serious relative drawing a card where they have to Jump up and down and scream "I want to win this game" 3 times, this game is sure to loosen up even the most tightly wound people!
1337	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game, along with Settlers of Catan and Carcassonne, is one that I always use as a 'Gateway Game' to get friends and family who are not serious board gamers hooked on games.
The build of the game is very good quality and hopefully will hold up to the test of time and multiple plays.


719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is lots of fun! The first time you play it, there is a slight adjustment period where you learn the rules and try to adapt a strategy. By the time you play this game for a second time, you'll be ready to conquer America and the railway system. I particularly love the symbols that coordinate to the colored railways and cars, for someone who is colorblind, it is a relief to not worry about mixing up colors on the game!
334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	my full video review - http://www.gameboygeek.com/#!scoundrels-of-skullport/c202a
4600	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	How many times have you feigned interest in a child's game you agreed to play with them? This little sack of letter tiles is quite different.  We've all had so much fun playing this, it's worth its weight in gold.  I gave it to my just turned 7-year-old granddaughter for her birthday thinking it would be good 'filler', ho-hum but not expensive, and good for her to learn spelling.  I was quite surprised that she instantly recognized it from her pre-k class and was very excited because she'd loved it then (when she couldn't spell much of anything).
9630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This railway crossing was purchased to add to my Brio set.  It fits perfectly and is easy to use.  There are no lights or sound, but the rails go up and down easily.
9599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who knew that my 3 year old son would be addicted to railroad crossings?  It's his favorite part of the track.
6950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our daughtet got this for her 3rd birthday and loves it.
1088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My children (ages 12-18) and we the parents enjoy this game. It was easy to understand and was pretty quick paced. We purchased this off of a recommendation of a friend of ours. Not bad. Looking for something that was different than your normal board games and we ordered this one and Catan.


295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is easily one of the most usable tile sets i have purchased, its got a lot of heavy duty tiles and great artwork. Some of the pieces are a bit obscure and do not have the versatility while others can be fit into many situations. I would recommend it to any DM/GM (screw you wizards and copy writing that term).
4.) Cutthroat: This gives the game a real "cut throat" atmosphere. Sometimes the best move for a player is to place train cars between cities they don't care that much about - just to stop another player - either from getting the longest chain of cars, or completing their tickets. This can cause some enmity, but it's all in good fun, and I really enjoyed the player interaction - from taking cards to placing trains.

9649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this toy to use in my church nursery for my toddler Sunday School class.  They love it!  We use it to act out Biblical Voyages, such as Moses crossing the red sea.  This is one of their favorite toys!  They love chasing each other through it and hiding in it.  It is easy to clean up, just collapse it and tie the nylon ties closed.  It has been smooshed, jumped on, and used by a LARGE 10-year old, and no damage has been done!  I am very happy with this item.
2352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love these playing cards.  Each suit has quotes from a different one of Jane Austin's books.  Also, the King, Queen and Jack are the main characters from the books.  The quality and feel of the cards is excellent.
I have been playing this game for years. It still is one of my favorites. I am a game collector and got hold of ADVANCED MASTERMIND. To bad it is so hard to find. In the advanced version the color code is made of a sequence of five colors instead of four. Plus there are eight different colors to choose from, nine if you use vacant holes as a color. This raises the possible combinations from 2,000 in the classic game to around 60,000 possible combinations! Yet really advanced players should break the code in four to six guesses. You get a maximum of 12 guesses instead of the ten in the classic game. If you find this version you will love it and wonder why it's so hard to get.
8439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Any kids that I've played this with have never actually played the game...they just love putting the contraption together! There is nothing more rewarding than hearing this excited little laugh-scream when the mouse is captured.

1496	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this game to play with a 9 year old grandson who loves board games.  We are sick of Monopoly and Clue, etc.  I found this game mentioned in a recent issue of Shop Smart magazine and immediately looked it up on Amazon.  This game, the basic US version, was fun and interesting and taught our grandson names of the cities plus how to spell them.  The game is fun, fast, moves have to be strategic; there is no play money involved (no banking yeh!) and the competition between players is more civil as the board is large, the train routes are many and options for your turn are many.

9667	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great tent for the price. Super easy to put up. We have it in our toddlers room.
7365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Came just as expected.
1254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the game that got me started into the hobby a few months ago. I had never played any other board game beside Monopoly and Parcheesi... so this was it. What else can I say about this game that hasn't already been said.. it is pretty much the perfect gateway game, the one that you can show to someone and who doesn't play board games and probably hook him/her into it. It's one of my favorites and it's pretty much as you can see in all the other reviews, a game that's in every gamer's shelf. If you like having fun, GET THIS IMMEDIATELY.

7712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is great! Very much same as the real register and the money is also similar to the real one.

The cards are very bright and colorful, and also double sided...hence..the 'Flip' component of the title.  By flipping a card (once certain upgrade requirements are fulfilled by other cards played) you 'unlock' the upgraded version of the card.  But because these cards are in fact double-sided, you must be very careful of not *looking* at yours cards while you shuffle, and there will be a lot of re-shuffling of your cards to replenish your hand.  As the game progresses, your deck and hand will increase in size, and so will your options and buildings.
2624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Came in excellent shape. Haven't opened-as is a Christmas gift.
1385	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Something about this game really draws me in! I could play this game every night and never lose interest. Every game is different. Every game takes skill and strategy and not just luck. Part of what I like about this game is the quality of the design. The instructions, the inserts, on down to the box it comes in are beautiful. When I'm playing the game it makes me feel like I'm actually building real-life train tracks ... this is probably aided by the introduction to the game where it tells about rich old friends meeting once each year and betting on who could get to a certain destination cheapest and fastest ... or something like that. I would recommend this game to anyone. It's challenging, pretty, and fun.
7030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have had one of these for a few years and my 5 and 2.5 year olds love it. We just purchased another as a gift for a 3-year-old and he is over the moon. The kids love playing with the calculator and sorting the coins. Their favorite part is the "open" button that opens the drawer! This is a well-made cash register toy and ours has survived quite a lot of hard play.
1090	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An easy to learn and set up game that's fun for a group of people. I've heard it's a great introduction game to more in depth games and I would have to agree to that. There are many different strategies to play out and you have to adjust as you play.
2563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandsons LOVE this book!

1914	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has become a tradition in our household that is loved by all.  My children are delighted every year when their elf arrives.  Now we can't imagine Christmas without our elf, Chip!  This is a great way to have fun with your children and make memories that they will be talking about for years to come.
Bought my son one when I saw it. Only thing that is bad... is that like the other reviewers said I wish the answers were a little bit more clear.
7261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game!
4642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is awesome my daughter loves it!!
235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	With tons of replay value, this tense, cooperative adventure has quickly became one of my favorite casual games. You would think that, without a DM, the pacing wouldn't flow, but the designers were clever in forcing you to keep exploring to avoid hazards and traps. You never know what could be slithering around the corner.
1436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has been great for family game night. I like the game because it involves logic and planning in your routes, and luck in getting the cards you need and filling your route before an opponent. Depending on your opponents, you may also be trying to beat them out for routes, or blocking.

1042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game. helps my son also learn the united states and the geography.
9170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	everything perfect
8703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this is supposed to be a sensory toy for my kids to play with. it is very cool as it opens and closes as you throw it in the air and you can teach your kids the concept of big and small. the colors are bright and beautiful.
5329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids and the kids I teach love this game.  It's a simple yet strategic game.  You will enjoy this game.
2780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought it for my 5 year old grandson.
2849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great little plush
The rulebook is clearer than the usual FFG affair, but there are some ambiguities in the first half that are clarified only in the detailed second half. For example, the first description of the situations arising from adjacent rooms with different levels of water in them will have your players drowning unless you go to the second, more detailed description. The wording is just wrong in the first attempt.
2433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought these because my daughter loves Mickey Mouse.  They're super cute and colorful.  They go on easily, and stay on.

9609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Brio can't be beat!  I expect nothing less then a superior product from Brio.  This Brio product is as expected.  Like all Brio products I have purchased it is top notch!  Brio make outstanding high quality products!  This is awesome!  My boy loves it and I can't help but love it as well.  Brio is much better then the Thomas train series, from my perspective.  The tracks are not compatible.  We have decided to go with Brio track and anything that connects with the track must be Brio as well.  The trains from others vendors like Thomas work with the track, but not with all products.  For example, the viaduct is too short for other vendors and the trains won't pass through.
7002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's decent sized.
I respect a certain amount of luck in my games.  I even respect a certain amount of luck in my life.  A small part of me understands my making it safe to work is a roll of infinite cosmic die, my car a working heap of human-constructed parts surrounded by hundreds of other heaps of human-constructed parts all traveling at an incredible pace, all driven by people with more vying for their attention than the person racing next to them.  In my own life, however, I have some semblance of control.  That control may be mythical, the idea of balance where none exists, but an idea is still a powerful thing, and in that idea, I feel control.  It is one thing to roll the dice and witness the result.  It is another thing entirely to believe you chose the result.  This concept is the root of my love and my hate of Brimstone.  This, like so many of Flying Frog's other games, are wholly dependent on a six-sided cube.  Eight-sided if you're playing the Marshal, a cube which statistically lands on the number two far more than odds or science or whatever dictates this sort of thing professes it should.  All the planning in the world will only carry you so far.  My choosing door A over B for a strategic purpose matters little when Hell comes shooting from it, a Hell spawned by the roll of a seven and not a six, or a poorly timed series of doubles, and my actual decision held no weight in the outcome.  Things like that make me want to crawl into an Elder God's belly and be devoured for millenia.  This is a game of random outcomes, and there's very little planning you can do which will affect your Fate.  Chances are you were dead before you set foot in the mine, you just didn't know it yet.
2665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game for any family that loves playing cards
1539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I finally caved and entered into the hellish tradition of Elf on the Shelf.  Needless to say, it was a huge hit.  The elf himself (ours is Bubbles) isn't extremely detailed, but I've come to appreciate his simplicity.  The book the elf comes with is a plus and has a page to further personalize the book and the elf.

1972	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Here's a creepy little elf and a book.  If you want the elf to cook and buy all the accessories its like buying skylanders or Disney xfinity. Every little extra thing costs at least 20.00. This is awful quality too.  I would not recommend thistle anyone.  Save your money and buy a nice advent calendar instead - I suggest a LEGO advent calendar!
The board is slightly more busy than past versions, but if you have a child who likes to study the board, you have given them a few more minutes of entertainment. My son likes to put the people pieces on the pictures and have them fall down the waterfalls and lick the lollipops. Why stifle creativity?
4764	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really cool and interactive activity for my curious 6 year old!  Even the adults got a kick out of the insides of the human body.

8155	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I had fond memories of playing this game growing up, so I was excited when my kids received it for Christmas.  After opening the game, however, I'm not so excited.  They have changed the board from the classic version; it is much more visually cluttered and Princess Lollypop and Queen Frostine look like Bratz dolls, which I'm not happy about..  Also, after playing the game as an adult, I realized that it requires no skill whatsoever and is completely a game of chance.  Not super educational.  I'll probably end up donating it to the thrift store.
 Theme


This game can be loud or quiet depending on how you play. Holding up fingers to signify the number of cards you are trading or saying the number. As it gets close to the end of the game and people are getting closer to having nine the volume goes up.
5499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I do not think I can possible write enough good things. I have homeschooled 2 twin boys both special need if I had used this things would have been different. I bought this for my twin 3 year olds to help them. My 3 year olds fight over them and can sit and do up to 11 puzzles at one time. That is how good the product is.  The visual discrimination exercises are very impressive. It is one of the first products for visual discrimination that does not require fine motor skills as well.  I can see how this would help with reading skills later on. My package came with controller and 14 workbooks each with 11 puzzles. The work books start out simple from matching the same picture to matching same picture in a different color or different angle. then the puzzles advance from there.  I started using it for my 11 year old autistic son and he does one workbook a day so he will easily be finished with it in less than a month. I have seen huge improvements in his attention to detail and concentration in just 4 workbooks. I use it between writing assignments to give his hand a break from writing. When we finish the product we will be donating it to a school for autism. I feel this is a much needed program for typical to special needs. It was the best 94 dollars I have spent. My only complaint is I had a hard time figuring out how to use it and read the answer key. I watched the tutorial on you tube. I felt pretty stupid when I saw how easy it was set it up showed 3 of my kids and they have no problems.

If any word is unacceptable, that player becomes the "ROTTEN BANANA" and is out of that hand. He or she returns all their letters face down to the bunch and the game resumes for the remaining players."
7998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I specifically got on amazon today just to write a review for this purchase!  This cash register is awesome!  My daughter received this as a Xmas gift this year & she has been playing with ever since.  I love the fact that it is solar powered, no need for batteries.  The noises it makes, the play money, the look of the register, all looks real.  This is a must have for any grocery store and I promise your kids will love it.
I haven't actually done any of the puzzles because it is a gift. But just looking at them it seems very intense and cool (and I really want to do one).
4986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We just LOVE Qwirkle.  My whole family plays, including my 5 year old, who is a calculating player!  It might look easy, but it is a challenging game, to win you need to be strategic and plan ahead.  It is our go to birthday gift and everyone who has received it has adored it!
911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A classic gateway game. It's been around so long for a reason: An accessible, fun title for small groups and large ones alike. Has some unique elements I haven't seen in other games yet, and several others I see copied but not done as well. Components are nice and the theme really shines through.
3376	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Aside from me not liking the Dark Pharaoh Herald much at all, I really have to say that I adore the exhibition mechanic. I pretty much use it in every single game.

5802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There is no way to describe what you see!  I didn't know that so many little dots could occupy a single page.  This book is phenomenal, my kids, 10, 12, and 14 work on these dot to dots for a long time, and when they start to see what is revealing through their connecting of those dots.  I think it teaches our kids great deals of patience and helps reinforce their concentration to levels that most children in our world today lack.  Very challenging for all ages, even adults.
9982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I gave this to my 1 year old for his birthday and his 4 year old brother seems to be just as entertained by it.

8170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
3785	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved playing Netrunner when it was first released in the '90s and this edition re-captured my love of the game perfectly.

5917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Dungeon Roll is a quick & easy fantasy dice game where you delve a dungeon and combat monsters to rack up as much experience as you can get out alive with.  It adds dynamic to the typical press-your-luck type custom dice game (like Zombie Dice or Martian Dice) by including 8 character roles with unique abilities and treasures which can affect gameplay.  It comes neatly packaged in a decorative and very portable chest, making it easy to play just about anywhere.
The beginner box is limiting in some ways. Not every class and race is present, likely as not to overwhelm new players with options. This is a good choice, though it may become problematic as one gains more experience. Fan websites have documents that add some of those in a manner that is compatible with beginner box play, so there are options out there.

1560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cutest story and tradition ever! My 5 yr old talks to him every night and loves waking up to find "Red Rider". He's sad that he has to leave Christmas eve but knows he'll be back after Thanksgiving .
Then we opened it up fully, and after mom crawled through he took a few minutes and warmed up to it. What a great way to wear out the little guy before getting ready for bed in the evening. Over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over he crawled through.
5278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought several of them for m kids and as birthday gifts. All kids loved it. My daughter even took it to school for a "game day" and could not keep up with those who wanted to play with her. Highly recommended.
1049	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pretty decent game, though it can drag on towards the end as players keep drawing and drawing filling their hands with cards waiting for the right one
Rialto is a medium-weight Euro game, probably not ideal for beginning gamers.  For the more experienced player it offers a wide array of choices and a good deal of fun.
9748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game! Looks confusing but it is very easy and fun for the family. My kids favorite.

49	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our little artist loves this kit.
3454	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I returned this, didn't like it at all. Not well put together, kind of cheapie. I bought 2 as gifts for my nephews and would have been embarrassed to give them as a gift.
7685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic "old" board game that never gets tiring or out of style.
Read more on this and other products [...]
7916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	She uses it for her pretend business. It's good quality, easy to use, and the kids all think its fun!
Shapers get from this expansion new identities and various cards that promote tutoring (getting key programs from your stack or heap)  and heavy program usage along with cards to increase the cost of advancing agendas.
2003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We started this tradition this past Christmas. He showed up when the tree did. My husband declared it the creepiest thing he'd ever seen but my girls, 4 and 2 LOVED looking for him every morning. It would be nice if he had some metal bendable wires to help him hold onto things. Hes top heavy too. Many mornings I had to readjust him because he had fallen over.
Another perk of this game, in addition to it's overal enjoyability is the fact that as you play you can learn some geography of North America (some Canadian cities are also included).
7086	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for the kids

4397	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Played twice. eh. not impressed. Maybe you have to be a Scrabble kind of person to play. Word games aren't my favorite except for Words with Friends. I do like the little banana case though. Easy to store.


I like this better.  Aside from three rules (no people names, no acronym, abbreviated words must also be words (vet, veg, etc)) any thing goes.
642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Some are dumb, some are gross but exactly what it says it is: a bunch of questions where you have to pick what you'd rather do. I keep it in the car for road trips.
Visual Appeal:
9741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Only way to take babies to the beach! Life saver. So quick and easy!

The game is very well made. The plastic is hard enough to not break after thorough use. The cardboard pieces are very dense and thick.
Players start with three cards in their hand. As a base rule there is no way to win the game, and players only get to draw and play down one card.
1415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We like this game.  It's easier to play online because there are so many pieces.  We don't play often.  It does get a bit boring if you play too often with friends and family.  If you play with the same people and the same board you just get to know their strategies.

I will say that if you are using it on slick or tile floors, to watch the smaller kids getting in and out of it - she's slipped up on it a few times as the mesh becomes almost hazardous against the slicker tile flooring. I can fit inside of it with her at the heigh of 5'6 if I sit / crouch.
8616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	autistic child loved

9389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We just received this today so this review can't speak to the quality of the drum over time. We are very happy with it. It seems very well made and came with 2 "drumsticks." It has a very nice rich tone to it. We bought this for our 2 year old and I can tell that this type of sound will be much easier to listen to than him beating on most cheap toy drums (of course this is not an all the time toy... we will only get it out when we want to play it and then put it away. Great for outside play also).

584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had read the reviews prior to the purchase. Considering this  is an award winning game, I was sure it would be a good buy. It is a good gift for kids who love words and a first fun game with words before graduating to the Scrabble. Personally, I think it is more fun than the Scrabble for 7 year olds. The 7-8 year olds I bought this game loved it. I got two of them from Amazon. Fabulous gift!
* Dude, it's got Nude Organists!
2182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm just gonna say, this is the funniest game....like wear a depends funny.  I bought it for a family game night where I invited many different families.  It was hilarious.  I gave only four stars because:  the mouth pieces are a little rough on the mouth; if you get a small size you can rig the game (the younger ones figure this out but quick) and the hilarity wears out kind of quickly.  But, overall, it's very fun and a game we will break out often.  I did buy extra mouth pieces.
Very cool science toy.
- While the cards are new, there is a lot of accidental peeking at the cards in a players draw pile.
9090	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just love the card game uno I had it when I was younger and now that my kids know colors and numbers I thought I would get it to play with them. They loved it we played 3 rounds. They wanted to play more but the pizza guy came. Then my nephew (who is a baby and apparently sick) got dropped off. So we couldn't play any more but I promised them we would play tomorrow.
2400	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this book and the Saint Bernard. My son actually likes this book better than the Elf on the Shelf. Highly recommend this to go with your elf. Adorable. Book is so great.
2299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was so pleased with the looks of this elf. I honestly can't wait for Christmas to entertain my children.
237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The game isn't nearly as fun as D&D, but it has lots of items that can be added to your current D&D game.
236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I haven't actually played the game, I bought it just for the minis, so this review pertains to the minis only...

1462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is one of the best games I have ever played and it quickly became a family favorite and classic. It is the only board game my mom and my mother in law will play due to the easy concept. We purchased the 1912 expansion and have replaced the tiny color train cards with the larger cards and we like it better - easier to hold onto. We never get tired of playing this game!
Better with 4 or more players.
3536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to pass out at an OWL themed birthday party.  They were a big hit.
4363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game
5453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	[Update: my children have asked to play this game so many times, I'm going to have to bump it up to 5 stars.]
3 orc archers
The first dungeon (mine) was really easy for us. We have been trying to run a campaign but leveling up toons is pretty difficult or maybe we have just had some of the most calamitous visits to town that anyone can have! Which has made the campaign really difficult but also epic and fun!

8410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughters are a little young for this game, ages 3 and 4, but they like to play too!  The only bad thing about this game is the fact that those little pieces sometimes fall out of the box when we move from the shelf to the table.  So, put them in a little ziploc bag or something!  Enjoy!!
101	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is basically UNO, but with fun "how to control emotions" suggestions on about half of the cards. It's a great way to have fun and relax with your kiddo and occasionally bring up anger-management ideas in a non-stressful way.
1527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife who has celebrated Christmas her whole life didn't want the elf at first and I'm rather new to Christmas so I went ahead on my own and my children went crazy for their elf and loved finding it every morning.
6965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this register, makes noise, dings open, has look alike credit cards, coins and dollar bills.  We had the dollar bills laminated and it would be nice if they would come this way because we all know how kids wrinkle and tear paper.  But we love this register for having a make believe grocery store.
246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a disclaimer, one of my villain cards came with a factory defect where the machine burned into it but that should be a rarity. As far as the rest, these are the BEST miniatures I've ever had. The Cave Bears are my wife's favorite, while I LOVE the Otyugh! The insane number of Orcs, Duergar, extra Kobolds and devils is frickin' AWESOME!!! Seriously, this is more well balanced with even more new game features that stand to be even better than the previous Castle Ravenloft game.
6536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Such a good game. Played this as a child and loved it. And now I play it with my daughter. Really gets you thinking.
In conclusion, one month out from getting the game and our daughter still enjoys playing it.  Great team building as you can cheer each other on.  It is a durable product, but it does have a lot of parts (mainly the letter disks and feet) that could get lost (oh yeah forgot about the cards.)  It would still be a strong recommend in my book.
We play at least one game of Banagrams almost every evening. Sometimes just my husband and I play. Other times our elementary-aged kids join us. A single game takes 15-20 minutes, perfect before bedtimes.

3863	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Compared to other "large" ships from Star Wars: X-Wing, I was a bit disappointed. Included escorting X-wing does give good scale representation. Underside of transport shows well how pods, cargo carriers were transported.
9049	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I swear by the reviews on Amazon.com, but unfortunately I did not read them before purchasing.  Our 4th son just turned 1, and celebrated his 2nd Christmas.  I just bathed him and put the dolphins in with him....believe what you read.  The rings do not stay together and the dolphins really don't sing!!  If you tap the tops of the head, nothing happens; if you lift the dolphin out of the water and slightly "smack" the water with it, it will make a noise.  Quite frankly it works better if you blow into the dolphin.  The baby got a kick out of the toy for a short time.  Maybe I'll keep it just because he can dunk the dolphins and toss them around.  Also, this toy takes up lots of room!!  I gave it 4 stars for durability since it does seem pretty sturdy.



9685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Liked the games.
5779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like having these flash cards on the nightstand.  We can review them in bed first and then I can read my daughter a relaxing book to help her fall asleep.
4360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  I have played with 2-8 players.  It was fun every time.  The game is shorter with more players, but it is still fun.  This uses similar skills to Scrabble, but the game play is different.  The best part of Bananagrams is that everyone is playing at the same time.  You never have to wait for your turn.  It makes the game much more fun.
7864	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another Christmas Gift for a Great Grandbaby. Mom is a teacher and I am sure they are just what she ordered.
No reading is required to play this game, just matching of colors will do for the fun to begin. Easy instructions for the little ones make for a perfect beginning game.  Colorful and exciting this game will give them hours of entertainment with a slice of learning, sharing, winning and losing.  All a part of life.  The only downside are the cards, which I feel should be made a little more durable.  All in all a really fun treat to share with that little one in your life and a memory that will last forever.
7138	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game as a child and it is still lots of fun today. Games are quick and fast pace and my 10 and 8-year old enjoy!
5405	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple game once you learn the rules and play for 5-10 minutes.  Each tile has one of six shapes, in one of six colors, five tiles in their hand.  Each turn players can place (or trade in) their tiles.  If you place, you must place tiles so that you form a row of either:  (1) same color tiles, with no shape repeating (meaning the maximum row size is six); (2) same shape tiles, with no color repeating.  You get 1 point for the length of the row formed.  For example, if you add two tiles to a row that was 3 tiles placed by another player, you would get 5 points.  As long as you place tiles in a straight line and obey the above rules, you can form more than 1 row, and get points for all.  For example, if you add a tile to the end of a row of 3, you get 4 points for that, and if you place a tile below the 4th tile in that row (the one you added) you get another 2 points for that new 2 you created.  In other words, the scoring works like scrabble, in that as long as you place your tiles in a row, you can form more than one scoring line -- more than 1 "word" in scrabble terms.  If you form a color row with all six shapes, or a shape row with all six colors, you get 12 points, not 6 - that is called a "quirkle."
6702	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great thanks
D&D 4th Edition: The maps that are used for the dungeon are made of folded up paper that is separated into different sections (each section sets up a different encounter).  While the paper looks nice enough, it's not something you're going to be able to reuse after the game is over, and it's really only printed to be a use-once-and-discard kind of item.  The pawns here are circular pieces of cardboard that are multisided, so that once you flip a pawn over, it represents a different character.  If you're setting up a new encounter, you will find yourself in a position where you must choose between two different enemies simply because they both take up real estate on the same avatar.  When playing the game, you are simply looking at a bunch of miniature coins set along a flimsy piece of paper.  You do get access to a bunch of playing cards (think Magic: The Gathering) with spells and abilities listed in detail on them.  While these are an appreciated touch, that they are needed at all makes the combat system seem overly complicated, and less like traditional D&D than a different game.  Overall: 5/10
7023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids, 7,4, and almost 2 love love love this! They have set up many a shop around the house and my 7 year old and I have used the money while doing her math homework. Great for imaginative play, math practice, number recognition, fine motor skills, and a touch of real life (stuff costs money!).
Garven is a level 6 pilot that also has a very nice special ability, "After spending a focus token, you may place that token on any other friendly ship at Range 1-2 (instead of discarding it)." Based on the FAQ that was recently released by FFG, it is possible for him to give a focus token to a ship that already has a focus token (which definitely adds to his value).
6627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved as a teen, played constantly, gave as a gift to pre-teen boys
88	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A gift, packaging and product is good!
Why can't every D20 screen be this well thought out?

7684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good old Candy Land is always a good game for Child's first game.
2130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Funny
2647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These cards are a nice mix of replica and modern.  Seems to be plastic coated (I wonder what the "ivory surface" was like with the originals), and indeed no numbers.  If using as single head cards (for things like fortune telling), on the decorative backs there is a little "USGS" printed at the bottom right (in the rightmost flower); this can help in telling which side is heads (especially with the tens...those are symmetrical).  Be careful, they are a bit "pokey" when shuffling as the corners are NOT rounded...a fun deck, and a nice change from what I am used to!
5231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game because it is a game everyone can enjoy. We play it with my grandchildren and play a modified version which makes it fun for everyone and anyone can win. Basically, my 5 year old twin grand kids they only have to match one side. It is still too hard for them to try to get all sides. But, adults and older children play the normal way. This makes it pretty much anyones game.
6905	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my 6yo for Christmas. She's played it twice and as we speak, she's working on card 24!
1265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game. It's amazing and entertaining.

5997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Firefly and are a board gamer, this game is pretty good. It's pretty involved though, not for amateurs.
1121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So easy and so fun!
(5) Backup Shield Generator, a 3 point upgrade that lets you spend one energy to recover one shield at the end of each round.
5836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have done several of the extreme dot to dot books.  They help my busy, active children focus while listening and learning. My children can remember more details when occupied with a simple activity to do while learning.
29	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Most of the Dover Little Books are high quality. I use them to get those few more dollars for free shipping. My grandsons enjoy looking to find one.  They will play with duplicates of ones  they received before.
5105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grand children enjoy this game.

2.) Rules: The rules are only four pages - large, colorful, illustrated pages - but only four! The game is being printed in many languages - and has the distinction of being the first major game release that I know of that has been produced in Korea, something which is rather dear to my heart. The game can be explained in about 5 minutes, and I am very pleased at how easy it is for people to pick up. Even people who have a hard time understanding simple games ("No, John, you cannot attack people in Settlers of Catan!") had an easy time picking up the game - and I was amazed at how fast strategies were picked up.
6214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	To those concerned with getting a knockoff I received an authentic syma product. My only complaint is lack of signal strength on remote causing copter to suddenly drop to the ground other than that it's a blast.
The tokens and cards are high quality although my husband missed some things from the first edition (the game board and the little statues for the different roles). These things were not a big deal for me and I actually think the artwork on the cards is improved since the first version. The rules reference seems thorough and we didn't run into any situations YET that the rules did not clarify.
9553	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Returned the item. Spend the extra money and buy the learning resources or lakeshore learning brand.  You can't see the answers on this one because your fingers are in the way since the number is under the plastic cover...even little fingers.  The other versions numbers are on the sides of the keys when they pop up.
8891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect gift for our 2.5 year old son who drums on everything! Our 4 year old daughter also enjoys playing with the drum. It is good quality and has a nice noise to it
9138	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler loves this drum.  It makes a very nice loud and clear sound.  It seems like a good quality drum... though this is the first drum we have ever owned (we are not drum experts).  It does what we bought it for... it entertains my toddler and it sounds great.


9506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We decided to buy this tent last minute before our recent beach trip. I couldn't be happier that we did!! It was SO nice to have as a little escape for little ones on the beach. I'll admit my 7 month old wasn't able to nap for more than a few minutes in there, but that wasn't a surprise based on his sleep habits at home. He did really enjoy having a nice, comfortable, sand-free place to play with his toys though. Even my 3 & 5 year olds went in for a few little breaks from the beach action. One of my main worries in ordering this tent was that it would be a pain to pack in our checked luggage for our flight - it folds up SO small. I think someone in a review mentioned "about the size of a loaf of bread" - exactly! And probably no heavier than bread either! It assembles with the simple two criss-crossed poles, much like other play tents we have at home. The mesh screens seemed to keep the sand out even on a super windy Florida day. We did put small coolers in there with the baby as an extra safety measure, so he didn't take flight in the wind. On a normal day I think a baby's weight would be fine. All in all, can't recommend enough, especially for a beach trip!

7549	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 1st grader loves loves playing school and she lovessss this cash register! I bought extra stuff to go along with it and she pretends to scan items and give me a total & scan a credit card.  It's wonderful! :)

It's a fun gift for your brainy Back to the Future friend of family member!!!
My daughter is nearly 3, but doesn't quite understand the game.  She loves to play with us but putting the pieces on her fingers (they fit perfectly!) and pushing the bubble.  Soon, she will get more into it and will be able to play with us for real.
307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lords of Waterdeep is by far one of my favorite board games. It's a worker placement type game, that is great for 2-5 players. This game is set in the Dungeons and Dragons universe, and while knowledge of the history is nice in that it would will let you recognize more of the land marks, it is not at all necessary to enjoy the game. I've played lots of worker placement games, and this remains one of my favorites as it's a solid middle ground, between rules heavy, and rules light. I highly recommend this board game.
60	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	BOOO  UNLES YOU ARE PATIENT KNOW HOW TO MEASURE I DIDN'T HAVE THE PATIENCE NEITHER DID MY DAUGHTER.  BORING UNLESS YOU ARE A CRAFT PERSON WHICH I AM NOT.
9238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Seems like a nice quality tom. I'm happy i didn't go cheaper.
9995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This tent is so much better than a lot of the other ones on the market.  It doesn't bend and fall over constantly like the cheaper ones.  So far it is durable and really good quality too.
My room size (and budget) put maximum screen size at 60" approximately twice my typical viewing distance with bigger the better.  Connectivity via HDMI cable is highly desirable as the signal is kept pure digital until delivered to the TV thus eliminating analog cable noise (and expense) concerns.  I plan to put in a home theater sound system eventually, so my primary focus was on picture quality.
2181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The game is easy to learn and explain. One person draws a card and selects a question from it to read out loud. Everyone else writes down an answer that they think the reader will think is the best answer. All of the answers are played face up, and the reader secretly selects the one they like best. The other players now try to guess which one the reader picked. Players score points for writing the winning answer, voting on the winning answer, and the reader gets points for people guessing right. It kind of reminds me of a cross between Apples to Apples (the playing and picking answers), Wits and Wagers Family (the betting aspect), and any one of a number of party games that rewards you for knowing the other players well or provides an opportunity to get to know each other better. While that may sound like a bit of a mash-up, it plays very smooth and really hit the sweet spot for us.
7878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A little advanced for my 2 yo who lost all the money inside the register, but she loves playing with it, almost daily in her pretend play.
3655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice little figurine and I do mean little. It's heavy though, made out of metal, and is a nice pose for the dragon. The paint job isn't the greatest, thus the 4 stars.
1890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 7 year old granddaughter has become obsessed with this thing.  First thing every morning she searches for it and won't quit until she finds the hiding place.  My wife of course then has to hide it again so when she gets home from school, it's search time again.  For it to be worth while, you (the adult??) has to be dedicated to hiding it as many times as possible and putting it in amusing positions.
1288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A classic tabletop game, simple to learn with tons of replay value. But the cards, ugh I didn't even open mine I just ordered the 1910 expansion and used those because my fat fingers cannot deal with those tiny cards.  I guess it can help the game fit on a table better but really blah!
And is the game any good? The short answer is that once you play this game, you'll never play TransAmerica again. It's a fantastic medium-weight game - one that plays equally well with two to five players. The components are superb, the artwork is great, the game is downright fun (and nasty sometimes), and the total package is a very strong contender for the Spiel des Jahres 2004. (which it won!) After my first playing, I ranked it an 8; but after multiple playings the rating moved up to a 9, then a 9.5 - and if I keep playing the game at this rate - may move into my top ten list. Game play is very tight, and I found that game scores can run very close - making for an exciting game, all the way down to the finish.

I had to write down the game rules (cheat sheet) so that I can easier understand and lookup the rules. It will take some time to get them know all.
7521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This classic game is still a kids favorite. We played a couple of times tonight with my daughter. Even at 10 she was laughing and really getting into it. I'm not sure how long it will hold her attention at this age but she especially got a big laugh when Daddy and I got sent back nearly to the beginning.
7756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this a lot even though our children are slowly aging out of it. Great for them to play with younger siblings and cousins.
3247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Difficult to play but very cool
1169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game. Kids age 7 and 10 love it.

3824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice little figure. Doesn't move, though the eggs/chest can be moved around. I've kept mine in the box, so I can't speak to the durability of the figure and such, but she's quite pretty for a small plastic figure and looks nice with the rest of my collection. For the price, a decent buy.
4772	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome toy!
5250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 7 year old grandson wanted this game and he loves it.  Perfect family game to grow into also.  Not a kiddy game.
- Kids need some parental assistance with the DVD and setup
1 otyugh (big tentacle guy in back)
2812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't love Pete the Cat? My 21-month-old grandson fell in love with this little puppet as soon as he saw it. The jacket is super soft and Pete immediately became one of his "loveys."
1992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The elf isn't as cute as the slightly larger stuffed version but I like that this is a complete box set with the elf and the book--we actually replaced the elf with the Pop! Version of elf on a shelf
6746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why my daughter loves this rattle so much but she does.  It's bright and colourful, the shape makes it really easy to grab and hold on to, the texture on the rattle makes it interesting to touch and chew on, the balls inside make a great noise.  All these things contribute to a really great rattle.  It can be shaken, chewed on, thrown, and grabbed.  My daugther played with is more than any other rattle she was given when was a newborn and still grabs it now for a bit of a "shake and chew" session at 1 year old.  A good quality and fun rattle for your baby.
8740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Made a great gift for my 7 year old. Bright colors. Safe enough to play with in the house. She loves tossing it in the air and watching it expand before catching it again. Good size too!

5117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A solid family friendly game.
1793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun Fun Fun ........ great fun at Christmas time.

5733	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun!  The rules always change, strategy is almost non existent, even the game you have going in your hand may not be there for long.  Yet in all the chaos you can't help but laugh and have a good time.  You could even turn it into a hilarious drinking game. ;)
4851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my 15 year old.  He loves it.  It fits well in our church bag so he does them at church, which I like because it keeps him from terrorizing his 9 year old brother and being disruptive.  The pictures are very detailed and challenging.  The biggest challenge is finding the right number since they are written so tiny.  But they need to be small since there are so many of them.  There is a good variety of animals. All in all a good purchase.
8548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year old has wanted one of these. The colors were great, seems sturdy (just got it)
The real meat and potatoes of the game are the cards you play. Some cards are attack cards, some cards are counter cards which act like interrupts, some cards are item cards which you permanently carry for a bonus, and some cards are neutral spells that alter gameplay in some fashion. There are also energy cards that can boost your movement speed (how many spaces you can go) and improve the duration or power of a spell. Energy cards can turn a simple fireball card into a powerhouse that can knock off half of your health in one hit.
The DVD is completely all encompasing with great graphics of the TNG bridge - where you literally go from station to station answering questions about Clips, Trivia Scarmbles, Word Jumbles, distorted Images and more. Even the Tie-Breakers are fun. (You get to fight a Romulan Warbird!)

4855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great way to entertain an older boy!
* I received the game for free from Think Fun in hopes of an honest and fair review.
4789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I suspect that 8-10 would be a better age fit for this product.  It is smaller than you would think
5946	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I appreciate the attempt to create a good game with a small footprint, but this just falls way short.  The abilities on the buildings are very lackluster and you never feel like you are doing more than moving markers up and down a track.  The top hat mechanic also takes it down a notch or two.  The top hats allow you to use an opponents building without paying the fee.  But it is just too easy to get a top hat and it is not unusual for everyone to have one.  That just removes part of the reason for buying the building.  All in all a very dull game that as none of the good type of tension necessary in a good game.

Acquire is a very good, fairly short, light-medium weight game.  It's good for a wide range of ages and, especially compared to it's age and what other board games were at the time, it's incredibly well-designed and strategic.
Even if you only plan to use the Action Deck I recommend taking a look at them. Though they work out a little pricey on that basis, I've shopped around for evocative card decks for use with the various Savage Worlds game settings and you could end up paying a lot more for a lot less quality.
3153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really annoyed that this product was discontinued but happy I found it here. Came fast and packaged against leaks. Love this line, smells like shampoo, not flowers and fruit. Hope it comes back some day. Doubt it.

CHARACTER SHEETS
This game has some really great components.  The board has clearly defined places for each stack of role cards much like Ascension's board does with it's cards.  The different role cards have bright colors and icons on them.  I almost wish that they would have had some different artwork along with the role icons but it makes sense with the game so I'm not complaining.  The planet cards are really cool looking.  They have that great space feel like something from Star Trek.  The starting planet cards are less like cards and more like thick tiles which makes them easy to pick out from the others.  The technology cards have some truly breathtaking artwork on them that I seriously love.  The resource tokens are all brightly colored for each of the different resources and are thick wood.  The influence tokens are thick cardboard and they look nice as well.  The player aids are thick cardboard like the start planet tiles.  I especially like that the start player is easily determined through handing out these tiles.  It's a very ingenious idea.  Of course the coolest part are the plastic fighter tokens.  They come in 3 sizes and each one is fantastically detailed.  I love just looking at them.  As I said, each piece is great and of very high quality.  This is one amazing looking game.

6508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for my children 4- 10 years.  More geared to my younger kids.  Calculator is a nice addition.  Glad it came with the money.
7130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like playing "Spoons" with playing cards? Or any other fast paced playing card games? This is the game  you want. Everytime I play this game with someone who's never played it, but loves fast paced card games, I immediately know how they'll feel about this game. And it's always been right. Just getting for it to be loud.
It's a turn based game, everyone has their base illuminati card, and each card is working towards a different goal. Whoever reaches their goal first wins.

But before I continue let me tell you that Infiltration is based upon the Android board game universe (which I have no knowledge of) in a steam-punk feel.
1631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So excited!  Elf name Todd( my son says) is here and now we cant wait to find him every day!


9187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a 4th birthday present to twin girls who just love it. They like to make different configurations and then change them over and over again. One likes it to go fast, the other likes it to go slowly. But, they both love it! Me too. If it's left out, I can't help but play with it too. It's addictive.
4144	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Please be aware that this game is not meant for casual GOT fans: this card game is much closer to competitive cards games like Magic the Gathering than more casual games like Cards Against Humanity. Fantasy Flight makes another game aimed more towards fans of the show that is MUCH simpler than this game. (EDIT: found here:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Game-of-Thrones-Card-Game-HBO-Edition/dp/1616615885/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Game of Thrones Card Game (HBO Edition)</a>
8153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game. Bought it for my nephews. They are excited to play.
4695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	so much fun to play with. all of the organs come out and help you learn how the body works
7651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	All original .. Great price .. For easter :)
4979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students love this game!
Although it's gotten banged about in some cases, I've had no terminal damage and the quality is superb. I've only had to make minor adjustments to the tail-rotor once.
Pros:  Cons:

599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	While I have always enjoyed board games, word games specifically have remained challenging for me.  I refuse to play Scrabble with my husband, as his skills are superior to mine and it is intimidating to play with him.  Hooray, Quiddler has given me an edge into what I term as word games.  I only have to be concerned about the cards in my hand, while playing attention to the discard/ draw deck-easy verses the interconnectivity of letters on a board which only multiply.

One major draw to this game, for me, is the size. Harbour in total is 6x4 inches. This enables me to pack it along with Sushi Go and Tiny Epic Galaxies so I have games to play while I am on the road.
3411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great kit.  Have used it a lot.  Easy to use & follow pictures.  Kids love it
788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game! I've given it to both my sons. It's not as intricate as the Catan games or monopoly and can be played in a reasonable time frame. It combines luck and strategy.
1 torpedo upgrade: Flechette Torpedoes (3)

The game is meant for 8+ but my son knew how to play at 5 with no real adjustments. You could leave out the special abilities or do what we do and explain each characters ability when he gets the card. Now I can explain the fun part!
4676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	4 year old loved it!
4317	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Granted, I know there are variant rules that may improve this game some but I've only played with the most basic rules and with those this is a pretty bad game.  It is essentially just Scrabble without a board and no scoring, instead it is a race to place the last tile.  Each player starts with a handful of tiles and begins making words with those tiles much like you would on a Scrabble board except you can rearrange your tiles at will.  When a player places the last of their available tiles they announce "Peel!" and everyone grabs a new tile.  This goes on until the final tile is placed and whoever placed it is the winner.



6919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2I4MVLPVHSXHI" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1bw9XjVBCS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/818JIUoyF4S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;If you're looking for a challenging yet low-tech family game, look no further.
1566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product came quickly and packaged beautifully!  Our 3 year old twins were old enough to try out this Christmas tradition. Our little guys named him Ce-Ce and love searching for him every morning. Very well made and sturdy!  I highly suggest this if you would like to add some more Christmas magic to your home!
A lot of Creepers

What makes this game unique are the variations in character abilities, card abilities and other little factors (such as the Fellowship characters able to use the Anduin River or the Mines of Moria to bypass certain regions).  The Fellowship characters tend to have a bit better luck if they don't press the attack on the forces of Sauron, many abilities are used when defending against attackers and others have skills which defeat certain characters which makes it a bit foolhardy to randomly attack Sauron characters until you know who they are.


Some suggestions for improvement:  It would be great to have little trays to hold the tiles at a better angle for viewing - maybe like  the tile holders Scrabble has (though bigger).  Also re: storage - a drawstring bag would be appreciated!  Much better than trying to put it back in the box after each game, which is a pain.  Also, my game had no instructions - luckily they are readily available online.
9270	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	There are lots of positivie reviews about this toy, which you can refer to hear all the good things this toy has to offer. Here are the I don't like about it:
3124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This set is smaller than mine. Bought as a gift for my son's girl friends Birthday. Not given to her as yet. Checked the set out and it is very nice, I hope she will like them.
4422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this. play with son all the time. For hands on kids this is really good choice.
When the book says to cut the yarn short, be sure to cut it quite short or your pup might look a little messy and shaggy.

6232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	You would have to hit something really hard to break this quadcopter.  It's a lot of fun and great for beginners and the price is right including the two batteries that come with it.  That's a good idea because it only has about 6-8 minute flying time on a charge.
4594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for people who enjoy word games and word manipulation (even though you can pretty much do the same thing with plain old Scrabble tiles). But for the price, you do get a cute  banana shaped carrying bag.  Bananagrams rules are simple enough for children, but adults can definitely challenge themselves with different variations of the game.

However, the cards included in the expansion take the spotlight after the miniature. This expansion includes:
6103	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	What a total piece of junk. The ones who gave this POS 3 and 4 stars must be employees of the company. The software is better used for a coffe coaster. There are no drivers for this and everything is backwards. You can down load freeware simulators but this control WILL NOT work with it due to there is no adjustment. It really cracked me up when I read others who said this mickey mouse piece of junk works great. If I could select no stars I would.
2264	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a cute elf. I would recommend this product and would buy from this person again! Great product!
4172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A nice addition to my collection at a great price.
3602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	so happy we found it! My son loves dead pool and even though he is too young for the movie dead pool has appeared in some of his regular spiderman cartoons. He loves dead pool and I have been searching for a while for a toy. This one is really large and well made. Comes with some accessories I took away just because they were a little violent but over all so happy with it!

It's a great game. I would classify it as a "must have". Might want the smaller "travel" version instead, however. Just a consideration.
955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cool two player game! Easy to replay and easy to understand but still challenging. I play this with the kids and they love this board game.
2424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My Grand-Daughter loves this, even at ten years old!



540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A friend told me that she played this when she was young, and couldn't find it anywhere. I asked if she had heard of Amazon.com.
1490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is really easy to learn and lots of fun. It works best with three or more players. It moves along pretty quickly and requires a good combination of strategy and luck. We really enjoy it!
3958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These dice are made specifically for FFG's new Star Wars Edge of the Empire Game. They are well made and nicely packaged as well as easy to read. Someone playing or running the game might need more dice than you will get in this set, so I would say buy two sets.
8106	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this game for a Candyland themed birthday party I am throwing simply because the picture showed it would be the 1997 version. But that is not what I received!!! I looked all over for the 1997 version because that's the version I grew up with and that is the game board I was basing my entire party off of. I received the newest released version and I HATE it.
3061	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Versatile tool.  Bendable handle version also available.
6084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We were looking for a lighter game to play with the kids over the heavier euro strategy games we prefer. Formula D is a reprint of the original Formula D. This version includes a street racing variant. Although I can't comment on that variant as I've not played it.
701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We're doing the "spend-save-share" allowance thing with our nine year old daughter, so I was looking for a bank that would make that simpler. I was a little hesitant to purchase this because it seemed on the smallish size and a little pricey, but it's been a GREAT bank. The bank itself is translucent and slides out of the sleeve it arrives in, so you can see the money that is inside and how it builds up. It holds both change and paper money.
8206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids love this game.  They beg me to play it any chance they get.  While the adults aren't so fond of it, my daughter is old enough that she can generally play with her brother without too much incident (unless she cheats again...  The game play is simple enough that we were able to introduce it to my son when he was too, but he needed a lot of assistance.  I think the idea of being included was more appealing to him than the game itself.  For an average sized family, this is a wonderful game that I remember playing when I was little.  This classic game still entertains children today.  The only down side?  The game pieces are fairly easy to break and the cards have no way of being contained, so you'll need to provide your own elastic to bind the cards.  Thankfully, when our first game's pieces broke we simply replaced them with different coins we had around the house and the kids loved that.  Eventually we did end up replacing the game.
456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift

2262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We love this. We decided to try this instead of Elf on Shelf. I didn't read the part about not being allowed to touch him. Cute story and my 4 year old loved it, especially Christopher. However, the problem we have now is does not want him to go back to the North Pole. She cried for 20 min in bed xmas eve night because she didn't want him to leave. I did not want her to be sad (when she should be super happy/excited) so we said he could stay longer and I tried to explain he is just for fun. This is why I gave it 4 stars because your child might be extremely upset when it's time for the elf to leave :(
7982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game has not changed much in 25 years which is good.  It is a simple game that younger children can understand and enjoy playing.
9313	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	too cheaply made. 2 of them came unraveled the first time we played with them and there were little white pellets everywhere.
6581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for one on one time with my kids.  It uses brains to figure out how to solve the problem.  Only problem is the design flaw of having too many spare peices without room to store it.  (We use a baggies to keep them from getting lost.)
5028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game!  I bought it for one of my sons and his family as they are great gamers and I wanted something very different for them.  They loved it so much they brought it to our house the first visit they made after they received it so my husband and I could play it with them!  I then purchased a second game to use with my daycare children.  It has provided many hours of play fun.
6456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 yr old has been asking for this all year. We finally got it for him and he loves it!!!!
7126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality worth the money
With that minor tweak to the story it has become a wonderful Christmas tradition that i hope to continue. It is fun for me and my husband to brainstorm ideas of where the elf could hide each night. If you need ideas, check out Pinterest. There are loads of endearing and funny examples of places to place the elf. One that I haven't tried but that did make me laugh is where the elf is hanging from the toilet bowel and inside the toilet bowl is a floating candy cane colored small round candy (meant to be a festive elf poop). If you have a sense of humor about it, you can really be creative about where to place the elf.

4973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is an entertaining game.
2461	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it! It's portable, light-weight, and the tiles lock in-place so it's not a disaster when someone bumps the board or table.
8042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grand kids love this game.

2513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is the perfect size for traveling. Unfortunately the tiles don't lock as securely as I hoped so if the table is bumped, they will still move. That said, it's great to be able to take Scrabble along when traveling and having a set that's easy to clean if there are spills. This will provide hours of family fun when traveling. I recommend this!

4316	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE to play this game with my parents and my children. It's so much fun. My mother has this game at her house so we got this for mine. Fast shipping and no issues. Can't wait to play again!
In addition to the Slave I, this expansion includes a stand and a base for the miniature, two ship tokens for the base, one maneuver dial and a rulesheet.  Of course there are plenty of other tokens as those included for the X-Wing Miniature Game.

4671	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this toy! I'm a nursing student but I got this toy for my kids to help them understand the human body and the types of things that I am learning in school. It helps me explain things to them. They love taking it apart and putting it back together. They have learned the names of the body parts as listed on the pamphlet so thy don't have to look at it anymore. It's super cool. I think it's slightly expensive for what it is but still awesome


2684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game so much we bought it as a birthday present! You never have to move more than 4 spaces at a time, so younger children that can count to 4 can play without much frustration. The goal is to have the most buttons by the end of the game, but there are spaces that you land on where you can switch button jars with any player you want, and spaces where you have to put some of your buttons onto the board (and if someone lands on the special space, they get all the buttons off the board). Another nice feature is the spinner is built in to the board, so you can't lose it. Very easy, but fun game. One of the games for younger children that don't make me cringe when the kids ask to play!
2284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christopher has gotten into some trouble stealing cookies and riding the kids horse toys like a cowboy, but otherwise he's the perfect little "Helper"!
7672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old loves to play this.  It is helping her with her counting the high numbers and mastering direction as well.  Love that this game only has minimal pieces to keep in the box.
- Tempering eggs before adding to hot liquid
8114	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It doesn't work. There should be a 3rd hand on the pipes.  The Amazon photo ( took a screen shot) shows an extra hand.  This is critical to keep the helping hand moving sideways. If you can get the helping hand to hit the platform thingy it will work.  I have added a photo of what was in the box and a photo of what is on Amazon's website.

5781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love dot-to-dots and this just adds to it. These are great for plane rides or just hanging out at home. Even after you've done all of them you can color them too to make them come alive. I plan on buying different ones too. Thanks.
Component Quality: 7
9024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 1.5yr old son and I love this drum! Great sound! Comes with good sticks. This is way better than any little kid's toy drum or music set. I'm super happy with my purchase. Well worth the $33 and will last a long time!
4066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great buy. Fast delivery.
9091	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Although they arrived before their time,  That seems to be the only thing I liked. All of the game instructions are in Chinese, that won't help me out as I only read English..... What a scam....... what a joke, the garbage can is a good place to store them . The cards don't even look like what is on the box. I guess I should have read the reviews but I figured WHAT COULD GO WRONG WITH A UNO DECK !!
Producer-Days of Wonder
8259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	On time and as described thank you
NOW THIS ONE is amazing in comparison. This one will hover in one spot and is easy to control. The up/down control doesn't spring back, so you don't have to fight it the whole time you fly it.


I'm sure we'll pick up the 1910 expansion for the normal size cards and additional routes. My ONLY complaint about this game is the tiny cards. This game is a favorite and will be enjoyed for many years.

5280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The day after Christmas friends came to play at our house- The kids wanted to show their friends how to play Quirkle.--Not the new video games. Now that is a recommendation!!!

Overall, the game flows nicely, gives a nice nod to fans of the series and is in a relatively small and quality box to remain on the active and ready to play shelf of my collection. it's also small enough to carry around too. I would say the play is closer to 2 hours then 1 when you have any new players at all (they won't know the symbols and have to look them up a lot. They're all over the cards). I am not yet compelled to run out and buy more of the game, but you never know, it has the potential to be a favorite.


6228	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a $40 quadrocopter and it's great. Really durable and it comes with 2 batteries. Easy charging. Great machine to learn to fly on.
6271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	can't wait to try these out easter night!
1077	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our family loves this game! I saw it at Target but was able to buy it on amazon for $20 less. Very glad I did. This is easy enough for all ages but allows for strategy and keeps you interested. This game is one of our new family favorites.
9734	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my son to help him learn his math. The answers under the buttons are very light and most are impossible to see. Complete waste!!!
8976	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It takes up a lot of space, without being much fun.

There's a couple things I like about this game that stands out for me.

3223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Lord of the Rings board game is, amongst my group of friends, something of a classic. It's a difficult, engaging, and fun board game for a group, though it is not without its flaws. It carries the art style of the classis Tolkien books and is not related to the movies (though of course the plot is the same).
9747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Should have ordered the jumbo board
9241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The preschool aged kids love playing their drum.  The mallets are soft keeping the volume down a bit.
A pair of black drawstring bags for gold. Each bag can hold about 2 games' worth of gold pieces and will take up about half a column.
The presentation is pretty abysmal in comparison to other games.  The Second Edition board had pictures of characters on each space.  It was rather attactive.  Magical Moments on the other hand simply has blank spaces and a few random (and they are quite random) characters thrown on the board.  Also gone are the double move spaces, which is sort of inexplicable.  The Buzz cards are now retangular instead of circular and don't fit as nicely on the board.  Obviously, they went out of their way to make some changes, I just can't figure out why.  Also, one of the playable characters is the hero from the upcoming Disney movie "Tangled."  Seriously?  No Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck or any of those classic characters but we get Rapunzel?
5207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	While this game is great, I had a few issues with the craftsmanship of it.  Some of the tiles looked a little dingy, some prints were a bit off center.  Otherwise it is fantastic.  I suppose you can't expect every box to be perfect.  It's a great game to play at parties since it's basically a quicker version of Scrabble.  Only thing I wish is that the reverse side had some kind of special marking to keep your place while you count score.  Anyway, it's a great game for kids too since they don't need a high vocabulary to play it like you would Scrabble.  You can play casually or get really intense into battles of logic and strategy.
6621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We bought this for my 5-year-old son. He played it at summer camp and asked us to get it for him. It was one of my childhood favorites and we've enjoyed playing with him. The pop-o-matic die roller is fun and keeps the die contained so we don't waste time chasing it around the floor. Also, the conical pieces fit into the spaces, so they stay in placeeven when we play on the couch. It's a great family game if you have small kids. Obviously, it's a choking hazard for children under 3, but for kindergardeners, it's perfect.

What you get:
4711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kiddos love this.  Just like the one I had when I was a kid.  Parts are squishy and prone to color dust but we still love it
2890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids seem to love the sing-song prose of the Llama Llama books, and of course they all carry a little moral type message for kids without being too obvious.
The tiles are kept in place with little knobs at the corners on each square  on the board. It is actually quite an effective way to keep the tiles in place if the board gets bumped.
3415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	best face paint everrrrr!
6402	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for my 7 and 8 year olds when helping them with counting money. Has been a helpful tool.
4747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this body for my 5 yr old preschooler. Its a great intro to anatomy and gives great opportunity for us to talk about how the body works. It is sometimes hard for her to snap the bones into the "skin" and sometimes hard to snap the front and back together, but this was made for older children. It comes with a book that explains what happens to your food once it enters your body - though we haven't used the book much. The organs are squishy, will break if played with too roughly (my 2 yr old ran away with the intestines and broke them before I could retrieve them). Luckily we just smooshed them back in place!  What surprised me was when my little one started asking to play with it - I initially thought it would only be a "mommy-initiated" activity. Turned out to be a pretty cool Christmas gift after all. Word of caution if your child is younger - I do not let my child play with this unsupervised because of the small pieces.
1396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There aren't enough adjectives to describe how much fun this game is to play. The instructions & rules are straightforward and the quality of the game pieces is very high.
9255	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality drum.  The Mallets are absolutely cute. It sound like a professional drum.
1815	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love our elf!!
1218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to ride is a fantastic game and i cannot sing it's praise enough. Ticket to Ride is a Gateway board game that will unlock a world of many other games in your future, but even after that happens you will still come back to this undeniable classic. Great for children and adults ticket to ride plays up to 5 players as they collect tickets and try to connect the cities listed on the tickets by amassing colored train cards that match corresponding spaces on the board. Buy it today and show your family that friends don't let friends play monopoly.
Buy this game!
1348	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was recommended to me by my adult son.  It is a lot of fun for everyone when we get together on the holidays.  They also make an additional version that involves European train travel that is on my "to buy" list for next summer.  It is an enjoyable way to enjoy an evening or a rainy afternoon.  It would be a bit complicated for younger children, but they could partner with a big person and older kids would enjoy it.
With most games, we get one of 3 scenarios in my household.  1) my boys like it.  They're a little older and we play a lot of strategy games.  My daughter (who is the youngest) doesn't win these often and either tires of them quickly or doesn't like them at all.  2) My daughter likes it.  These tend to be games steered more towards chance where strategy is not so important.  The boys generally only tolerate these because I make them play (gotta keep it fair, you know)  Or 3) a few games are somewhere in the middle that none of us loves but none of us hates either.  The compromise game.
Update 1/6/2011. I just ordered my second set of these gorgeous wine glasses. These are my favorite ones! Amazon packs the set much better now than when I ordered my 1st set almost 1.5 years ago.
There is a place to store the cards. They won't get lost while you are working on a different puzzle.
4828	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter received this for her 5th birthday & couldn't wait to crack it open.  The 'squishy' organs had significantly more detail than I expected, and the forceps & tweezers to remove them with made her feel "like a real doctor" as she said.  There are also a bunch of removable bones & muscles.  Combine this with a mat to place everything on to keep it organized & labeled, a nice book explaining what you are removing and how it helps the body, and detailed instructions on how to easily replace everything made this a winner for me to.  My daughter is already asking when we can do it again.  Highly recommend.
2560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice
(FYI, we do the same twist for Candy Land - kids get to turn over 2 cards and choose the better alternative, while adults only get to turn 1 card over and take our fate, whatever it is.)
9738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	At first she didn't want to go into it, I'm thinking maybe because I bought the blue, which probably looked dark inside to her and there was a bit of trepidation which would not be unusual for a child of one! Of course it was cold in January around her birthday so it was first used in the house, which of course effected the light situation even more so.  I was going to purchase the light green one at first, then realized that in the summertime, my daughter would probably put it in the yard for her to play in and I didn't want it to show dirt so easily.  I looked at other brands and styles and saw that the worst complaint was that the wires that give strength to the tunnel were a bit uncomfy on the knees, so I looked for a style that had extra padding over the channel the wire was fed through.  It's held up well so far and even if it only lasts 2 - 3 years, it will have provided the fun that was intended!
226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of awesome miniatures and dungeon tiles included.  Very high quality.  I would like to get the other games in the series
9530	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Only giving a 4 because I was expecting the butterflys to come with but u have to by those seperatly so now we have to wait tell next summer and order the catipillars
1899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Seems that the Elf on the Shelf only increases in value.  My older grandchildren have had one for years.  Now the next set of grandchildren need one.  Thought I could buy one used for less but couldn't find one for less than a brand-new one in the box.  This is going to be a generational tradition.  When I was a kid (back in the late 40s to the 50s, our mom told us about the elf watching our behavior and reporting back to Santa.  She would see him and point, but before we could turn our heads, he disappeared!  This may be one of the best parental tools EVER.  I'm going to surreptitious place "Elfie" in my daughter's living room tomorrow at her 3 year old's b'day party.  I hope Maddie and her brother BELIEVE just like Grayson and Ava have for over 8 years!
2529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a huge Scrabble fan and this game is something I would have loved to have ages ago. The locking tiles make it easy to play anywhere! We even used this one on a picnic making it easy to play on the ground (which is often uneven) without worrying about the tiles sliding around or falling off. This would have come in handy when I used to play Scrabble in the hospital, we would frequently have to move the game board for the nurses to do assessments and tiles would come off and sometimes ruin our games. This is a great feature to have and I just wish that the board collapsed and contained the trays and letters.
As players proceed around the meandering board in any direction, the DVD keeps track of Bumble's whereabouts. Once he's in a specific one of the four regions, he's going to eventually steal a toy from it. The DVD keeps track of Bumble's toy robberies, but even if Bumble wins the game, the DVD shows a clip from the movie that says he is reformed, so there's no unhappy ending.
-TOO MUCH CONTENT
Enjoy.
Good for kids too, with the stationary pieces :)
(Though DFRPG characters don't really *have* stats in the traditional RPG sense they *do* have a character sheet and it can be a lot of work to figure out what should be on it for a given character when you've not much game-prep time in hand and only a passing knowledge of the character in question.)
8782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this toy for my daughters second birthday. Shes three now and it remains one of her favorites. Its so sturdy i have to tell my 9 year old to leave it alone LOL.
2958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These little monkeys are beautifully made with incredible detail.  The children in my preschool class love them.  They are well worth the money.  I highly recommend them.


First off let me tell you about the quality of the game itself. The components are outstanding. The board and artwork are top notch and to me really provide a rich, warm gaming experience which I love. I think it's important to feel like you are a "part" of the game in the sense of actually being their and the new version does this a bit better than the original version released 10 years ago. The map is large and easy to grasp and gorgeous in imagery and laid out so no matter where you sit, everything is easy to reach and understand.
4846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	great gift for grandson
Yes, after looking up vintage versions of the game from years past on e.b.a.y., I see where other reviewers are coming from when they say the new board is cluttered, longer, less charming, skinnier... all of that is true...  and it's true that the game doesn't teach you strategy and at face value for adults could be pretty dull...but for the sake of yourselves, and your child, let all that go.
2250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Christopher pop in kins! He's so cute! His arms and legs bend which makes it really easy to pose him & get him into places. My little boy loves looking for him every morning!
The game goes pretty quickly. It took us about an hour to complete, and we all thoroughly enjoyed the game. The board is quite attractive to the eye and included pieces are well made. There are several other versions of the Ticket to Ride series, and I recommend that you start with this one because of its simplicity.
9878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful toy!

This is a great updated Disney Addition to the Scene it famiy.
3960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Others have covered how excellent the narrative dice system is in this game, so I will focus on the physical dice themselves.  A good selection of dice come in a pack, color coded by type.  On most of them, the symbols are very clear, but on a few the dice were not completely inked.  The colors don't pop as much as they do in pictures, and some of the dice have small divots where the plastic was poured into the mold.
6056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game or for a group of friends!
-New boards w/ more worker placement areas.
6174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The reviews mentioned this was good for most younger kids. I would agree with that. My 7 yo picked up how to work it really quick but 1 simple crash and the blade popped off. Hoping we can fix it easily. Very small screws in the blades, so make sure you have a tiny screwdriver on hand. It provided 1/2 hour of entertainment. I wouldn't buy this again until he's much older. Kind of a waste of money for a kid under 10, imo
9962	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The Description Says It is for kids up to two years old, but my child easily tips this over at sixteen months by pushing on the walls, not safe at all. If the tent had not been sitting partially under my kitchen table, my kid would have slapped his face right into the tile floor.  Reading one of the other posts about this product containing lead, it's going back for sure.
7003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have three little girls and they LOVE to play with their food and grocery carts; pretend play cook and shop.  We already had one register of a different brand that was a lot more complicated; honestly I prefer this simpler one.  It just has a calculator, no math games, no weird songs or noises; but it makes an awesome "cha-ching" sound when the money drawer is opened!

7725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always a winner with kids.

884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game
3262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Talisman 4th edition update adds a few features and some minor tweaks to a first rate game in preparation for a series of updates based on the newly released version of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Talisman/dp/1589944623/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Talisman</a>&nbsp;this will make your older (2007 version) compatible with all new releases from this point on.
The Monster Phase: The active player uses his companions (Champions, Fighters, Mages, Thieves and Clerics) to battle the Monster Dice (Skeleton, Goblins and Oozes.) Any Dragon dice rolled are set off to the side to be faced later if three or more Dragons are rolled. Once a companion is used to battle a monster is put in the graveyard and cannot be used again unless brought back with a potion later in the turn sequence. Dungeon Dice are returned to the Dungeon Pool to be reused again. The current player can press their luck and go deeper into the dungeon increasing the level on the Level Die and gaining more experience points. Level 1, one Dungeon Die is rolled, Level 2, two Dungeon Dice are rolled etc. If a player fails to defeat the current level, they must flee the Dungeon and their delve is over with out gaining any experience.
Players take turns moving, attacking, and drawing new cards. Their goal is to steal treasure tokens from their opponents and bring them back to their home square to score points. Players receive one point for each treasure successfully stolen, though an opponent can steal that same treasure right back, robbing them of the victory point. A player who kills another is awarded a permanent victory point. Players are given a hitpoints counter to keep track of how close to death they are. Whoever gets two victory points or is the last wizard standing wins.
Overall, Ticket to Ride" is a very fun game and great for a family or friends boardgame night.
To sit and watch her recognized the colors and match them up was wonderful to me also!
2448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
5065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has some really important game qualities:
6824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Mastermind is a fabulous game of logic, and I adore it. I took off one star for this game set, because the peg compartment has two spaces, one for the guess pegs, and one for the answer pegs, with a short divider. If you put the pegs in the compartment in their areas, the lid won't close. We found if we just scooped some guess pegs over the divider into the answer pegs compartment, the lid would close, but it defeats the purpose of a separator slightly. Otherwise, I really like the nice, rounded shape of the game board.
There are two things I don't love: 1) there are a billion tiny pieces.  I would think that by now there would be some sort of version where you could push a button and it would change colors, instead of having to put tiny pegs into tiny holes.  2) The little piece that covers the secret code is hard to maneuver around, and easy to pull off - if we lose that, we're going to be in trouble, and we probably WILL lose it, because my daughter takes it off to create her code, then puts it back on to hide it, so it's constantly on and off.
When one player has laid all his or her train pieces, the other players get one last turn. Players then reveal their destination cards and add (or subtract, for incomplete lines) to their total. The longest continuous length of claimed track scores additional points, too. Highest point total wins.
9036	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
This Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer Dvd Game is actually a board game with dvd interaction. You can play with 4 players-Rudolph, Hermey, Clarice and Santa Claus or with more people- in pairs. You are actually playing against the other opponents to collect 3 of the Misfit Toys First to win the game, but also to get 3 toys first before the Abominable Snowman Bumble finds 6 of them. You roll a die and walk around the board where the dvd tells you exactly where to scatter toys. When you land on a toy, you get to play a mini game. If you are successful in winning the  mini game, you get a toy. It looks and sounds easy until you start playing the game! Several of the adults in our household played the game to try it out and some of these mini games are quite challenging!
2452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Christmas gift!
5736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ITs like your in space, and playing with space themes. My friends and I really enjoyed play with this fluxx. I also own few other fluxx games... all of them are fun espically when you create your own rules and mix them with other fluxxs. very cool, and longer as well but fun.
3499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought a beginner box from a store a few months back for a few friends of mine who wanted to try out the world of pen and paper games! We absolutely loved it! It's becoming an obsession!
You can win the game by either changing the timeline to match the alternate history you come from or by retrieving a specific target set of artifacts. Everyone loses if too many paradoxes are created in the timeline.
5126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought our Qwirkle game about four or five years ago, and we have had great fun playing it ever since. What I like about it is that it requires just enough strategy to make it interesting but isn't so difficult to figure out that a first-time player can't be competitive. We've played it both with family members and with friends, and because the basic rules are simple and it's easy to explain, it's fun for everyone. While it may be beyond the grasp of the youngest of children, just about anyone from age 10 and up can really enjoy it. A single "hand" doesn't take more than half an hour or so to play, which means you can play several hands in an evening.
94	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is really a fun craft and fairly easy to do.  The kit includes everything you need to make cute puppies!
4887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wanted something for my kids - ages 11, 9 and 7 - to do on a long trip in the car.  I was a bit worried this would be to hard but my older two really enjoyed doing them.  I also like them as does my Mother.  They are very detailed, but lots of fun to see what comes out in the picture.
8426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played the old Mousetrap with the little mice to move around the game.  The only thing that I can see is different now is that they don't have little mice with tails.  Instead, they have mice characters that stand up and look more like people walking.  Our kids love it! (9 yr old, two-4yr old girls).  The 4 year olds are able to put on all the pieces.  I always supervise them, however, because I want the game to last and it is very breakable.

8874	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Juggling was never a very easy activity to learn.  In fact only a few times have I managed to throw the balls in the air and catch them 5 or 6 times, and I'm pretty darn confident that a considerable amount of luck was involved in these cases!  However, in my experience children actually DO like to learn to juggle.  It's one of those activities that's fun for a little while but requires so much patience and determination to actually master that most people give up (such as myself).  Still, juggling is fun for a little while and besides, these balls can be used to throw across the room/yard and even play a game of catch with your dog so it's not all bad!  At least they're very cheap to buy.

You will love this book!
6690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandchildren love games and were very excited to receive this classic game.  It is a bit frustrating getting into "trouble" but it teaches them patience as well as good sportsmanship.  Board games are wonderful family activities.
1073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Family fun game! I think it's an expensive price for a game but it's obviously fun enough that I spent the money on it.

5222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game!
Overall, I found this to be a highly detailed and enjoyable game with great replay value. The only strike against it were the Gadgets, which I didn't really discuss. These Gadgets are mostly Time Machines and can be overly powerful in my opinion. So you can choose to leave them out if you want to, or maybe the people you play with won't abuse their power too much. So if you like card games and time-travel Chrononauts and/or Early American Chrononauts. I recommend both for the Uber experience, but if you can only get one, then pick the era you like best. The wife enjoyed this game as well, but she said she would have liked it better if it was European history, which is fair, because American history can be a bit boring at time. Looney Labs did a nice job of spicing it up, and I think this game could be used as a fun teaching aid for the homeschool crowd as well! Highly recommended!
Anyway, these will serve their purpose but I think it's a little over-priced considering what they are.

113	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good game for helping kids learn to control emotions.
and white with wheels so cute thanks for great
5042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! Play it with the hubby and my girl friends too. Simple to understand yet challenging too
Rules Clarity - 9/10
9653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This goes with the Thomas train set
4870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping. No tears fun for all ages
Annoyed at whoever does pricing - Amazon or Seller? I've bought many items at a great price and sometimes when I go back later there is an increase but today was so quick?!? Within hours the price went up +30%
Its rules are pretty simple. You need at least three people to play and six at the max. Each player takes a dry erase board and one person becomes judge every round. The judge asks a question from a card and then each player gives their best guess about the answer in the JUDGES OPINION. The judge chooses the best answer using the Selectomatic 5000, which is a gadget the judge puts the answer by turning the arrow  to the correct color. Once that is done each player puts their chips on the card that they think will be the right one. The judge can get points by the amount of chips that are in each card and the players can get points if the judge chooses the board that has their chips in it. A player can also get an extra point if the judge chooses his answer.
9417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game looks pretty flopsy. Everything is low quality paper BUT the concept behind it is fun and we all really enjoy it. It is a unique game and it's a fun low stress game where we can help each other. I would not recommend as a gift as it looks pretty low quality, but otherwise would recommend. My 4 year old and 7 year old enjoy it.
773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of best games we've played. Right up there with Settlers of Catan.
8676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very well made and a fun toy to play with! Even the adults can't resist.
5007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great brain exercise.
6491	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product,exactly what I wanted!!
2464	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's scrabble it has all the pieces which is all I asked for. This delivered

The cost is high, but you won't need to buy them again- making these Remo drums a great value if you're looking to invest in long-term toys that will see your kiddo through their childhood.
4655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My five-year-old nephew and I had a blast with this item.  The guts are fun and squishy.  I definitely recommend playing with this toy at, say, a kitchen table, because the guts could easily get hairy and gross if they hit the carpet.
8252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids and family


Up to six players take on the roles of the book's great houses, each with their own geographic starting lands on the board.  Each player commands units which can then attack other players in an attempt to be the first to capture the most castles.  The problem is that with supply caps no one house can become powerful enough to conquer the needed objectives on his own, and so must rely on the help of others to succeed.  This is dangerous, however, as someone who appears to be winning can easily face the treason of his friends.
7398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun toy that helps with math skills
If you like crossword puzzles or Scrabble, and if you have some friends or family who share your interests, you'll love Bananagrams.
1268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got a game to review, and my kids have played it again and again!  I love that they really have to think.  Logic seems to be undervalued these days, so any opportunity to boost logical thinking skills is good, in my opinion!


8985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my daughter, new in the package at our local Goodwill, for $7.99, no tax. Its just a simple, colorful water toy. I filled a pasta pot 1/3 way with H20 and she has so much fun with it. She doesn't "get" the musical part, which is that the dolphins are hollow and have a whistle inside...when their head is tapped (they have to be floating in the life preserver ring) they make a short, pleasant little whistle. Eventually she'll figure that part out...she's 2 1/2 now -I'm actually kind of glad that they don't make too much noise, those musical toys drive my husband and I up the wall sometimes. I'm in no rush. This takes no batteries, is colorful and fun. If they fill up with water, they get emptied in seconds, it's not like they have to be completely shaken out. She likes to dunk them all the way down and then empty them out. So who cares if they aren't used the way they're "supposed" to be, she likes them for what they are. And for most kids, the box is more exciting than the toy inside, so I'm happy this has proved that wrong. I gave it high educational value marks because she likes the colors and matching. The rings on mine don't latch together, which is mis-represented, but again, I don't care about that either. For the price I paid, I already got my money's worth.
7358	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is enjoyable for all ages. It is pretty silly. It is not a mental challenge, but that is why it can span all age groups. We get a little silly and loud with this one. Slapping cards and yelling things like, "Stop Thief"! Good laugh!
9058	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Chinese checkers is a fun way to teach strategy to kids. This tin version is quite durable.
9421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality!
- Completionists may need a second or third core set to get some 1 and 2 off cards

3570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable little owls ... and so many sheets of stickers for this price! These are perfect for decorating things with, for scrapbooks or just for rewarding a good little child!
5457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As the wife of a youth minister, I have gotten sucked into all sorts of teen-obsessions.  I always take a group to see whatever Twilight movie is newly released.  It is always fun.  This game offers another way to get my girls to interact.
9964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun little toy for the kids
1124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's an ok game, great intro for beginners.  Not a lot of conflict or backstabbing, most people have fun with it.
6880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Other reviewers have explained the concept enough that it doesn't need repeating again. This is an addictive game/puzzle. You pull out your card, set it up, and start to get your little red car off the grid; and you find that you have think about it and work at it and practice and try different solutions before you can solve the problem.
3021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This bear is very soft and cute but not sturdy. It's probably good for a baby. I returned it because I didn't think it would hold up well to my 3 year old.
Players take turns being the Judge, who draws a question card & picks one of the questions to read. The rest of the players then race to scribble out answers that they think will entice/entertain or otherwise engage the Judge.
It is great for picnics as well.
Acquire: 3-6 Players, Ages 12+, Average Play Time: 60 to 90 Minutes
The components of this game are beautifully designed.  Every component has detailed artwork that does not disappoint.  The player mats are a bit flimsy and the game uses the standard colored cubes for resources.
1575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got it for a good price compared to the local retailers around me. Seems to be made well.
1326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to ride is a game of strategy that's enjoyed by many at my house. Simple to follow and so fun to play. Great family table game. =)
8409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the most stressful game I ever played. The whole time I was playing all I could think was please don't let that buzzer go off. This is also probably the only game that I love that I always lose. I can't really explain it but the game is just a classic. Something about that bright red nose just makes you love this game. Not to mention the taunting you can get away with when the buzzer goes off when your opponent is trying to pull out a bone.

3550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these to include in the goody bags for a class of preschool students. I was trying to avoid candy treats, and these brightly colored jack-o-lantern faces fit the bill.
327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	an Awesome Tabletop game, great for intrigue and a little sabotage of the other players
I like both versions for different reasons.
6121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you want to learn to fly a RC plane or helicopter this simulator will help you. If you are on a budget this simulator is for you. You can learn to fly and crash thousands of dollars in planes and helicopter. So when you go to the field to fly you are more confident . My kids pick it up quick and are flying well with the simulator . Remember to read the box and make sure it will work on you computer and this is not a game . It is a flight simulator trainer . I found helpful videos on U Tube
82	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Book is nice but Pom poms never come out right. Either book gives wrong measurements of string length or the Pom Pom make it come with doesn't do proper job. I've made many pompous before and this is a first time I couldn't make Pom poms. So disappointing, paid too much just for the book pretty much

8647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 3 year old loved playing with this ball. The glow in the dark feature is ok. It glows a little.
253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and Enjoyable.

7950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This version of the game is just as pretty as the original. I've seen a few "modern" ones with images that seem geared toward an older group, sort of like those Bratz dolls, but this isn't one of those. My three year old loves it and has a great time playing each time we bring it out.
5251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is deceptively simple. It requires critical thinking, planning and loads of concentration.  It took two adults one game playing slowly and reviewing the rules to get the hang of it. It takes 30-45 mins to play depending on how many are playing.  This is our favorite game that we have bought in the past five years.  Highly recommend.
I still have trouble with social interaction, though.
3725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The game itself is great. The living card game element makes for regular updates which avoids the game becoming stagnant, and the asymetrical conflict is brilliant.
1017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first purchased this game in 2006 when my husband and I were dating. He is a locomotive engineer and train nut, and I saw this for the first time at a neat San Francisco game shop. I bought it and gave it to him as a Christmas gift. He loved it and we played it a lot while we were dating. It was fun to play with just the two of us or when we had a group of friends get together for a game night. You do have to think and develop a strategy to achieve success. It's great to play with two players or several. We have given this game as gifts to other families, and this one was purchased as a gift for a family with children who are 8 and 10. They love it too.
This is a great toy, especially for the price!
8601	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is what it is which is what I wanted. Cheaper than elsewhere so why not? Hope this finds you well!
5124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun quick game to play with the family.
647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and easy card game for road trips. Entertaining for the whole family
6414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've always had fun playing this card game as a kid. Children/adults learning French will like it too.
---
I have to say... this elf is MUCH more adorable than Elf on a Shelf (EoS), and it's a better quality to boot. You can actually pose him, unlike the EoS. I wish we had seen this one first. But either way, he was money well spent.
As the game has shifted in the last few years, the classic t65 X Wing (this one, "A New Hope" era) has gradually phased out of use in most games. You just don't see the old girl in the tournament scene now for valid reasons, mainly the t70 X Wing ("Force Awakens"), B Wing, Arc 170, and K Wing have all come along to steal most it's thunder. FFG is aware of this and in recent expansions seems to be adding stuff that can reverse help the ship that killed the Death Star, no one wants this classic staple of Star Wars to be so maligned, but where does it stand for the buyer now?

Page Two, "Skills", has references for healing, knowledge, perception, riding, spellcraft, survival, and swimming.
6681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As someone prone to bouts of nostalgia, I was taken back a few years when I recently played this again. And it is still fun, I have to admit, even though it was about 25 or 30 some odd years in between play sessions of Trouble. The pop-a-matic feature is still as addicting as it was when I first discovered it as a young girl. The whole premise revolves around the concept of luck, as all classic race games do, but that does not lessen its enjoyment if all you want to do is sit down with others and leave your worries behind. Because of its simplicity, my kids had no problems grasping it after literally just looking at it. I recommend you pick it up again, even if it has been a while.

6162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought as a gift for an 8 year old and she loved it works great and keeps her busy for quite a while.
There are three different runner factions, and 4 different corporation factions. They all have a unique feel, and they are all adequately represented in the base set, which gives it a good degree of replayability. I will say that the base decks as they are suggested in the rule book (i.e. including only the cards of one faction and the neutral cards) will result in some matches being completely one sided. You will want to tinker with and substitute some cards (after reading the deckbuilding guide if you are new to this kind of game) in order to improve the quality of the gaming experience. Even after doing so, some of the corporation builds can feel woefully slow, it's frustrating to be a supposed megacorporation and feel like you have absolutely no money! I'd say at this point the metagame highly favors the runner, but if you're just looking for something to play with friends and don't have interest in the game being absolutely balanced, this is definitely worth picking up, even if you don't have any intention of purchasing any of the additional expansions.


2555	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 11 year old loved this. She is into crafts big time and she also likes to keep a diary. When she saw this, she got very excited and couldn't wait to get started on it. She had a blast decorating it and loved the fake frosting.
1829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sons had so much fun learning about elf on the shelf this year/ what a great family tradition!!!
Only four stars due to cardboard construction, and smooth board (which allows pieces to "meander"--your OCD friends may go nuts). The older versions of this game had a raised grid to keep pieces in place.
7015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my five year old niece's birthday.  She really enjoys it.  Her mother likes it because it makes learning basic math skills fun.

I so wish I came up with this idea!!

8974	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Fun game but this set is terrible quality! Cards are thin and some of ours were not printed on so we don't know which cards they are suppose to be and what we are missing. The directions have a ton of spelling errors too.


5059	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use it in my first grade class and the kids love it!
9860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Buy!
108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The game is basically Uno with discussion cues on some of the cards. It can take a long time for someone to win the game too...
6239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Actually 4.9 Stars.  Better equipped than the Losi Mini 8ight - comes with spur/pinion cover stock and good electronics.  Just need to improve the spindle design to survive better.
For more on my review check out http://mygeeklings.com/dungeonrollreview/
8787	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old as well as my 15 month old enjoy this durable toy that was very easy to put together.  The door easily opens and closes without pinching little fingers.  The wheels roll easily so pushing the toy is easy for even the youngest toddlers.

2396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this book
9717	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game.  The mat on this one is really nice.
Club Fantasci Overall Score:  7.5
3-4 players take on the role of each of the biker gangs featured on the show. The game takes place over the course of 6 game rounds. The game tiles take the place of a board, which represent the locations from the show. You send your characters to the locations to take its benefits.
4430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ridiculously addictive and can be played in many different ways. You can play it the standard banana grams way or you can try variations where you can 'steal words from other people'. Really, the game is a bag of word blocks. What you choose to do with them is really up to you. The price for the banana is good because it has a lot of letters in it. I think it holds more than the apple and the pear version do. You will have fun with this game if you like games that are similar to Scrabble. It involves speed and some vocab.  You can getaway though with knowing less words than in Scrabble. All you need to be able to do is spell the few words you do know correctly quickly.
7121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Gift. Child seem to like it

9956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved this!!! All of the butterflies hatched. A really cool project!
Then I discovered that the game had been changed and made much much easier.  Thus started my hunt for the original operation, which THIS is (although there is an added piece in the brain that was apparently added in the late 2000s.  THIS version is what I remember from my childhood: difficult bone removal with an almost guaranteed buzzer, parts that slide so far out of reach that you can barely see them, and an actual challenge.
This screen is one of the best I have ever had. It is made from the same heavy card stock that hardcover gaming books use. It is a four-fold screen, providing more cover than many of the three-fold versions and also has the art from Wayne Reynolds' Iconic Player characters, as introduced in the Pathfinder RPG.
2044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	we bought this for our grandkids, and she showed up at their house one day, they loved her and looked forward to finding  her every morning, this is a great tradition to start in every family with children!!

9544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Daughter loves this butterfly kit. Every larvae turned into butterflies.
That said, I think this is one of the best games out there for developmental purposes.  I love it.

902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game - the family voted that it's a keeper.
6629	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game

4029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This DM screen has everything a DM need to see or check thats in the book. It saves time and the design on the back is so cool looking. A must have if you have a big group or one book.
8689	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good quality
Skullport is the module that has the most obvious impact to the game given the introduction of the blue skull-shaped tokens called Corruption counters. Skullport-related effects tend to give you a lot of benefits (i.e. a spot that gives 2 adventures of any type) but at the cost of a Corruption token added to your tavern. Corruption counters count as penalty points at the end of the game and the more Corruption people give into, the more penalty points all players with such counters will have to deal with at the end of the game. Skullport-related locations. Quest Cards and Intrique Cards are designed to tempt you with great rewards in exchange for adding Corruption. And once the board is without Corruption counters, future Corruption penalties mean an instant 10 point deduction from that player's score.

One of the things I did not like about the Losi was the ESC.  Tacon (also known as LC racing) has a better ESC that is programmable and has way better feel than the Losi/Dynamite ESC.  Another item of concern was the drive train on the Losi.  So far I have had zero issues with the Tacon other than a spur that got some sand in it.  I replaced the spur with a Hot Racing SOFE60M05 steel spur and this issue is no longer an issue or concern.  I regularly run a 2s lipo in this car and it flat hauls.  It is as fast on the straights at the local track as my D413 with a 6.5 turn mod motor in it, although a lot harder to control.
4021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my husband and he enjoys the book
1000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone loves it and plays!  I would say ages 6 and up ...the App is fun too!
Whether you are a STAR TREK fan or not - but it does help - this is fun for the whole family! 4-21-09
The biggest challenge is that when playing with children, they don't immediately understand that "trade a card" doesn't allow you to peek at EITHER card.
Edit:  Having played w/ my group the Core Rules, having the the minis from this set is great and most of the rules, spells, equipment carry over.
1772	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Elf on the Shelf.  My grandson loves it.

Overall, I am surprised how tricky some of the questions are and how it gets kids to work on that critical thinking / visual perception at a young age by removing the need to write.  I personally think they should make a set for 1-2 year olds without the self checking system and to be used with an instructor/adult who does the checking instead.  My son would have been very very happy to play this game earlier and for a longer time frame.  I intend to buy more from this company.
It seems to pay to have money throughout the game and not to focus on one or two corporations, unless you are sure they will pay out. I was tempted to offer him a later bed time if he'd slip me ten grand, but I thought better of it. The game took us about two hours to play...keep in mind, there was a learning curve and three kids of varying ages involved.
8766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Math practice for all ages.  The skill difficulty has a wide range of valuable math computations.
1 female dwarf fighter
My kids have received numerous gifts under the name of Scientific American over the years, and each one lasted under a day before it broke.
9695	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I got this crossing to supplement my son's (rather large) train set. The red arms of the signal come off, very easily. Which is fine, but we have a younger son as well so these are causing a choking hazard, and a sibling fight, constantly.
5645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A simple yet challenging game.  The rules start out very simple and then they keep changing.  Having Cthulhu around just makes it even better.

2869	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Best!!!
6183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When you place it next to a 1/10 it looks big, and it is. It comes with 2 540 motors and they give you some excellent power, you can clear massive obstacles and clear trees with speed  making for a great experience. I found there was no need to raise the suspension because the bigger and really grippy tires give you extra height. It's powerful enough that you can spin the back wheels. The lights are great, I thought it came with one front light so I was pleasantly surprised to see that it has back and side lights as well. It's made very well as you would expect from all these products nowadays. The battery moving around was easily remedied by feeding the wires behind the metal plate, adding a small zip lock bag rolled up and adjusting the snaps accordingly. The crawler moves so fast the turning circle is a non issue imo, if you do raise the suspension you really would be able to take this baby anywhere and there is clear indication on the servo that it's waterproof. Plus it has plenty of ground clearance. I give this crawler 2 thumbs up.
9128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for grandchildren!
7814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gave this to my 4 year old, he loves it and calls it his Money Box. The drawer gets stuck if the coins get jammed, but so far I haven't had any issues with this toy.
Some folks have mentioned issues with the first run (which I think i have). The quest cards are printed 'upside down' compared to the base game. Makes it easier to sort for us afterwards b/c we just sort based on orientation of the back of the card. There are icons on everything so you can easily see which expansion it belongs to.
3078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got for sister whose dogs kick her out of bed! Lol.
6990	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Daughter loved it.
  As a child I began playing Rook at about age 5. It wasn't until I was about 15 that I became an "ok" player who understood some of the more advanced techniques.

3827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Netrunner is a card game for 2 people. It plays in an asymmetrical manner, meaning each person plays a different way with slightly different rules and effects depending on if they are the corporation or the runner.
8618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've gotten so much use out of this card game. Have had it for at least 2 years now and it travels with us to restaurants and on vacations. Kids are 9 and 7 and we are still having fun with it.
8233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	was a great gift
1998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am so looking forward to doing this with my son! Last year in school they had an elf on the Shelf for the classroom. I love the rules my son seriously explained to me after class one day. I plan on giving it to my son for his birthday, even if it is a couple months early I hope he enjoys it.
This game had far less nerdness than regular D&D. But it also doesn't have some of the fun aspects of role-playing (like a long, emmersive and interactive storyline). You can feel safe to invite people over to play who are not Dungeons & Dragons addicts.

4459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is similar to Scrabble, but much faster paced and with nearly zero interaction with other players. I strongly recommend it as long as you know what type of game experience you want to have.
Adding to the game's variety are Factions -- every player, Runner or Corp, belongs to one. Each faction has certain useful and proprietary cards. These are bought at the beginning with "Influence" points. Each costs from 1-6 points. Players start out with 15 Influence points.
2140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Party Gras is one of those games that had our family talking a lot about it. That is a good thing.  The game is supposed to get people in a group talking and interacting especially at parties and other fun oriented gatherings.  The game comes with a bunch of beautiful colored beads and cards.  The idea is that you have three cards and have to pick one of the things on the cards you are going to use to trap or take beads from others.
1557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute! Easy storage.
4237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I love the fluxx card game. This one was ok for us not having seen the movie I didn't understand some of the cards.
2147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Confusing game, but fun


7336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I chose this as a gift for some children  from our church.  We used this game with our grandchildren and taught it to the kids from church. The boys really enjoyed it so much that I just had to get them their own set.  While lots of fun, it teaches observation. alertness, memory and the need to move quickly.  So much fun!!
I've never gotten into Scrabble, so I'm not a wordy, but I was able to play this.
6568	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	could not do better. Its perfect and fun for all of us
3639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome depiction of the original Normandy, essential for any Mass Effect diehard.  Only thing is how it's out of scale with the SR-2 replicas, but then we'd have received a pretty tiny SR-1, so easily excused.  Might be the right scale next to the larger SR-2 replica coming soon though (if you're willing to pay for it)!
Recommended.
The instructions seem confusing at a glance, but I assure you, it's pretty simple to get a hang of. Oh, I wish it came with the pizza rehydrator card. I'm going to feel like my deck is incomplete forever!
I'd gladly play this game every weekend, and will absolutely introduce it to many more friends!
1650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute!
Enjoy.
I can't recommend this game enough to anyone that is serious about their card games.  The theme is spot on, the mechanics are solid, and the balance of the core set is solid.  Add in a few add on packs and this is really an amazing experience.

Players: 1-4
5700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game, with awesome and hilarious Sci-Fi references!!!
The Planning Phase is where you assign orders (in secret by placing them upside down on the board) such as raids, marches, defense, consolidate power or support tokens. Raid tokens allow you to possibly interrupt another players token, hence messing up their plans and causing a bit of frustration. Always a fun tactic in a game like this. March tokens allow to advance on another players position or empty position for combat and taking over that territory if successful. Defense tokens are self-explanatory and help bolster your defense from attack from opposing players. Consolidate Power tokens allow you to  gain power tokens for bidding later in the game or to muster units (armies) into an assigned area.

1610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was so glad we ordered this. It came super fast and our family tradition started on December 1st.
4761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cute toy !!
Collapsed / compressed / stowed into the shape of a small hula-hoop, I had the dogs jump through it like trained circus animals. To our son, that looked like fun, so he "jumped" (awkwardly stepped) through a few times.
UPDATE: I emailed customerservice@battlefront.co.nz about damaged tokens with Pics, they sent me replacement warp tokens. A+++ Support.
9252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum is amazing, if you're willing to have a large drum in your house that has a loud boom.  :)

1681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I thought I was getting
- Identify and Relate
4034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Created a few Bombing run campaigns against some opponents and it was nice to see this combo put together. A few good support ships to keep your Y-wing alive.
New Pros:

Since the game has no need for a Dungeon Master or someone to play the enemy, everyone can enjoy playing on the same team. And you'll rarely have mathematical discussions of how to absolutely maximize every turn in order to survive (a common occurance in many other dungeon crawls, e.g. Descent:  Journey into the Darkness).
8845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	no issues, works well
The game requires quick problem solving, a wide vocabulary, the ability to adapt, and the ability to start over if you can't fit in the newly acquired tiles. It's lots of fun amongst two people or a large group of friends; it doesn't become boring; and it is fast if you have a hankering for a quick word game! Any family or guest-entertainer needs it!
1453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves this game and ensures everyone else will love it.  We got this for my brother's family and may buy it for my sister's too.
4007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Initially I was disappointed.  These dice feel lighter (cheaper?) than normal Chessex polyhedral gaming dice, and the destiny tokens are a heavy stock paper (not plastic).  After thinking about it - a 7 piece set of Chessex typically runs between $5 and $15.  This set has 14 dice.  I have to imagine if the dice were heavier and if the tokens were also plastic the set would run about $25, which would really invite complaints.
6411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased two Mille Bornes Card Games for the Learning Center where I am employed. (We have Middle School youth after school for about three hours.)  I am always looking for activities that are both fun and educational for them and these game have become a big hit!  The underlying Math concepts make the game a good mental challenge for them.  I had played the game back in the early 70's and it was as fun as I remembered...THANKS!
 This game is probably equally good for seniors trying  to keep the brain sharp and stave off dementia.

In the beginning we did not follow the rule of having to have a 6 to get out.  However, when our daughter was around four years old we implemented that rule. It was a bit difficult to her if she didn't get a six right off.  However, she got the hang of it and she got over it.  It is a good way to teach a child to adapt to a rule.  We have a lot of board games as we did themes for Valentine's Day or Christmas.  One time it was board games, another time it was card games. or a puzzle.  Once it was a fictional and non-fictional book.
6.) Fun Factor: And yet, even with the bluffing, and the other little nasty tactics, the game is extremely fun. The decisions are short, causing the game to move quickly, but can be quite stressful at times. Yet these decisions really make the game fun! Blocking someone else off, using your own lines, pulling two locomotives from the draw pile, or finally connecting those two cities - all of this adds up to a wonderful time of fun!
We went tout the beach in October er so it wasn't super hot. The tent has two mesh sides for air to pass through. Our baby was fine, but on a hot day without a breeze, I could see it getting very warm inside.
5866	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
4971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quality game
1476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and pandemic and turned my 1 game night a week into 3-4 game nights a week..now I interact with friends/family on game nights instead of txting, emailing..etc..tv is left to play music!!
8471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game!  I love the memory challenge and uniqueness,
1 emerged, but then fell down from the qtip while it still had to unfold it's wing, so it became deformed and died.
9188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My two year old granddaughter has enjoyed playing with this as well as her older siblings who seem to have enjoyed it even more.  The gears are easy to arrange and put into motion.  It has not been one of those toys that she continues to play with every day,  but one that is fun to get out from time to time and play with again.  It is a nice size, enough room to put all the gears on but not too big as to be too hard to manage.
6186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun!
6774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves to maneuver cars and trucks around to get out of tight situations so this game has really got his interest.



3615	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  Great Game!

3589	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are very cute stickers- perfect for using to decorate holiday cards or presents. The colors were vivid, the paper quality is good, and they look nice.

9814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for family night!
5372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game!  It requires a lot of thinking and logic. My 7 year old daughter needs help sometimes but it is a lot of fun!  The pieces are great quality and will last many years.
9042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect received quickly
8119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My little princess loves playing this game and my son likes it too, a fun game to play for family night and on those rainny days when the little one can't go outside to play.
This handsomely illustrated elongated board looks has a map of the United States dotted with notable cities that are connected by short and long lines of rectangles (or tracks).  In line of track is one of several colors.
976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the whole family!
7535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Satisfied.
NOTE: this review originally appeared on my blog ([...]) and on the Opinionated Gamers website. As noted in the piece, a review copy wsa provided by North Star Games.
9907	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a very fun activity for summer with my preschool-aged boys. The net cage is high quality. The instructions are clear and easy to follow. We ended up adding on an extra cup of caterpillars at a discounted price and 10 out of 10 are now butterflies. I could not be happier with the experience!!! (Side note: while there is an included voucher for the caterpillars, you will have to pay a $7.95 shipping fee. Not a big deal, but I was not expecting that when I placed the order.)
2295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I guess I didn't read closely enough.  That this product was half the price of the "real" Elf on a Shelf book and doll should have been a tip-off.  This elf is already named - Christopher.  But the story line is the same, the elf is cute... and like I said, the set was half the cost of the "real deal" set!  I bought this for my niece's children, and she said it might actually help that the elf is already named... save a campaign by the kids to name him something off-the-wall!  We're totally happy with our Christopher elf and book!
4755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a well thought out toy for learning the human anatomy!  There are clear directions and it is a great way to teach the subject.  It does have many small parts and would not work well for a child that is not detail oriented...it takes time and patience to put it back together .  It also benefits from adult interaction depending on the age of the child.  It goes beyond expectation for what it is intended for.

6412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Lots of fun to play, & you practice your numbers in French while you're at it.
There's a 16 page "Learn to Play" booklet and a 32 page "Rules Reference" booklet.  It will take time and effort to get accustomed to the rules and the intended game flow.  Best suited for those who like and excel at complicated games.
3825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love this. The first one I was sent was not perfect, but was quickly replaced. I had not planned to take it out of the box, but I could not help but proudly display it on my fireplace. Great piece for a great price!!!
somewhat top heavy(compared to an axial deadbolt, this has bigger tires and more top heavy. approach angle better, but tips sooner than deadbolt)
8694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	outstanding toy, outstanding durability!!! A child MUST!
1706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves coming over to see where the elf is hiding.
4473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are huge scrabble fans, so I was not sure that we would play this much. It is different and fun though. We usually bring it with us on trips as it is small and packs easily. Also the games go fast so it is fun!


7602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had never played this game until this past Christmas and it is a lot of fun.  This game gets people moving and yelling that you never thought would raise their voice in a group setting.  Definitely need to get a bell for this one, it's a lot more fun.
4622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 7 year old nephew loved this low-tech toy, even brought it out to play with other boys at his birthday slumber party! That's compliment enough, huh!

3779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Honestly one of the best card games I have ever played.  This comes from someone who has dabbled in Magic the Gathering since the 90s and has played a dozen different customizable card games over the last two decades.  The mechanics are solid and the quality of the cards is exceptional.  The only negative I have for the game is that the symbols and layouts of the cards is a bit poor making it difficult to quickly sort out a stack.  This is a minor annoyance for an otherwise amazing game (but still something I hope they fix in the future).

5002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for children and adults.
7017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this as a gift for my niece, but my son has the red version and we love it so I knew it would be a good buy! I am always happy with the quick prime shipping and my  niece is 3 and LOVES collecting monies so this was an exciting gift to give her! She wanted to open it right away and was so happy when she opened it. It is a register that can grow with a kid too, the number keys work as a real calculator and the money is very realistic looking (especially compared to other fake money sets I have seen). This register is a great size, the drawer pops out flinging change everywhere which my son thinks is hilarious :) Overall great find and buy. I have had one mom that was over with her son for a playdate go to Amazon and buy this after seeing it at my house and I have liked it enough to buy it for my niece as well. Needless to say we are a fan of this register!
4244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's the fun of Fluxx with the references to Monty Python, what's not to love?
Perhaps future publications will include these things.
2391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The book was purchased as a gift for my friend's granddaughter.  Vivian is at the age where she loves books that make sounds and she can interact with.  I assume she's been enjoying the book.
2089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We started Elf on a Shelf last year and are really enjoying the tradition. My son is now 2 and a half and loves to find "Simon" every morning. The book that comes along with it is a great tool to help teach children about Santa Claus and the fun traditions of Christmas. This is something that we will use for many years.
2854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cute
6466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We all played this game for hours while at a friend's house on vacation, so had to get it for our own coffee table.  It's great that it has so many cards to work out...it will take a long time to conquer this one!  Super fun!
7884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's Candy Land!! Need I say more?! Ok.. I will.. We absolutely love this game. Unlike all of the other versions out there this one is the one closest to the one from when we were younger. Our son loves it. It's great to add to those family game nights!
6795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game....but product could be made better.......not pulled out much since they can get it on the ipad as an app.

3384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Excellent book to give as gift to kids, just like part I. Funny tricks with interesting pitures. Kids need thier own copy as some things need to be cut from pages.
1 male human cleric
5345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Both my 9- and 5-year old can play this, which is a rarity.  Would have given 5 stars, but the time between turns can be exasperating.  The game packs into its own pouch, which is an added portability benefit.
In all, this will definitely keep little ones busy but also create a keepsake for years to come because of all of the cute things they write.  There are so many little memories stored in the book by my daughter.  I doubt the cover will last intact all those years unless with special care but it will make a great memory  when going through what is written inside.


6172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this crawlers very cool to run.
4468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	lots of fun to do alone or with others
Oh well, my grandson will be thrilled when he is old enough to appreciate this.
682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for my 6 and 2 year olds. My oldest is learning about saving, tithing, and spending money so this is a great visual for him and the ledger helps teach account balancing. My youngest just loves putting coins in the slots!

5232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Even our 5 year old gets in on the fun, as the official scorekeeper! If you want to learn more about the game, go to Youtube and search "Tabletop Quirkle" and watch Wil Wheaton show you how it's played.
I found the convenience of playing in the city that is well described in Butcher's books *and* depicted in the show *and* whose denizens are already statted-up (by people far more in touch with the Dresden Files universe than I will ever have time to be) to be more than enough excuse to site my game there.
4770	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fast delivery!  I hope my granddaughter will like it!
423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent toy to simulate thought!
1530	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good story

1433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a present for my 9 year old nephew and we played it several times together as a family.  My 8 year old niece figured it out quickly and so did the grandparents.  The game is fast paced and requires both skill and luck to win.  Everyone in the family enjoyed it.  The game pieces themselves are well made, and the box is well designed to store the game.  I highly recommend it.
5153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!

The game is a combo of luck (what tiles you pick from the bag) and strategy but mostly strategy. It's all how you play your tiles as to how many points you get so one has to think a bit which is a good thing.
6528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great for young kids to learn board games
9839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The giggles never stop.  She never get tired of playing in and on it.  She thinks it makes a great drum.  Good thing it is very sturdy.
1787	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i LOVe elf on teh shelf. this came fast and from a great seller i would recommend. cantwait to start it this year with my son!
9264	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Horseshoe curve complete!
6923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's easier for adults, but working through the puzzles is still fun. My children 4 and 7 both love it too. They like working out the puzzles, but also like setting them up for other people (double fun). So far no one has come into our house and without being sucked into a couple of rounds.
8668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our kids loved this!
3) Players who own stock in the company that was acquired have a choice to make.
4379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun
---
4523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If not for the extra words, buy it for the awesome packaging. Check out that lumberjack!
These drums have real drumheads and sturdy bases, making them ideal for the rough-and-tumble play of toddlers. While we're working on learning how to treat our instruments properly, it's nice to know that these are able to take a beating and still look good as new. I've even found my son STANDING on his bongos and they did not break or tear.
3616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing detail and a great paint job.
9824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my son when he was just starting to crawl - he's 6 and he still loves using it for things.  Not a single tear, rip, frayed seam, nothing.  This has stood the test of time.
1771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband hates this thing.  I absolutely LOVE IT!  Especially when I can scare him in places where he least expects it.  Have you seen a flying shoe because a grown man was scared that something was in it?  It's great.  I was hoping to pass along to our child, but found out we can't so, that's fine.  We'll keep between ourselves.  I came home from work one time and he had little bottles of liquor all around him....Elf of the Shelf had a rough day, where he was found with Tylenol the next morning.  :)  See it's fun even among adults!
5699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I thought this would be the same as the other Flux games, but with a space theme.  However, there are cards in this set which employ totally different mechanics than the other versions; making this more than merely a re-theming.


2833	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is *so* cute! Granddaughter likes the Llama Llama Red Pajamas book and she loves this doll.
- Really fun and fast-paced once you play a game or two.
6193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	daughter loved it!  5 years old and took to it like a pro...
With the amount of people that can play, this game is a great pick for people that want to start introducing people into unconventional board games. I highly recommend this for anyone that is looking for a game to include a large group of people.
There is also a five point bonus for the player with the longest word at the end of the game.
8047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Annoying to put together but kids love it.
5249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great strategy game that will help teach younger kids matching skills (as well as colors and shapes) and will also prove to be challenging enough for adults to play without the kids.  Its just an all-around fun game that reminds me of scrabble with shapes and a pinch of Sudoku.  The idea is to build off of the other players tiles, building rows of colors and shapes with no overlapping in order to rack up points and create qwirkles (complete rows of either one specific shape, all six colors, or all shapes, one color).  The game becomes tricky when other players block off possible qwirkles, and new rows start spurring off left and right.  Its the perfect balance of ease and challenge, and a great game for everyone in your house!
7856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids use this register a lot.  They love to play store with each other and even with us.  They reinforce addition and subtraction when they play.  They also learned about money, as in the coins and paper currency.  I also bought the play wallet and some more play money.  The ONLY bad thing about the register, is that it does the addition and subtraction for them plus when they pay be "credit card" they aren't learning math!
6888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very cool toy!  My 3 year old loves it.  Just wish this came in different colors.

802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Been wanting this game for years & the Hubz bought it for me as a Xmas gift. It's great fun & if you love strategy games, you'll love this game.
1542	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful addition to the Christmas traditions!  It came promptly, well packaged and the kids loved it - would buy again.
4245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson is enjoying this 3rd version of FLUXX!  Keeps him constantly thinking.

3732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a birthday present for my husband.  We are avid tabletop and RPG players.  We put together a group of friends to play the game and are having a blast.
The game: You and your opponents start with a card that includes your starting building, your character, and some special powers that will help you during the game. Players take turns placing their one worker in a building- either their own, someone else's or one in the middle of the table. This is how you obtain or trade goods, and some buildings let you do other things as well. When you finally have enough goods to ship, you sell your goods and buy one of the buildings in the middle. It gives you victory points and gives you another place you can go to for free. When you sell your goods, the entire market shifts, potentially blocking someone else's sail that turn.


2081	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There are people who like the elf and those who do not, kind of like Christmas. This year the elf handlers in my family started preparing for the extra effort and the joy of the Elf on the Shelf. I found that my son does not really remember what he got for Christmas but he remembers the elf fishing for goldfish crackers and playing with toilet paper. After a few nights hiding on various shelves, Mom got bored and the crazy ideas circulating on the internet had her launching the elf into flour, setting up a marshmallow snow fort and various other shenanigans. I posted my crazy photos on Facebook and before I knew it the elf had a following. My son loved Chip the elf dearly and loved his crazy ideas but a few older adults with no kids who saw my posts said they really enjoyed waking up each morning to see a new surprise, including a friend who was going through major cancer treatments. You can make the tradition what you want and you can make your elf the creepy daunting vision you envisioned or you can have it turn the milk green, blame it for the pizza box you left in the living room and share it via e-mail with those afar to include them in your celebrations. Kids are little for just a short time, and this is a great way to extend the Christmas joy.
9928	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Infant tent was easy to assemble. The size is perfect for infant (ours is 6 months old) Would recommend for quality & price.



5586	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun! Our family enjoys this game! We also have pirate fluxx!
5230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a good family game- young children can easily be included, yet adults can use strategy to make this a more challenging game.


I focused on buying stocks for two corporations in the middle of the board and would have made a lot of money had one acquired the other...but they ended up becoming "safe" and I didn't have much money left to buy stocks in other corporations that could still be acquired. I received a nice bonus at the end of the game for all the stock I had, but my son used the money he earned from his acquisitions to buy even more stock than what I had bought up cheaply in the beginning of the game...so he ended up getting the majority shareholder bonus anyway. He earned so much from a particular acquisition that he just started buying out ALL of the stock cards of particular colors until there were none left.
Warning: Do not taunt Hoberman mini sphere
The box is well-constructed and pieces nice.  The map is a bit simplistic, but it is totally fine.  The pre-gen characters and stories are nice for busy adults who don't always have time to write stories and roll up characters.  The rules are easy enough to follow that our 8 year old can play with us (he loves it!).
Later, at home, my three-year-old companion rode her tricycle and let her little (13-14 month old) sister "use" her car.  She also loved it, but we did have to watch to make sure she did not slip through the opening where her feet were.  She was a little too short, but a taller child should have no problem.  The recommended  age is 18 months to 4 years, if a child is riding her trike, or skating on her Barbie learning skates, or zipping (okay, a slow zip) around on her scooter by then, she might not be as interested.  1-3 year olds cannot help but love it.
9521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great practice at home for math facts
Other than that, our family of six (ages 9-over 40) really like this game.
479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Haven't played with other people, but I've been enjoying the solitaire mode of play.
7847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gave this to my granddaughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. As soon as she would finish a game, she would ask someone else to play.
The final phase is the Mythos Phase. This is the phase where all the Mythos things happen, and it starts by drawing a Mythos card. It tells you where a new gate opens and to spawn a monster. If there's already a gate at that location, then there is a monster surge and monsters pour out of every other gate! If there isn't a gate already there, you draw a new gate token and put it down on the location, the GOO's doom track advances (when it gets to the end, you have to fight the GOO in the endgame!), you put down a new clue token in the location on the mythos card, you move monsters, and you activate any Mythos activity denoted by the Mythos card. That's a lot of stuff for one card to do, but it's not as bad as it seems. Of particular interest here is the monster movement. Monsters all have their own sets of stats and movement details. The Mythos card will say which monsters move, as delineated by a symbol on the card, like a crescent or a circle. All monsters with that symbol move. Here's the neat part, though. All Arkham locations are connected by a series of lines black and white triangles. The Mythos card will have a black and white section on the bottom, with symbols in the two sections. So, the crescent might be in the black box and the circle in the white box. This means that crescent symbol monsters follow the white arrows and circle monsters follow the black. It is a really neat way to have monsters move by themselves. Elegant, really, and gives you the feeling that monsters are really roaming with some sort of plan that man was not meant to know.
1410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Is a great game that adults and kids can play together !! It takes more than two hours to finish a game
2816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This past June, one of our themes for the month in preschool was, Pete the Cat. Every student had a turn to take Pete The Cat Puppet home in a bed I made for an overnight. I also sent home a camera and a notebook for the students to document Pete's adventures with their family. A few adventures Pete had were, going to a Baseball Game, a movie, outside play, visiting grandma, and eating with the family.  After I gathered all the pictures, drawings and stories I put the info into book form. Everyone got a true story of Pete's adventures with the families.

4917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game.  Good product and service.
Here's a quick sample of words that you can encounter in the "Healing Words" word titles kit:
2670	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game.
Building all kinds of things. We have these at our house now we are going to get him some for Christmas for his house. He can follow the instructions and build certain things or he can let his imagination run wild. Brings out the creative juices. He is an only child so we try to find things that one person can play. That can be difficult. But this is a real winner
5. Playing involves spelling, strategy, and quick thinking.
9011	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We got these for our daughter becasue she loves bath time and playing her toy piano.  We figured this would be a cute toy that she would enjoy but we were wrong.  You have to beat the poor dolphins to get them to play a note.  And the note is more of an electronic sound...it's hard to describe it but it's NOT a musical note!  And it never fails after fianlly beating the things enough to get a sound out of them the ring comes loose.  It's just a total pain to use.  Granted she still plays with them in the tub just we could have bought a cheap bag of plastic dolphins at the aquarium and saves 3/4 of the money we spent on this set.
3306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game for people  who like strategy. Simple rules that leave alot of room for in depth game play.
5302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We're always on the lookout for a new game. Because of the reviews I decided to give this one a try. The reviews were right...this is a good game for everyone. We've played it over 10 times and still finding new ways to be strategic. We're a family of 4 with the youngest being 12. All of us learned it easily and quickly. At first we took it easy (strategic-wise) on our 12 year old but she kept beating us! This game can be simple and quick or as strategic as scrabble depending how you want to play it. If you're looking for something new-give it a try!
2066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love the Elf on the Shelf.  My grandson is only two so we keep the complexity of the elfs (Lil Santa) antics to a minimum.  Mostly it's moving from one location to another, hiding in the tree, etc.  He's had a grand time finding his elf.
8378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's not the original but I am certain we will have fun with it.
Haas-Bioroid
It came wrapped in plastic, so it is perfectly clean,  unlike the ones at stores that children and parents have already handled a lot!
5110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've only given this four stars, because I've found this somewhat confusing for a seven year old.  I assumed she would enjoy the game, but she'd rather play Uno. Purchasing this for a seven year old, may well have been a mistake on my part. I'll put it away, and bring it out a few months from now.
7326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it, great classic family game! Plus they work on colors, order, and counting.
He turned the milk blue, in the fridge.
4946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game forces one to think. For those of us who are linguistic, it is a challenge for us to re-pattern colors and shapes--one can actually feel the strain!  My math genius granddaughter took to this like a duckling to water, and we love playing!  My mom is elderly, and I want to use this to stimulate her thinking.
1553	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great
770	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So fun for our whole family! We love playing together or without our kids. It's easy to simplify the rules for younger kids who may not like the tickets.
618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and I already played this game by making up questions of our own...So I was excited to see the actual card game on Amazon because we like the game and after a while it gets a little difficult to think up new questions.  The game comes with 160 "would you rather" questions and two choice chips. There are two game play options. I will share Game Option #1: Each player draws one question card. The youngest player goes first. Read a "would you rather" question to the group.  Secretly make your choice by hiding the appropriate Choice Chip inside your closed fist...Blue chip #1 is for the first scenario and Red chip #2 is for the second scenario.  One at a time...each player then guesses what you choose.  After all players have made their prediction, you (the reader) reveal your choice by showing the chip in your hand.  Each player who guesses correctly is awarded a "Would You Rather" Question Card from the deck. You win after you successfully collect 5 "Would You Rather" Question Cards. Example of a question: Would you rather fall from 30 feet into a briar patch OR climb up a 30 foot wall covered with thorny stems? Great for a kids slumber party, birthday, long car rides, etc... It can be quite hilarious at times!



  - The longer the set of train cars used to make a connection, the more points you earn (1=1, 2=2, 3=4, 4=7, etc.)

The step-by-step instructions are great and make it easy to do some really cool designs. Definitely something for everyone in there.
4020	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Game Master's Kit might be a stretch.
8968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 4 year old loves this!
The only downside to this is there is no protection for the tiles on the plastic holders.  If you go through the trouble of placing beads to hold the tiles in place, what about the tile racks?  The tile racks could use some security, as for now, there is none.  And, basically, this means that if you are in the car playing with a friend, your board is secure, but your racks are not.
6344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I used to play this game with a pencil and paper, and it's still a great game. Kids won't realise that they're using strategy and concise logical problem solving, once they have played this a couple of times, and even for todays computer age, this is still very appealing and addictive. With it's ease of set up, and robust design, it will provide hours and hours of inexpensive fun, and every succesive generation seem to love it (I even bought one for myself). Great for younger kids too (with a little help) - and can help demonstrate many basic math puzzles, by making them fun. Oh by the way, the noises are great too !

9047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic drum! My 5 yr old and 2 yr olds love it!! It is louder than I thought. But it satisfies the need to drum and is a very reasonable price for a real drum.
5923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I back the original Kickstarter and have since bought several more for friends.


1842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	huge hit!!  kids loved me reading the book to them went seaching for their elf each morning..
You win the game by scoring the most points, and points can be earned in several ways: completing a preassigned start-to-finish destination route (Chicago-->L.A., for example), claiming smaller routes between different cities, creating the longest continuous route on the board. Some achievements are worth more than others, so prioritizing your moves is a must!
4293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our kids and I love to play this game! Its a classic that never gets old. Easy to take along on trips as well.
The interactions for the most part are fun and silly, but once in a while they are downright stupid and on occasion insulting.  I mean, in most groups I am in, I would not want to emulate a dog lifting its leg to spray territory.  For the most part, however, trying to get someone to stay or do something might be on the cards such as trying to get someone to tell you their favorite something-or-other.  They immediately might say no but that could be what is really on your card- it could be to get them to REFUSE to do something.  That does cause some laughs and fun.
-------------
Rosemary

5046	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow, this has been fun for the entire family right out of the box! Don't hesitate, buy this and you won't regret it.
3304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game ever
909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.  Interesting enough for adults, easy enough for a 10-year old to pick it right up.  I can't count how many times we've played it since buying it earlier this year.  If you're new to strategy games, this is a good place to start.  I look forward to purchasing the expansion boards soon.  I do wish there were a way to vary the game if you're playing with the same people over and over (you catch on to one another's strategies pretty quickly), but the main way to keep it interesting is to play with different players.  I've played with all ages, anywhere from 2 to 6 players.  It's been fun every time.
4441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great fun for 7 year old and family
However, don't let that stop you. The folks who made SCENE IT came up with a colorful, nicely paced game that can be played by young children and adults with no one getting frustrated or bored. And the DVD is not an ancillary part of the game -- you really need it to play along.
~operabruin
My grandchildren already have one of these, the same one in fact so I know what it feels like and does and I can't find any difference in them. They both feel the same. Although I never seen their book, this one tells the story about the elf and what to do. It even has a place for you to name and register it. (How cute is that!) So I am assuming it is the same book as all the others because I do remember them mentioning that with their elf plus when I looked locally, you can see the book in the box and it looks the same.
5477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you're a fan of the classic Rankin/Bass TV special, RUDOLPH THE RED NOSED REINDEER, first of all you should have the "making of" book by eminent R/B specialist Rick Goldschmidt as well as the soundtrack album on CD. You'll also enjoy this interactive DVD/board game version though you won't be able to impress anyone with your detailed knowledge of the longest running holiday TV special in history.
9342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great drum for kids, small enough for 2 year olds to carry, great quality and sound! The pattern on it is nice and not too bright.
6877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was sold on this because of the crazy good reviews on it, so I ordered it. And they are spot on! It is fun! It makes the mind work! After playing it some myslef, my children ages 11,and 7 tried to play. I knew it would be too hard...HA! They enjoy it and do well at it! I like that it offers critical thinking development in a fun way. I also like the single player aspect...something hard to find in quality kids games sometimes. The board is quality and it comes with a handy storage bag and a very nice slot for storing the cards. That makes it easy to take on a trip or to the doctors office. This game also is wonderful because it is fun for older adults and younger children (I would say for younger than  or about age 7 to go ahead and purchase them the Jr. version). A fantastic gift for any age!
3076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My twins adore this playmat.  We "play in the ocean" every day.  The whale makes a fun bubbling sound that captured both of their attention early on.  Soon, one was particularly interested in making the turtle rattle, while the other loved looking at the "pentapus" (only 5 legs, so not technically an octopus, but beloved nonetheless).  They figured out how to kick the arches to make all the toys move -- one of their first experiences with cause-and-effect!  Now that they're a little bigger, they love grabbing onto the toys' various parts.  They have been known to play on here for more than an hour, quite content.  The pillow is great for propping up little heads or helping slightly bigger babies with tummy time.  The mat washes easily in the washing machine and air dries quickly. An observation and recommendation: the arches are a little high, making the toys hard for very little ones to reach.  That was fine when they were happy just watching them move, but once they were interested in interacting more we added a link or two from a separate set so the toys hang lower.  It's been working really well.

I've only done a few run-throughs of character creation, and one real session.  This system works off of the Fate system, (fudge dice, etc), and has a very interesting method in which people can interact with the storyline and surroundings, to make the GM's life a little bit easier.  Both this, and the partner book (Vol 1: Your story) are worth getting.  This volume is meant for the the GM, and the first volume is more meant for Players and GMs alike.  If you enjoy the Dresden files, and a system that has numbers, but also allows for a good solid sense of roleplaying (and not just roll playing), with a good story element, this will likely be a good system for you.
3203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I would recommend the game to anyone. The game is a lot of fun.  The "Princess Bride" theme added a fun party atmosphere. My only complaint is that the movement tokens could have been designed better. I should explain that I have played with Aaron the game mechanic's designer. He originally designed the game with a different theme. He still hopes to get it re-released with his original theme. I had him explain the game to me and the differences the two themes have. Also he said, there was some problem with the written instructions and the translation from his original theme, to the "Princess Bride" theme.  No offense to Aaron, however I like the "Princess Bride" theme better than his other theme. In addition I found no problem with the rulebook. It was very easy to follow.

9831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 2 year old loves these eggs.  Plus it helps with learning shapes and colors.  But the eggs and the little container are hard for little hands to open.  Seems kind of cheap, but good toy for the price.
1656	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Book came damaged! Tha back part was unattached (hence the 1 star), anyhow the story is beautiful and the elf is great, my daughters are super excited about it!
6428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Yes even though this is a very simplified version of the old classic- it held up ( and it still working ) after my 11 yr old Daughter and Husband played it for HOURS together on Xmas! They love playing and get super competitive and POUND on that middle thing and its still working. haha.
2215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I play for hours with our seven and six year old.
5647	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was dissapointed that the cards looks just like the original Fluxx.  The same border, text, and bland pictures.  Cartoon Network Fluxx is a much better example of how to do a follow up to the original.
472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had played this game before so I knew what I was buying.  The game belonged to my ex-boyfriend so I decided to buy my own deck.  You don't have to have a huge vocabulary to play this.....although I am sure it would help.
4735	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I am not a stranger to difficult puzzles; if you check my reviews you'll see I did a 1000 piece puzzle of the Wicked poster, which is entirely solid blocks of color and almost exclusively three colors.  This puzzle, however, is almost as difficult and ten times more frustrating.  The pieces do not fit together cleanly, and sometimes when they do you realize later they weren't supposed to.  I have redone the border multiple times, and have had large sections that I thought was complete only to have to remove pieces and use elsewhere.  The end result is turning out great, but it's taking us much longer to get there than it should.  At several points we're having to turn the puzzle upside down to see if the fit is correct on the back.
9502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased as part of our homeschool butterfly unit. My 5 year old loves watching the transformation from caterpillar to butterfly. The butterfly habitat was great quality. The caterpillars were purchased separately but arrived alive and all survived.
3909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, ver y cool !!
7206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an easy fun family game
The original was just pure silly fun that you could play in twenty minutes with up to six folks.
8307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is instrumental in teaching colors to children.  Children can do a basic matching: purple square on a card to purple square on the board.  Lollipop picture to the Lollipop Forest.  This is a game that is replaced every year so that children can enjoy it.  I love the independence it allows children after they have learned the basic rules of it.  To sit to the side and watch students play and teach one another is a gift in itself.
984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We aren't really gamers, but I had been wanting to find something for our family to play that would be fun for everyone, not too hard, not totally luck, and didn't take hours and hours to play. This game is perfect. It took about an hour to play with 3 people, and 1- 1/2 hours with 5. It was great for everyone. My 8 year old picked right up on it, and almost won the first time she played. Last night we played with adults and teenagers and everyone loved it. I can't wait to play again. It's a must have!
3901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An awesome casual game, takes a bit to explain all of the rules.
Bottom Line: This set is ill-conceived and poorly executed on so many different levels it's appalling. "Cheap junk" is the best thing I can say about it. My mother bought it locally for twice the price it is here on Amazon as a Valentine's gift for our children. Within three days, they were frustrated beyond measure, and my husband and I went online looking for something better.

The game itself comes with a few extra goodies (I've attached pictures) for people who have all the expansions.
482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love word games.

Execution- This is well put together game.  The game has nice plastic ships!  In fact they are exactly the same ships as Eclipse.  They are as awesome here as they were there.  The box is nice, and the main play board is well done.  I like the art and card quality.  What I would like would be a bit larger play board with spaces for the advanced cards, the points, and the ships.  A little bit more would have really made this game excellent. 4.5/5
There isn't a whole lot to say about these dice. They are identical to the ones that come in the Imperial Assault box set (unless your set had one of those rare misprinted defense dice with circles instead of triangles on it, which would explain why you want new ones). If you want another set to let the players use during a campaign game (only using one set for both sides during said campaign can be a bit annoying), they are currently your only option unless you intend to purchase another boxed set. If you are attempting to get into Imperial Assault "on the cheap" and only purchasing the dice pack and specific miniature expansions... well, it is marginally possible, but you'll still need the cards for a command deck (primarily found in the boxed set) and a partner that can provide the tiles/map to play on. To put it bluntly: that path is not recommended.
4640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 7 yr old boy just loved it so so much!!!
2) The money that comes in this verion is in the form of little cardboard "Megabucks". In a previous version they supplied mini poker chips which were much easier to count and stack. The money included with this game is FINE, in fact the first version of the game I owned had the same type of money, and it works well, but when I found a used version with the chips I found it vastly easier to play.
Players take the role of one of several "Illuminati" (a secret cabal bent on world domination). They then vie with the other Illuminati at the table for control of organizations which can aid them in world domination. Take over enough organizations, or satisfy your Illuminati's special victory condition, and you win!
5177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  I have played with a variety of people and it kept everyone entertained.  Not overly complex but challenging at the same time, makes it the perfect combination for a good time.  I also find that this game can be played at most ages which makes it nice for a family game night.  One of my go to games at get togethers.
5680	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family never thinks much of my little "finds". We now own two of these, one for the house and one that travels from friend to friend.
8569	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	To be honest, I saw Michael Scott (Steve Carell) have one of these on his desk in the show 'The Office' so I purchased it. It is surprisingly awesome for everyone walking by!
8138	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a fun game for the granddaughter & I
9505	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	8 yr old grandson works well to help with math facts
9391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my two year old granddaughter for Christmas so she hasn't gotten it yet.  But my own review is that this drum is made very nicely, looks and feels like a 'real' as opposed to a 'toy' drum.  It came with two tom tom sticks, also very nice quality.  I think this was a real bargain.
8310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looked like new but the buzzer is iffy, perhaps a blessing.
2291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was the original story from 1960, the elf is large, dressed nicely, really cute, the book and illustrations very well done, the box stores nicely to enjoy year after year
Otherwise it's awesome.  Though I would like a second option for a GM screen art style - perhaps a landscape of mountains, rivers, lakes, forests, ruined castles, and the like just to give a nice 'fantasy world' backdrop.  The characters are really cool... except the Chris Angel 'I'm gonna get all MINDFREAK on your PCs!' wizard guy.  He's pretty silly.
8698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids and adults can't put this ball down. It's interesting and fun. ( a good fidget toy)

2804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Groovy
4011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Overall this is a great addition to Arkham Horror and every other expansion set they've ever made.  It's basically just more cards for everything.  I understand that with the big board expansions (Innsmouth, Dunwich & Kingsport) Miskatonic actually increases the odds of drawing an open gate at these boards.  That's good news as the biggest problem with those boards is that you could have potentially finished a whole game without ever visiting those boards.  Um, this comment is for all you veterans.
So if you intend on buying this game because you love the I Spy books, you'll be able to enjoy it similarly. However, you'll be getting the additional game of a slightly more challenging memory match, which is great.
It is bigger than I expected - but I didn't look at the dimensions - so I was surprised but my daughter loves that it is so big! She had a wonderful time opening it into a pillow and then closing it again with the velcro strip.
After much practice my 8 year old was able to get the muscles, bones and organs in place but he could never get the 2 clear body halves snapped together on his own.

I did email the manufacturer to complain about the bad graphics but other than that, we are satisfied!
6682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun puzzle game for at home or in the car on a trip.
This is very similar to Apples to Apples except that there are many questions on one card and you can have endless answers. This is a great game for the family!
9794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My three-year-old loves these, he is obsessed with Easter eggs! Very good value, the only improvement would be if the carton were easier to open.
Summary- This is a great game if you need something between heaver games.  It's good in its own right, but you won't get the two hour experience of a deep fantasy world.  That doesn't make this game bad in any way, but it's something to consider.  However, if you want to play a game that has about 1 minute of set-up and you're then you're in the middle of things, this is an awesome game.  The "realist" economy makes this game a fun puzzle, and the different races and fluff on the cards does bring you into the world of the game.  Even with having to put some stickers on wood, this is a great, quick game. 90%
9538	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love this game. Had to chat with an Amazon customer service rep and they were fantastic!
411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	hours of fun for the whole family.
9556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great experience for children! Would buy again.

1528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my 6 year old nephew. He truly believed that he was being watched during the Holiday Season.
Since all of the tiles are done with symetric, equal squares for the grid, everyone of the sets is geomorphic.  You can use the wilderness set with the city set to create a park in a city.  You can use the dungeon set with the wilderness set to create a gothic, evil clearing.
3. Get dealt a new set of three destination cards, keeping at least one.
2432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These little things were fun.
109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game--like Uno but with meaningful (therapy) content.
4978	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tricky to figure out the rules and play it properly but we have had great success in playing it with friends and our son and his wife.  It is a strategy game as opposed to knowledge, which makes it more enjoyable for those who don't like trivia games.  Great to teach colors, shapes, and sorting, too, and there is a Qwirkle Jr. for children.
6924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was never interested in this game and passed it by for years, as it reminded me of those sliding number puzzles I had decades ago where you mix up the numbers and try to get them back in order.
Cons: Can be repetitive
9817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality item for the price - purchased for school carnival prize.
9916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Took it to the beach for naps for my 9 month old granddaughter. Worked well for a changing zone (less movement due to fewer distractions). My daughter sat inside to nurse her because of fewer distractions when inside. We did set it under a canopy to keep temps down. Easy to set up and take down.
I'm not a big fan of the tuner cars rules, but my kids love them, and if it gets them interested, more the better!!


6930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The object is to get the red car out of a traffic jam in this easy-to-learn, but tricky puzzle.  There are four difficulty levels, from beginner to expert, and would suit anyone willing to try it.  Trucks and cars must be pushed out of the way to get the red car out.  It's unlikely that you'll find this too easy; the expert ones are really tough.  If you're stuck, look on the back of the card to see the solution.  In summary, I think this is a good and fun way to flex your mental muscles.


3421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really good face painting book that I wanted to add to my library. This is the first step of learning more about face paintinbg and I'm glad I found this book on line.
8000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item!
205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The classic Acquire doesn't get old, and it packs quite a punch for its price tag. It's a shame that Monopoly and Life have become synonymous with mainstream boardgames when this title was still around.
7970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift
7467	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Definitely not the same quality as when I was a kid. The people are very flimsy, thin cardboard, and the spinner broke after one use.

7404	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this game because the box looked cute and it had won two awards.  What a waste of money it was!  It is essentially a game of war - you scream and slam your hand on top of the pile if the cards happen to be flipped over in a certain combination (two of the same next to each other ("a double decker") or two of the same cards on either side of a different card ("a slamwich").  There is absolutely no educational value to this game, it's just a game that will have your kids yelling and arguing about who won a particular slam.
  - You have "tickets" telling you which cities your trains need to connect in order to earn points, if at the end of the game, the connection isn't completed, you get a negative point value for that "ticket".
6543	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	As with most games, the new generation has build quality problems which distract from gameplay.

6224	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was a gift


1697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love our elf on the shelf! Came with the cute story and was in perfect condition.
2807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very thin material.  I did not realize it was a puppet.  I thought it was a stuffed animal.  I guess I should have read the description a little more closely.  Cute, but thin.
1330	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  Really highlights the idea of simplicity and fun.  Sure there are more complicated board games around, but this one you can pick up in 30 minutes and teach to an 8 year old.  By the end of the hour, you will feel like you are racing to build your train route across the United States while competing with your opponent.  There's a reason this game is so good.  Children love it, Adults love and you will too. Not sure about all the others, but this is the one that started it all.

2906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it goes great with the book, and my son has it in his bed with him every night! love it
- Quality of the game is not bad. The plastic and board are good quality
6449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Second one I bought for grandchildren great product
4178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	BIG!
8432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this game three years ago. Upon opening it, I slumped when I saw all the pieces to it. I was even more dissappointed when the only instructions in our box were in Spanish! So--on to the shelf it went and I promised the kids we would play it "another time". Reading the reviews of what a beating it is to put together, how the game itself is not fun, etc. only helped to deter my motivation in playing it.
This is my second elf for my second child, more so I can give them each their elf when their adults for their family traditions.
1303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have been looking at this for a long time but just never bought.  We finally did.  The game play is quick which keeps things moving and interesting and there are enough options to need some strategy.  My six year old even understands the game play and works through his own strategy to win the game.  We also have a family of five, so thankfully this works perfectly for us.
A three player game lasts between 10-20 minutes and we usually start we 20 letters.  15 for four player games.

4750	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loved this kit.



10 years later, our Cozy Coupe is still in great condition and providing hours of fun for a younger sister.

4280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Be sure to brush up on your Monty Python before you play this version of the Fluxx card game! It would really help to watch at least one Monty Python movie first, as there may be a couple of times you'll have to sing a song or recite lines of dialogue. And if you or ANY of your fellow players don't know anything about Monty Python, forget it. Simply choose another version of Fluxx, because playing Fluxx is supposed to be fun for everybody. Note that this Fluxx version is for a slightly older age range and will likely take a bit longer than other versions just because of the Monty Python aspects and the inevitable arguments that will take place as to whether "Ni!" is actually a line of dialogue. ;-)
Basically it's a memory game. Each player gets four cards facedown. They get to look at two of their cards, but don't know what the other two are. Most of the cards are numbered 0-9, but there are a few special cards that let you peek, trade a card, or pick two. Each turn you either take from the draw pile or from the discard pile. You MUST trade that card with one of your existing cards, discarding it for the next person to consider. The goal is to get the lowest score. When you think you have the lowest, at the END of your turn you knock on he table and say "Rat-A-Tat-Cat". Everyone turns over their cards and the lowest score wins.

The organs are made up of a similar material to these&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sticky-Hands/dp/B0019IAZ3Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sticky Hands</a>, so expect them to be squishy and to pick up dirt easily. However, they do wash up well with soap and water. The squeezablity of the organs seems to be the biggest draw to the toy among the kids.  It really gets them interested and asking questions about the human body.
Cons:  Take longer to set up than drawing out a map on a Chessex battlemat.  That's my only complaint.
2. Objective Sets. The objective sets are modeled directly after things in the Star Wars universe, and allow you to build interesting decks. Each Objective card has 5 cards that go with it. By choosing 10 objective sets you have a ready to play deck of 10 objective cards and 50 cards that make up a command deck of units and abilities. This mechanic makes the game flexible, yet not too confusing.
Get cards that you predict will make the train route the whole way before the game is over.
5925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Two giant stone doors tower before you, covered in moss, vines and deep battle scars from ages gone by. Upon further inspection, a dank smell permeates the air as you approach the doors. The smell of death, decay and something not quite right makes your parties skin crawl. With a word, your wizard opens the doors to complete darkness and the unknown is tugging at your senses. The wizards staff lights up, the warrior moves in first, one member after another. What will you find in the Dungeon? Why is the hair standing up on the back of your neck? Why is there a giant red scale on the ground before you? Do you have the metal to brave Dungeon Roll?
5634	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
7863	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Really small.
The goal of the game is to advance through the board. When you fall into a "build" square, you put one extra piece of the mousetrap. Near the end of the game, the trap is complete, and then it comes the time to trap the mouses! The last one to get trapped wins.
6313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm an avid pokemon collector of all sorts. Cards. Pokedolls. Games. Etc. Lapras is one of my favorite ice types. It looks like a chibi baby version of it. So cute!!
- another good way to introduce math to kids


The entire set of essential tiles are fantastic!
582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played this at my son and daughter-in-laws, liked it so well had to find it and buy it.
9247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandaughter keeps very busy with this unique toy.  She's 14months and I know this is not in her age group, but, with supervision it gives together time and keeps her little mind going.
5071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Teen kids weren't interested at first since it looked too simple, and they liked to be challenged.  It was both easier and harder than we thought and a lot of fun.
1844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter really enjoyed this for Christmas this year. Comes with a book that you can read to the kids.
7526	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, well made, easy to read buttons!

6366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Made my wife the most popular and interesting person at work.  Excellent.
If you're shopping for a beginner's or instructional set, congratulations, you've found the one to buy.
4524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has taken our family by storm.  Everybody enjoys it - from 7 to 70.  It is not, however, a game that lends itself to conversation - way too intense and fast-moving.  We now have a number of them, and play tournament-style when the number of participants permits.
5884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have the kickstarter version which is identical to this one except that it contains a few additional cards and one extra dice.
Solo or with friends this game is awesome! It always is action packed and there isn't hardly any down time at all.

7471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	grandson loved it, and it came fast!
1392	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephew (14) suggested this game for my son (7).  It couldn't have been a better suggestion.  Our son loves trains and understand math well enough to enjoy this game.
4417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
5929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun quick game for a couple of people!  If too many people play it can get very boring waiting for you turn to come around.
9770	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The first day owning this toy my daughter suggested from the back seat that there was an error in the facts.  Sure enough, the top left button, which should read 1x1 = 1, in fact reads 1x2 = 1.  The button to its right does read correctly, 1x2 = 2.  My 8 year old caught the mistake.  I've posted pictures above to show you this error.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stratego/dp/B0019L5ZZY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stratego</a>
I'm lazy so I haven't decided if i'm returning this or just sourcing a bag and getting instructions off the Internet, but think twice before buying this SKU of this game

1564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this elf.
*Ice Analyzer (0.5)  *Ichi 2.0 (3)  *Inti (3)
The premise of the game is that the players represent wizards caught in a maze, and only one can survive.
5942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like good art, good theme, & a small footprint, this the the game for you. It has some "take that" moments as you maybe placing your dock worker on a shop that someone wants to use. It plays fast, is easy to learn, & it is small package with endless amounts of fun. The different buildings you can use or buy changes from game to game so replay is very high.
3378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I originally purchased the Encyclopedia of Immaturity V1 for my nephew but it was such a hit with both adults and kids that it ended up making the rounds instead. When Volume 2 came up for sale I knew I had to get it but wasn't sure if it would "make the cut". So often it seems the first volume is the best and the rest is just added on to ride on the fame of the original. No so with this one!
3283	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Actually, my biggest disappointment was that they really didn't fix the Lurker herald.  Sigh.  They just added more reckoning cards and some of them are pretty deadly.  But what they really needed to do was to fix and reprint the Lurker Herald card.  Oh well, maybe next time.
5143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Introduced to this game by a child, we have come to love it.
(4) Spice Runner, a level 1 non-unique pilot that costs 16 points.
After all the answers are in (the Judge gets to decide if answers are duplicates - you can't have those - and who got their answer down first), the Judge secretly picks the answer they like using the Select-o-Matic 5000, which sounds a lot more sophisticated than it is. (It's a spinner that doesn't spin very well - which is how it's supposed to work.) Then the rest of the players quickly lay their bets (each has two betting chips) on the answer or answers they think the Judge will pick.
8201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the classic version so happy amazon had it in stock.
6659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game and simple for kids to play.  Our only criticism is that it requires a little bit of strength to push the plastic dome to pop the dice.  Our 4 year old struggles with it and it makes an obnoxious noise every time you pop it.  We would actually recommend the game SORRY as a better choice but we like variety for our family game night and the kids like this one too.
1736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item to have around Christmas.  Adds a little Christmas Cheer
808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my step-son and his wife. They love it.  Found out my 74 year old mother and her 83 year old friend also have this game and play it often!
9953	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The price keeps soaring along with the butterflies!  I've purchased these kits for our kindergarten class for at least the past 10 year but based on the increase this year - Caterpillars went from $5 to $7.95 and the kit went from $12 to $19.99 - we will do more of a Do-it-Yourself Science project.  It's definitely not worth that price!
9450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 5-year old enjoys playing this game. It's a fun (and more advanced) spin on the traditional memory game. I love how it's a collaborative game, so you don't have to keep playing round after round to ensure everybody feels like a winner.
4277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fluxx is a ridiculous card game that I always keep in my purse.  Waiting for your dinner at a restaurant on a busy Saturday night?  You might just look over to see my husband and I playing a quick game of the original Fluxx while we're waiting for our meal!  Monty Python Fluxx is a fun way to incorporate one of our favorite TV/movie franchises into our card game ritual.  However, it's unlikely we'll be taking this one out and about, though we do play it weekly at our home.
Anywhere from 2-5 players can play.
7009	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Awesome idea for pretend play but the buttons get stuck making it very difficult for my 7 year old to open the register.

NOTE 3:  It says 13 and up but anyone who can read can play; it's not like the questions are at all 'adult' in nature.
6565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Favorite for the grandchildren
There's a section on how the various "laws" work to the advantage and disadvantage of the characters of the Dresden Files books, and the various factions directly involved in and with them.
4386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game! It is kinda like scrabble, but not. Everyone has their own tiles and has to spell words as quick as possible. It's a great game for kids in jr high/high school as well as adults.
5472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife is a Twihard and absolutely loved this "Sceneit?" game based on the three Twilight movies.  If you don't like the Twilight movies obviously you won't like this game.  For the die hard and even casual Twilight fans I think you will find it a lot of fun.  You don't need to really read the books to have fun with this game in my opinion, just need to have watched the movies.  Overall a lot of fun.
1316	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very entertaining and strategic board game. Great for ages 9 and up, for ages 8 and younger, it is difficult as the true concept of the game may be a tad complex.
 Whats not to Like?
9509	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The assembly instructions are unclear and I could not get this thing to look right

3373	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Exodus Expansion of Battlestar Galactica adds some very nice elements to the overall game. In addition to getting additional character cards, this expansion also brings some nice ways to subtly change your gaming experience. There are additional cards for the destiny deck, the skill decks, and there is a new role card for a special position (the chief pilot or CAG). There are 3 different expansion scenarios to spice up the type of game that you are going to play. While you wouldn't want to throw them all together they really help to ramp up a game that you may be getting bored with. There are elements from this expansion that you can add into almost any game of Battlestar that you want to play. I highly recommend it but I would say to get the Pegasus Expansion first.
one negative about the packaging is with Dany, they put a twisty tie around her waist, and it was really tight and it cut into her rubber/soft plastic dress and leaves permanent dents, which isn't horrible, but its a let down.

There are a bunch of track you can buy for the game, and there are also some user created ones you can find if you search the interwebs.
I read the negative reviews and simply cannot identify with their criticisms... particularly that adults won't like it.  My husband and I LOOOVE to play against each other and get quite competitive - glancing at each other's words to ensure correct spelling and propriety, speeding up, reworking existing words... In fact, we were introduced to this game by a group of older adults at a family summer camp.  While the children played soccer, we sat at a table and raced to beat each other!

The components, especially the dice, are great quality. The use of Roman numerals for tokens may seem gimmicky, but it has a precedent in RPGs: you can codify, say, the number 9 with just 'IX' rather than a 5 and four 1s. When several people are playing, that can be useful.
9910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My one year old loves eggs, so when I found this I thought it would be a great toy for her.  And I was correct, she took to it right away.  She loves her eggs and has hours of fun taking them apart and putting them back together.  It helps her with her colors, matching skills, and shapes.  Also, it helps her with her hand eye coordination.
9481	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband bought this for our 2 year old and she loves it, makes a wonderful sound that's not irritating, it's actually very nice to listen to. Only problem is that our daughter uses it on occasion as a step stool or a seat, which it's definitely not meant for, so watch the little ones!

6094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pros: Educational value for kids is great, Beginner to advanced game play, Well themed game, 10 PLAYERS.
1070	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	By far my favorite game

PLAY
9846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	super fun, durable and lots of hours of fun!
I echo other reviewers who say the readout is difficult to see.  The contrast is so low that it is hard to see in regular room light.  This is a big deal when you're looking for the decimal point.  "1.5" looks like "15"  This really frustrated the girls because they were trying to add up the purchases.
7285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fine
3479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really didn't expect this to be THIS sturdy, despite the reviews.  I figured this to be a thick cardboard screen... but it really is like a good hardcover book cover.  The only way it would have been sturdier is if it was wood or plastic!
2777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I  bought two of these for stocking stuffers.  So cute!!  Seems to be good quality.
4464	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, lots of fun
1020	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids love this game. hours and hours of fun for them.
7715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I used to love it and now my kids do!
6828	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  We got it a few years ago.  I recommend this for the whole family, ALL AGES 7 and up.  Some of the very complex puzzles are VERY, VERY hard, but all the better for figuring out the series of moves needed. Very fun.


2507	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Very small. I was hoping it would swivel. Guess I should have done my homework??
1273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my most favorite games.  It's easy to learn, different, and has a perfect combo (imo) of strategy and luck.
4558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift for my daughter (16) and she enjoyed it enough to take back to school with her, which says a lot because she likes things minimal. Great distraction.
2787	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	returnded it. pete's body has no filling at all.
7883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good
6408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got YD (for short) in the mid 2000s. Back then, you got the gold dice with white dots. From what I've read, they now have reddish or pink dice, which I would hate. The tray and padded cup add to stepping up the Yahtzee experience. You also get eight chips that you get for scoring more than one Yahtzee. I usually just give them to players if they get any Yahtzee at all.
5672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Probably my favorite version of Fluxx.  I love the sci-fi flair it has.

8296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game.  Brightly colored, sturdy pieces for the game, sturdy box to store it in also.
4796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson uses it for his homeschool science. It does have numerous small parts, but he has kept up with them so far. He sent me a thank you note saying how much he liked it.
2983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are beyond adorable and very high quality.  They match the monkeys from the books, which makes it extra fun to play with them!
They turned themselves into a cocoon. One fell down early, so 8 left.
1464	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got hooked on this game and every time we take it to a game night with friends that have not played it before, they buy it as well.  The only drawback is that there is a player limit of 5 which limits us when we have two other couples over for game night.

1693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable and my granddaughter loves it!
Normal games are about 15 minutes.
4527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a stocking stuffer and it was a huge hit!  What a great little game to keep at the house or use for travel.  Can be played with several different players.  Great idea!!

539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game!
I really enjoy this game because it has a lot of different strategies that you can use, but is not so complicated that it's exhausting. Even if you're losing, it's still SO fun to play and you really don't know that you are losing until the end of the game anyway.
939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun and I loved the quality! Highly recommend
6146	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves it

6368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves toting around her Curious George tin box packed with her favorite toys. I always have to open it for her because her little hands aren't yet strong enough to flip the latch. It is very sturdy and takes a lot of abuse from a two-year old swinging it around!


Theme-This game has a decent theme, but I don't think it oozes out of every pore.  The different ways to capture planets have diverse enough mechanics that you do feel you're doing something different when you do them. The art brings you into the game universe as you play cards.  However, the game doesn't really hammer you over the head with space conquest.  It's very subtle. 3.5/5
6328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My girlfriend loved them, though their are some of them that had a slightly off paint job, I don't think that's the sellers fault.
2559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves loves loves this adorable book!  And as a nice added bonus, because doctor is mentioned repeatedly in the book, she no longer is afraid of the doctor!  Apparently she thinks of the silly monkeys every time we go to the doctor now, and instead of hiding, she now talks to the doctor about all the silly monkeys!  This is a fun book to read, we truly enjoy it and my husband and I take turns reading it to her.  If it is still in one piece by the time our son is old enough to enjoy it, we'll be reading it to him as well.  I highly recommend this book!
4248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pretty fantastic if you like Fluxx and Monty Python it's a must.
Adds a little bit of magic to little ones minds and makes Christmas and Santa Clause very exciting for them.
4678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesome
5158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I wanted to find a game that the WHOLE family could play. This fits the bill.  Rules are elegant in its simplicity.  My youngest (6yr) is not at a huge disadvantage against older siblings.  Also there is no theme that appeals only to any specific sibling.  Average game ~ 20 min: not too short or long.

8540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is totally fun game to play with kids. They have easier way to play for easier kids. Kids had lots of fun playing!
5463	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun enough to play, especially when you're feeling nostalgic. It goes by too fast and doesn't last long enough. Not very exciting, but was able to enjoy reminiscing for a little while.
6280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is super cute and looks just like the picture. I ordered Umbreon, Espeon, Leafeon, Jolteon, Glaceon, Flareon, and Eevee. I would have ordered Vaporeon as well, but at the time Vaporeon was not available.

541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Publisher:  Set Enterprises Inc.
If you are a fan of Back To The Future or have a friend who is, this is a great way to introduce them to the world of card games.  My friend and I read through the rules once and were off and playing within five minutes of opening the box.  After one play through we had grasped how the game was played and started developing our own strategies.  The layout of the game might make it seem intimidating (you must layout a series of 24 events detailing the story line), but this is deceptively simple and not at all hard to grasp.  If you're familiar with the story, your actions and goals will naturally make sense.  If you're into card games, this is a different approach that sets the products apart from games like Fluxx or Munchkin.  If you're not familiar with the movie or the game, you've found an easy way to take your first step into each world!
Mentioning that it is my 3rd one..... the one black lead end with the indicator is long enough that you do need to be a tad bit careful to NOT sit on it.  It does not break easily - it is really quite tough - but it can be broken and usually does break in the middle at the glue joint between the black handle and the clear lens areas.  I fixed one by merely epoxy gluing it all together solidly.... 10+ years later it is still working perfectly.  This is better than my "Wiggy" in that it is much lighter in weight, does not fill up my pouch, and works just as well in most situations, so my Wiggy just sits in it's pouch most of the time.  I bought my Wiggy over 30 years a go and it still looks like brand new since I have these to use so easily.  Buy with confidence and enjoy!

2397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A perfect addition to your Elf on the Shelf!
967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great replay ability. Fun for everyone. Easy to learn. Lots of fast action, depending on the players.
5121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Qwirkle is the new popular game in my family.  I hadnt even heard of it, but both my parents and my brother and sister-in-law asked for it for Christmas.  Over the time I was there for the holiday, we played it quite a bit because it is lots of fun.
9487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great teaching tool and easy to travel with.
7997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Don't even think of buying a different cash register.  This one is perfect!  I love that it's solar powered and doesn't eat up batteries.  Well made, worth every cent.  Great present!

9005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandchildren love this game, and had worn out the old deck, so this was a great hit!

1345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic game to play with friends and family. Challenge scales from 2 people to 5. Even my little children got into helping out the adults play!

In conclusion, I think this game is a great buy for LOTR fans who enjoy a boardgame experience a little more invovled than the LOTR branded Monopoly and Stratego. In my experience, people tend to really enjoy the game once they pick it up.
2657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my girlfriend as a gift. They are really nice cards and are vintage! I like the look of them. I think they are more for a collection then to actually play with.
 - Layout of the room cards are non-nonsensical and are laid out in an arc? The secret room sometimes cannot be even entered, and this is a problem too.
5141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun little light tile placing game. The tiles can have one of six shapes in one of six different colors. On your turn, using tiles in your hand, you try to form a line of tiles that have either the same color or same shape. You score points for the number of tiles in the line(s) you create. It's a very simple abstract game that is easy to teach and play. Play goes fairly quickly.
All told, "A Game of Thrones: The Board Game" is just a thrilling adventure that will provide hours of entertainment with each game.  Check it out- after all, "Winter is Coming!"

3788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this card game recently and just had a chance to play it with a friend. Be prepared to struggle through the rules a little bit the first couple of games.
8389	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Worst game ever invented for a parent.  Setting it up and getting it to actually work is a nightmare.  My son and his friends do not care about playing the actual game.  Just setting off the trap.  The game always ends in arguments and as a result needs a parent referee.
927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love ticket to ride! My 6 year old will play with me, but I do have to help him with where the cities are. He has fun figuring out how he is going to get his train there. I give him easier train tickets and we only do 1 at a time so that it's not too overwhelming.
8830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 15 month old.loves this!!
Club Fantasci Scoring (Based on scale of 10):
5569	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this at lunch all the time...I would recommend adding in the extra roles you can find online...super fun even without them
2571	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great book.  I ordered one for my house and one for my grandson who lived in Hawaii.  We had so much fun reading it the month we were there that I went home and copied the pages and pasted them in a recordable book that I didn't like.  It covered the pages except for the holes that have to be open in order to record and it looked really great. Our grandson had a great time listening to it.

When first powered on, nothing worked, so checked the battery, took out, put back in and tightened the battery cover.  Then it seemed to work ok.  Where do we find these batteries?  Not  easily found.  Couldnt give 5 stars because of the way the drawer opens with force where the coins fly out, and the Ca Ching sound isn't really there...more like a banging clanging sound.
- The game is simple enough for my 4-year-old to understand (as long as I explain him)
8988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old son has advanced rapidly in just two days of playing with this.  He is describing and building complicated gear layouts that incorporate gears of different sizes and gears at different angles to one another.  Very nice!

6978	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	7 year old daughter loves it. Exactly as described.
475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun game for adults and older children
807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our go to family board game.  Ages 40, 13,11.  Fun and can be completed in less than an hour.  Like any board game reading the instructions the first time can be a daunting task, but well worth the effort.
4423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Few tiles we not perfect but great game.
for miles and miles

9588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very Pleased. Good Seller!!!
6817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this the first time about 45 years ago and played it for hours and hours with my brothers.  The game hasn't changed much except its now in a cheesy plastic case that I seem to fumble around a lot for the pegs, and don't remember doing that at age 12-13, but whatever.  Its fun, it makes you think, and its a one on one game.
1064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game and everyone who has played has caught on quickly (except for one person who is elderly).  Game has a good replay value since the destination cards you receive are random each game.  There is also an expansion for this that would make the game more fun as well since it offers more destination options.  I like that when we play the first person out ahead isn't always the one that wins, strategy and luck are important in winning.
2192	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a white elephant gift and I think it'll be enjoyed well!
Trying to describe gameplay is difficult since one of the fun elements of the game is that the winning conditions (Goal) are unknown before the game starts. Not only this, but the rules of the game change as New Rule cards are played.
8414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm reintroducing this game to my boys and my niece (my sister and I used to play this when we were kids.)  We had so much fun setting it up - it brought back so many memories.  And we really enjoyed watching our kids see it all work for the first time.  They were amazed.  And even though they are under the recommended age of 6 - they were able to set it up and make it work on their own after the first few times.
4726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	"The Man" as our five year old calls him, is a favorite toy.  For young children, a parent will have to be there to make sure the organs and muscles and bones are able to be attached as they are intended.  All in all, a very good educational product.
1182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun family game.
5447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased one as a gift for my Niece and then decided to get myself one. It's fun to play, It has more choices than the other versions of scene it.

4880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has amazing dots to see what kind of animals the pictures are once you have them put together, which makes it more interesting each time.
8128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son was so excited to get this. Just like the original. He is 4 and just had to have it after playing with it at his cousins house. So glad Amazon revived the original. The new kid version look terrible.
The only way we got a "flight" was to mix the chemicals and push the stopper in as hard as we could, allowing the rocket to launch while holding the stopper.  The result of course of a shirt covered with vinegar and baking soda.


~The Rebecca Review
The first deck is a reworking of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Savage-Worlds-Action-Deck-GWG10003/dp/1930855605/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Savage Worlds: Action Deck (GWG10003)</a>&nbsp;(which you can find listed under the "Books" section of Amazon.com). This deck would be used primarily to decide initiative in combat scenes during a game of Savage Worlds, and also to determine the outcome of the vital first round of a High Noon-style duel in Deadlands:Reloaded.
6261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to compete against my friend's Axial AX10 Ridgecrest build. We both had 500$ to create the world's best trail truck. I bought some Hot Bodies "Rover" tires (the wheels are beadlocks), a Novak Terra Claw 35 turn motor, changed the gearing to 18/91, changed the plugs from tamiya to deans, put on the "soft" springs in the front with 1 height spacer on each side, in the rear Team Associated long green springs with 3 height spacers on the left, 1 on the right for torque twist, Modded the battery tray to take 2s LiPos, got a LiPo cutoff beeper, a Traxxas 2075 servo, and shimmed all of the diffs. The only problem with this car is that the driveshafts take set stews instead of pins to hold them to the diffs, which made them fall of ALL THE TIME. I CA glued them to the diffs and the problem ceased to exist. The ESC is really bogged down with 6 cell NiMh. I have ran this car through water, mud, grass, rocks, trails, trees, and downtown, and it preforms out of it's league every time. I put $250 into this and got a better truck than my friend's Ridgecrest. His car however did fall 200 feet down a cliff and didn't break or pull out any screws. What a lucky little kid....... :)
4359	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I play this with the kids
4303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for people looking for a fast-paced, mildly intellectual game. I'm not a huge fan of all the banana terminology you have to use in the game but it is called bananagram, so you have to kind of expect it.
Overall, it's incredibly simple to care for this kit, the caterpillars, chrysalises, and butterflies.  What an inexpensive and fun way to engage with young children and teach them to really appreciate the beauty of nature!

3155	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Both our Kids one and three years old LOVE these buckets. They play with them just about every day. They are sturdy, fun, educational and affordable. A great purchase, highly recommended.
2583	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is NOT overpriced, & to another reviewer, it's written '$5' or '$5.00', NOT '5$'! This should have more stickers & less coloring pages.
This review is for the hardback first edition of The Dresden Files RPG: Volume 2: Our World.
Great game!


My kids hate the game. They hate the buzzer, and they hate the tiny parts that get lost in the carpet. They hate the premise. There is no educational value in this game other than learning to count money or learning that specialists get paid exorbitant amounts of money, even more than "regular" doctors.
670	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to play as a family! We play in the car and it keeps the kids busy and thinking!
1818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Most items bought are to make life easier and if that's your thought too, this is not the product for you. This item will cause undue stress on a daily basis thoughout the Christmas season. You will spend a fair amount of time on Google and Pinterest every single day. You will then reject the majority of "ideas" for your new family member as either way too time consuming or because you do not own a craft store located within your house. On Christmas Eve, your kids will cry because Elfie leaves. You've been warned.
2403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Expensive but made the little one happy
6409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The plastic frame that upgrades this to "deluxe" isn't really necessary or well-made, but otherwise, no complaints at all. Love Yahtzee! It's fun for kids from 9 to 99!
1922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such an awesome item and a great tradition to start with your family.  It is amazing what you can do with your imagination to create a wonderful experience for your child.
4856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved it.
 That said, it appears to be a well-designed game with a challenging theme: be a better criminal tan the other players.
Did I forget to mention that this game is good?!
7152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old daughter loves this. Nice and sturdy and doesn't require batteries!
3414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent paintings, they wear well and are easy to clean at the end of the day


422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This contraption is fantastic.  The book has some great ideas and such but my son loves to just take it all apart and make different shapes with it.  Each piece is outfitted with a positive or negative magnet so they don't all fit together but it's fun to get a few and mess around with.  It's been thrown on the floor just in an attempt to reassemble.  Truly a fun toy that keeps his hands entertained when he's thinking.
You can vary the level of difficulty by keeping your tiles face up or down.
As to resolution, 1080 is the current high-end standard (eliminating 720 models).  For true high definition, the choice is progressive not interlaced.  Thus my field was flat-panel 1080p LCD HDTVs.
6012	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I tried out this game with the other residents of my senior citizen complex, and it just isn't for us old geezers.  The instructions are quite complicated.  I do think those in their 40's and younger will get a kick out of this.  It's just not for us old geezers.
5685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game with my cousins last year, and fell in love with it. So I bought me a deck of my own. At first the game can be a little confusing and intimidating, but once you learn the rules, the game can be quite fun, and addicting. It definitely fuels competition between friends lol. A great addition to this game, is the use of surprise cards, gives the game a edge and keeps players on their toes. Just because you think you will win, doesn't mean you will (wink). Compared to the other Fluxx games I've played, in my opinion Star Fluxx is the best, the game hits the sweet spot between intense and easy going. One game you could have a long intense show down, or a casual easy going game.
but it..you won't regret it.
2116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband ran across Elf on the Shelf on Amazon and decided to get it and start a new tradition for our son's first Christmas. Although my son is only 5 months old and doesn't understand the tradition yet, he still gets really excited when he sees the elf in a new location everyday. And he loves looking at the great illustrations in the book. I think this will be a wonderful tradition that we will continue for years to come.
5334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time any of our friends and family have seen this game. It intrigued me enough to buy it. So far, we've played in one time and once we got the idea of the game, it was really fun to play. The shapes and colors are really nice and bright so we're going to play this game in a modified fashion with our 3 grandchildren. Boys 7 and 5 and our little princess at 2 1/2 years old. They'll be able to match shapes and colors and will have a great time with us. There won't be many rules for them to understand as we'll match them to their level of understanding. Now I've run across a new form that uses blocks which will make the game more complicated in puzzling our way to win. Will eventually get it, too, but right now this game is THE one we'll enjoy as we teach more friends and family how to play. Great game. Just buy it, especially if you like puzzles or Dominoes. Fun for all ages regardless of what the box age states.



Scoundrels of Skullport is actually two separate expansions in a set, as represented by two new locations added to the game. One is The Undermountain that includes new spots for your Agents to use and a good number of Quest cards and Intrigue cards that really up the ante. Undermountain is a realm that offers great riches for warriors who are brave enough to risk all. Then there's the titular Skullport, which offers new ways to gain power quite quickly but at the cost of corruption.
4117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Makes Imperial Assault run so much smoother having a second set of dice
5390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can totally see why this game was endorsed by Mensa. I bought this for my 5-year old's birthday and we just opened the box. The pieces are very nicely made, and feel high quality. It took some time teaching my son how to play the game, but he eventually picked up the basics. While it is a simple concept, there are definitely strategies that can be enacted to make this game more complicated and technical than it looks. For this reason, I believe that it would be enjoyable for a range of ages, from 5 to 100+.
Don't let your children turn into me. hahahaha
As for me, I enjoy it because of the strategy element.  If I see one of the kids trying to make an obvious connection between two distant cities, for example, I may decide to make my own connections to block them. Players can't make connections over someone else's, meaning they have to make detours if they really wished to continue to make their original connection. Some city routes have dual connections to combat this. I enjoy the strategy of placing connections based on what my ticket cards require me to do without making it too obvious. Rather than form a long chain of trains, I'll place a connection here and a connection there so that my route isn't obvious until it is almost complete. By then, it's usually too late for anyone to block me.
5625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift, she said it was just what she wanted.
6832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for a game for our 5 year old who loves puzzles, and could travel well.  Turns out the whole family enjoys this!  Fun game, with varying levels.

7731	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Given as a gift and our granddaughter likes them.  Nice non-choking size and solid!
7932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of the cash registers, primarily for my oldest granddaughter, as she is obsessed with money. She played with it nonstop the first day she saw it. When it was time to go home, I knew she would be upset at leaving the cash register at my house, so I sent it home with her and bought a second one for my house. It has provided hours of playtime for my grandchildren. They love hitting the "open" button and watching the drawer slide open. It comes with a substantial number of coins and play bills so multiple children can enjoy playing. The cash register is sturdy with large keys for little fingers. I think this is a toy they will use for quite some time.
5791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this book for myself when I was recovering from a surgery that would keep me in bed for a long time. What a treat. The book is printed on high quality paper, the designs are wonderful with the only exception being Easter Island, and it's a very relaxing nostalgic pastime. The book was well worth the $9 I paid. I did two or three a day, first in pencil, then retracing with a black marker and boy did that make the pictures really pop! I have not colored mine yet but I can only guess they are even more beautiful that way. I love the international scenes. I will be very sorry when I finish the book. While there are other extreme dot to dot books published by this company, I am not as impressed as I am with these. Go for it and make the purchase. It really is fun!

SO FUN though.  What a great board game. And no, you don't need to be an expert in GoT to play, you just have to enjoy strategy board games.  The round limit ensures that you don't have to play for 10 hours to find a winner.  Gameplay is varied and fun, and all strategy based.  Very little luck at play.
2197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family LOVES this game!  We have 4 boys, aged 13 down to 7, and we all play it as a family, or the boys will play with just the 4 of them. It's very easy to learn and lots of fun!  Be ready for Hilarity!!
628	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good stocking stuffer.
3552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These were really cute, I got for a friend who loves owls. There were so many little sheets I decided to use these on the kids chore board. If they had a really good day, instead of the normal star stickers they got an owl instead. When the line was filled up with stickers, each sticker would represent something (little starts were worth  25 cents and the owls were worth a $1), they loved to see an owl on their line.
7051	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
4698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it...

Overall gameplay can either go quick, or drag on a long time depending on how the stack ends up. I've played games that have burned through near the entire deck with two players which gets boring and tedious to deal with, but most games are pleasant.
1608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	product was delivered on time and met expectations.
6579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son, and my husband and I ended up enjoying a few challenges with it too. It can be surprisingly difficult to figure out the puzzles as you get to the more challenging levels.
4955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this game for Christmas, and was immediately intrigued.  Our family plays a LOT of board and card games, and we're always on the lookout for new ones, as it seems we own at least one version of most games already.  So something new and quirky was a treat to find... and even better, we've had a lot of fun with this game, and have played it a LOT over the past few weeks.
Though it is fun that in this game scurvy is a communicable disease, both creepers are just too easy to be rid of and to be honest they might as well not be there. The game conceit had room for many more creepers in my opinion, so why the deck only has the two is beyond me.
Edited to add: We ended up returning the 2nd one and getting a 3rd one (thanks, Amazon!) because my son really had his heart set on this thing working. I'm happy to say that the THIRD one was the charm! This one was actually packaged differently than the other two were; the box was wider with a slightly different presentation and it seems like it was produced slightly differently. Most importantly, this one's shell actually fits together and stays together once all the part are inside it, so we are finally satisfied and my son is thrilled! I don't think I'll up the rating, though, since it took 3 tries to get a product that wasn't a hot mess, and I want people who are considering this product to be aware that there may be issues with the one they receive.

The general game play revoles around both players placing thier "fleet" on a 10 x 10 grid and then taking turns bombarding the other players fleet, attempting to find and sink all of their ships.
3628	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my oldest daughter, because she had started playing DND as well. I also bought her some dice to go with it. It is the same size as the one I got her brother. And I like the fact that I was able to find a different design, so we can tell their bags apart.
9697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a MUST have if your child plays with both cars and trains at the same time.  Fits nicely into the the Thomas and friends track system.  Kids play with it for hours!
My second caveat is that you have to have the special FFG dice to play the game, and you will need additional dice fairly fast.  If you are willing to invest a little capital in the game that is OK.  The existing components will take you through two to three sessions with some stretching.
6279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These little plushie are awesome. I got most of them as gifts and stocking suffers, but they are great any time of the year and great for all ages. It was a great buy :]
2918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much cuter than the finger puppets.
Rich
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Tile-Lock-Scrabble/dp/1223063151/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Tile Lock Scrabble</a>&nbsp;is a smaller, lighter version. Including the box, it weighs only a little more than a pound. Four small foam "feet" protect the surface of whatever you place the board upon.  Four tile trays, 100 letter tiles (same number as are included in Deluxe Scrabble) and a fabric tile pouch are included.
Definitely worth the money to had a little color and visuals to your rpg game.


5549	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a very basic version of Fluxx. There is only 4 creepers in the entire deck and 1 of them can be discarded if the other is in the discard pile. I've played rounds where we sent all 4 creepers to the discard pile within the first 5 turns. However, this is my girlfriend's favorite version because it is simple and cute. I find it being the one that we play most often as she becomes accustomed with strategy games. It is a solid starter that you won't be disappointed in.
5362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is hard to find a game for kids and adults to play together, but this game is great!  It is challenging and educational for kids.  I played it with a 5 year old and 8 year old and they both loved it and only needed a few reminders of the rules.  It teaches patterns, and is very fun.  It is really well made too, nowadays most things are so cheap but this game is wonderful.  A great game to purchase for a family!
6433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	OK
Danger Die, indeed.  More like, Mildly Concerning Die That Isnt Very Dangerous, but whatever.
1861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received what I expected. My whole family had fun with our elf.
Nominal.  While you do have to wait your turn, there is a possibility that the track you want to buy gets bought on someone elses turn.  If you pay attention you can make groans at the time they will pay off the most.
3277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, especially if you are into the show or the books.  Objectively, as euro style game, it is a lot of fun...beautiful components, and great characters....downside, is despite many play throughs and depending on the amount of people you are playing with, the game isn't as balanced as I would like it.  It feels authentic to the show and books....and if that is what you want, you won't be disappointed- but if you are objectively looking for the next best thing to add to your collection, there are better choices.
3083	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice
9330	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got two for grandchildren and as young as 10 months, these little guys love to drum and feel the rhythm.  I have the larger djemba and play with them.
8342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My boys are obsessed with this game
4219	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Being very experienced game players, my husband and I were surprised that we had to struggle to understand how to play Chrononauts. We are relieved to see that we're not the only reviewers who have found the instructions for this game to be overly complicated and confusing due to poor explanations. This game has a good concept but is in serious need of a professional editor!!! As a former professional game editor myself, I am appalled at the lack of clear directions and examples.
4511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Combined 2 games and played a massive Bananagrams game with friends.  Would definitely recommend this for grade school to adult 'word makers'!
3961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The dice arrived on time, packaged nicely. We liked that the destiny points came with them. We got them because in our current game (4 players and the GM) one set turned out to not be enough. Our rolls always needed one more yellow or one more green than we had. I would definitely recommend having two sets on hand. As a bonus, with two sets multiple players can roll for the same check at the same time which speeds up the gameplay considerably.
6101	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good controller for the price. The software sucked compared to Expensive simulators like Real Flight 7.5
6719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like we used to play, new vamped up colors, new pegs to move, but the same classic game. We have lost the little rubber feet pegs that are inserted into the bottom of the game board. But even without them, the game works great.
6002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Let me start by saying I am a Big SOA fan and was thrilled to get this game! It definitely didn't disappoint and I would not hesitate to spend the money on it. There are a lot of rules and may be difficult form some to understand but thankfully for those, there are YouTube videos that explain the game. Keep in mind this is not a game for children so if you're looking for a family night game this is NOT it! Otherwise I most definitely recommend this product.
4300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
4603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bananagrams is one of those games that's fun for kids, adults, grandparents, uncles, aunts, and cousins.  It's a fantastic game that spans the concept of a "recommended age" and provides not only an awesome fun time, but also can help develop spelling and word skills.
657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves this.....
7503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Solored powered! I love it. My kids and their friends always play with this. I bought it for 2/3 year olds, but 10 years play with it as well!! Calculator is nice too! Although not necessary, I eliminated the money, it looks fantastic. I have to double check coins on the floor if they're real or not.  :)
986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun, easy game. It is easy to play, which means not looking for directions every time you don't know what to do.

I use Fluxx to introduce my friends and family to the deeper world of board games. Its just nice to be able to share your hobby with others and not intimidate them. I am also a fan of sci-fi and the reference in Star Fluxx are nice little bonuses.
9913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought the cup of 10 along with the book "The Hungry Caterpillar" for my 3 year old.
4424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed to teach our granddaughter to spell new words.  It's a great teaching tool.
1249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant game.  Love it!

9967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun
3300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is fun, especially if you are familiar with the series.  Certain gameplay aspects are very creative, and really emulate the backstabbing diplomacy of the series.  But it is complicated, and doesn't work well with fewer players.  Gameplay gets slow and repetitive after a few games.
1267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this game gratis from ThinkFun via Tomoson.com
People who are used to planning a few moves ahead will take a little longer to truly enjoy this game since the constant changing can mess up all their forward planning, but once you accept this unpredictability as a challenge in itself, then you can have some real fun with Fluxx.
7215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun for young and old!  It has quickly become a holiday tradition to play this after dinners as a large group. We all get loud and laugh and have so much fun!  Everyone has been asking where we got it and they want it too.
Lots of Replay Value
Personally, I think the game is OK...I like it and I dislike it. I like it because the game has a Magic the Gathering vibe to it and is light to boot. There's enough variety in the cards to make things interesting. With that said, the cards you draw are random...if you end up getting a lot of crappy neutral spell cards with no attacks or interrupts, players can wail on you without you having much in the way of defending yourself. Personally, I drew a lot of interrupts so I was able to block attacks left and right but I didn't see a lot of attack cards, forcing me to make a run for treasures for my points. The random luck of the draw can ruin even the best wizard's day. By the same token, some players may enjoy the random chaos that comes from such a mechanic. This game would be best for players who aren't all that competitive and just enjoy a semi-casual dungeon battle. Young children may be confused and overwhelmed by the cards themselves and highly competitive players may get postal when random luck takes a dump all over their best laid plans.
3580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are so colorful and cute.  I used them for my daughters first birthday as party favors for an owl theme.  They were perfect!
3054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my Granddaughter absolutely loved this purple unicorn
I live in a retirement property, residents need be 55 and up, or disabled. When I received this game in today's mail, everyone present "wanted to play"! I hooked everything up to our 55" widescreen and some of us "dove right in", and now, 7 hours later, I finally packed everything up and have come home.....phew!
Dungeon Command Veterans: The creatures/order cards from this pack add lots of fun new elements to gameplay and strategy and match well with any of the other faction packs.  In our first game, we pitted the Orcs of this set versus the Undead.  There seemed to be a very nice balance between the power of both factions, playing them right out of the box without customizing warbands.  Now that we have all of the faction packs, I think we'll probably start doing some customization.
1080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great basic staple for anyone's tabletop collection. Ticket to Ride is not only fun, but also (somewhat!) educational for those of you who, like me, are not so good with basic geography. I like that you can keep score during the game (exercising those math skillz) using the border of the game board and that the scoring markers and train pieces are nice 3D tokens (wooden and plastic respectively), as opposed to the cardboard, 2D crap you see everywhere these days.
4998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sister brought this game on a family vacation.  My 5 year old grandson loves it - we do play a simplified version with him and don't keep score, but he enjoys the concept of the colors and shapes.  Eventually he will grow into the full game. So I had to buy my own game so that he could play at grandma's.
2633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 7 year son loved this kit. He immediately went to work on creating few postcards for his friends. The reason for the 4 star is that some of the techniques is bit hard for him to execute, like 3D lettering. It also takes some time do few words, so its not like you can type a letter in few minutes. Overall thought he was very happy with it and I would recommend this product.
8241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great game, I bought it for my 2 nieces for Christmas and they cannot stop playing with it. Everytime I come over to babysit them they bring this game out, it was awesome to play when I was a kid and now I can pass that same excitement on to them.
443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A very nice...and useful book...for making Quiddler an even more educational card game than it already was...

7688	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great toy for younger kids (my 4 year old likes to push the buttons) and for older kids (my 6 year old likes to count the money).  Was just a little disappointed that there wasn't a spot in the drawer for all the different kinds of bills - had to mix some of them together.
These are about 1 1/2 inches by 1 1/2 inches per sticker in size.
6022	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	GaleForce does a decent job of making board games of TV shows.  I'm a little torn on this one.  At the face level it seems fairly simplistic, the tokens look cool, there aren't a ton of pieces... but the rule book requires some good study, there's a lot to keep track of, particularly regarding throwdowns (fights with other players) and the after effects like heat (police pressure) and hospital (injuries from the fight).  We definitely spent way more than an hour the first time, making sure we had all the rules nuances accounted for, and learning strategy regarding interactions with other players.  That is probably my favorite aspect of the game, the trading resources and bribing other players to gang up on another player, and it helps to have more players in that regard.
As it is -- the locking tiles allow you to tilt the board at various angles (but not far past 45 lest the tiles start falling out).
Something to watch out for when colonizing a planet, don't embark on one that you don't have enough colonize cards for.  These cards get tied up with the planet card and you need on in your hand during the action phase to finally flip the planet over.  If they are all tied up there, youll never be able to seal the deal.  (ok, you can buy a research card, and wait for it to be shuffled into the deck and finally be picked up.) or you could just watch out for that sort of thing.  The warfare method doesnt tie up cards- being a bit safer.
7522	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Chutes and Ladders is an awesome game. A childhood classic that our toddler's grandparents even played. My issue with this version is nothing more than the quality of the board. The game is meant for 3 year olds. The board ripped after the first use while folding it to put back in the box. I would rather pay more and have a quality board. We ended up playing my in-laws 30 year old version instead.
7395	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this cash register sadly, all the keys when touched made a terrible annoying sound, and it was one of the cheaper cash registers but you could see why.
6243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pretty sweet , everything I hoped it would be , quality and attention to detail are great as well .

8205	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not the same as the original
6831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This held the grandkids' attention (5-10) for almost an hour.  The setup cards are numbered sequentially from easiest to hardest and what they learn about 1 solution carries over to the next.  Even though it's one player only....they worked together to find the solutions.  The parents all wanted one for Christmas!  Love it!
1820	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Remember, we are dealing with children whom deal in the moment of
5298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandchildren loved this game. It was an immediate hit with them, even though they differed in ages...ranging from six to nine. Works as a great FAMILY game.

3158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy is so great. We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and we are so pleased that we did. She loves it and it has become a part of her magical fairytale adventure! This is a great toy for kids to explore their imagination.
Fear no more, budding artists! The answers to all your lettering problems are here in this amazing little book by Klutz. You'll learn how to do different styles of lettering, how to color it, shade it, make it funky and fun!


OVERALL: If players can keep up with the rule changes and figure out what's in their hand, it becomes a fast game you can play several times in one sit down. No single person has an advantage as you can counter the moves of others and hope your draw of the cards is the right combination. We like it a lot!
7968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter plays wtih this and builds towers, very entertained.  The simplicity allows her own imagination to let loose, without all the bells and whistles to do it for her.  Every kid needs a good set of blocks, and as she gets older she can learn her letters, shapes, animals, and numbers with them.

2172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to Red Dragon Inn game
Pros- FUN toy for my 2 year old to learn shapes & matching them up together. Also great eye-hand coordination. So far, my daughter is loving it!
7994	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Game has been around for a long time and I was very satisfied with my purchase.  Highly ecommend this game.
If you've never tried a Scene It - it's a pretty straightforward board game along the lines of Trivial Pursuit (i.e. you roll the dice and get a certain category of question) - except that most of the questions are in the form of video clips.  The rules may seem somewhat complex the first time you play, but they're easily learned. Especially by kids.
4968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ok
We have a strict "not after 6pm" policy on this instrument!
4396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a gift for my mom because I hate scrabble (I always lose), and she loves scrabble. So naturally she loves this! You can play it with just one player so it is a fantastic game if you like games but can't get others to join you.
2515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I think it is a good idea to have some sort of a device to lock the Scrabble tiles in place.  Winning Moves did it by placing small posts on every corner/intersection on the board.  It doesn't lock it in a way that you can invert the board and the tiles remain attached like a gecko on the ceiling, but you can tilt in an angle or slightly nudge the board sideways but never bump it from the bottom or the tiles will fly everywhere.  I think Scrabble boards should spin like Lazy Susan but that is not always possible unless you get the more expensive boards.  The Tile Lock Scrabble at least spin better with the tiles staying in place when someone else's turn.
1151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	CLEVER game.  Not fast paced at all, but keeps your interest the whole time!  Excellent!

These stickers were perfect as Halloween treats for the class.

9735	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson has had so much fun with this tunnel and so have I!
556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I sent this game to my nephews and nieces in Germany for the rainy days during the summer vacation. They loved it! They didn't mention a language problem, so it must be a good choice even for non English speaking countries.
Dont let the wee ones touch it- ok, theyve played with the fighters and the 1/8 thick planet cards.  Ive bought two copies of the game so that up to 8 can play.  And I think- for an expansion that you should be able to scout neighbors planets and trade with them and attack them.  Add a card called planetary defense that lets you beef up defenses on a planet.  If you trade with a surveyed planet you get two points and put the good on their planet and they can sell it.
8515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  Our whole family has been playing this game!  It forces kiddos to use problem solving to come up with the lowest score.  They have to use their memory to remember what they have and the other players have.  They also need to keep score and tally the total of their cards.  This would be great for students k-3 as a classroom center, or for homeschoolers.  We have only had this game a few months and already the cards are starting to show how much we love this game!
The kit comes with an elf doll and a book. The book explains that Santa has sent an elf to watch over the children and the elf reports back to Santa each night.  The kids get to decide the name for the elf together - this is a touch decision!  You read through the book with your child, it explains all the rules, then each night you move the elf to a new spot. One of the rules is that the children cannot touch him - this is a great rule because although he's a sturdy doll, I think he might get loved out much too quickly if they were allowed! The author was so thoughtful to think of all these helpful rules.


There are also modifications to the board, On the Desert squares you still lose a life but you also draw a card.  Other minor modification allow you to acquire fate tokens.
TREND makes a card set that's similar, and has the photo on one side, English and Spanish on the other, so you can teach English or Spanish. I like those a bit better, but they are a little more expensive. My own four children (ages 5 and under) and I use both sets before and after our Flip Flop Spanish Workbooks.
5695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	crazy random fun with constantly changing rules and winning conditions.  great art work on the cards.
*This game is pretty difficult to just jump in and play. There are a lot of steps and moves. We had to keep the instruction manual right next to us to help us through the rough bits.
404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Alphabet Train was a big hit in our house, and useful for working with letters, so we got this one.  My kid hasn't picked up all the numbers yet, but so far its been fun.

3897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great addtion to the game! I highly recommend this expansion to any xwing players. It is a must have
There is plenty of content, with an ample number of trivia cards, although this is not Scrabble, you are not going to get 100 full length games out of this set. Eventually, everything on the DVD will be exhausted, and this will end up at the yard sale. Still the subject matter might be the only trivia category that 4 year olds will be domain experts in.
9990	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my infant son to use while on a beach vacation. When it arrived I put it up, by myself, in my living room. The assembly is simple with only 2 poles to insert into the pockets on the tent- it probably took me 5 minutes total. The pad that you lay on the bottom is a really nice feature as it will provide a comfortable place for my baby to lay instead of having to lay on the hard ground. Taking the tent down is just as easy. The tent and poles fit in the provided storage bag, but the pad (which is like a kindergarten sleep mat) does not fit in the provided bag, so you will have to fold it up and find somewhere else to put it when you take the tent somewhere. This is not that big of deal, but I thought I would mention it. The entry door to the tent has a velcro closure. It does not come with any stakes or anything else to hold the tent in place, except the weight of whatever is inside. This is an easy fix- I am just going to bring some camping stakes that we have with us in case it gets windy. The colors are cute and the tent seems to be of good quality. It will work perfect for what I needed it for and I am glad I made this purchase.
5523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great value in stickers.  Very nice size and coloring.  Good for rewards or to decorate presents or cards.  Would buy again.
3188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife uses this every day and she really enjoys it.  It gives her a very nice complexion.



9303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was our little ones Christmas gift and she was 10 months old. Daddy has his own Remo's and wanted her to have a nice quality drum. The outside is colorful though its a little wacky and it's not all that easy to make out all the animals.
7988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good one.  My grand-daughters love it.  They are 6 and 9 yrs old.
6548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice but the round plastic the dice is in already has a crack during the first use.
8841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great drum for my 4 year old. Quality product, seems very well put together and sturdy so we don't have to worry if it falls over. Love the sound.
9743	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I searched to find one of these multiplication table toys like we had when we were young.  This one works great and has helped our younger children recite their tables.
3130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just the right size for women and stubby-sized jobs -- or men.
Events: Levy AR Lab Access, Scavenge, Freelance Coding Contract, Escher, Exploratory Romp, Dirty Laundry (neutral)
im torn between 4 and 5 stars. amazon's 4 stars says i like it, 5 stars means i love it. i give it 5 stars because i love it. its not perfect by anymeans but for the price im SO happy. i was so worried reading reviews from mostly other websites about how the plastic lockers break.
4175	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I wouldn't have bought this except that I wanted at least 1 of ever ship. This thing is massive!
4364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pleased
9219	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works.  Wood.  Good.
8552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the current favorite game of my kindergartener, and a great family card game. Enough strategy involved to keep everyone interested, and enough luck involved that the younger kids can win sometimes. It's fun watching the five year old get better and better at the strategy and starting to understand probability.  Good for memory and early math, but lots of fun. This was a great purchase.

8897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent and in great condition
Generally, I am very pleased with "Eminent Domain" and believe that fans of great deck-builders should definitively check it out.

Just be careful not to lose a piece.
Easy to learn, good playing time (not too long or to short)
3829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautifully done, i really like it.  Was going to set it up at work, but i think i will leave this one on my shelf at home.

You LIE to your children year after year telling them that there is a Santa Claus that flies around the world in a magical sleigh pulled by magical reindeer and delivers toys to children all over the world in one night and, of course, "he sees you when you're sleeping, he sees you when you're awake and knows if you've been bad or good"...but the Elf on the Shelf is creepy and a poor way to teach good behavior? The concept of Santa Claus, himself, is pretty creepy too when you think about. Oddly, you manage to find a way to make it not creepy. And if you're really bothered by the using the Elf as an external motivator to teach morals, maybe you should start teaching morals by simply not LYING to your children in the fist place! But--then what are you left with? You'd have to explain Christmas being about Jesus Christ and why He came into the world and all the stuff of sin and death and love and sacrifice and all that Christianity. So if you don't believe that and/or aren't ready to go there with it, you've stuck yourself with Santa Claus and his elves.
Amazon Delivery excellent as always!
My family thoroughly enjoys this game. It is good for both families with children as well as adults.
2. You can only use two allegiances of each side at the time being. Both the Smugglers and Spies and the Scum and Villainy decks have too few cards to field. I understand that these cards will be released in a later expansion, and that FFG just tossed these in as a teaser. I, personally, hate that.
Each player must complete a series of rail lines spanning cities based upon destination cards drawn at the beginning (and throughout) the game. Each destination carries points related to the length of the line, so a New York to Los Angeles line would score more points than Chicago to Boston. Incomplete destinations count against players at the end of the game, so completing them, even through circuitous routes is a must. The exciting part of the game comes from not knowing who is completing his or her lines, plus the ability to overlap lines, stymieing other players.
3774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am not sure how familiar all of the viewers are going to be with this game and the genre.  If you are an experienced table-top role-player, feel free to skip the introductory bits up-front.
I kind of wish they had made the paint design thicker so these were actually more tactile, as described.

9209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good set of straight track and authentic Brio means it does fit well together.  I purchased these to solve the problem with the couple generations old collection of track and trains that I found, this being that with all the sets and parts purchased over the years there was a lot of curves but not too much to go striaght, so a couple of these sets solved that quickly.
When my wife and I play by ourselves, most of this expansion stays in the box. We have incorporated the encounters and monsters into the base set to good effect (adding greater variety without skewing things significantly) and have enjoyed spicing things up with new investigators and personal stories, but - all things considered - we should have bought&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dunwich/dp/1589942841/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dunwich</a>&nbsp;first.


3664	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a little difficult to get it to sit firmly on its stand, but it's good quality! Nice and sturdy and looks great!

2263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This elf is so much cuter than the "other guy". Cute, friendly looking and completely posable. Great price, I am very happy with this purchase.

Cons:
This is the stupid-funny game you played as a kid, and it's about time you had a few guffaws with no redeeming social value!!
977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  My family of 4 enjoys this game.  It's different from most games as you have to build your railroads and plan things out.  Can get a bit frustrating if someone blocks your plans...but all in all, I would get this again.
The game is fairly fast paced and requires at least three  players. I found that have four or more really makes the game enjoyable. It  is skill  and thought that makes you the winner in this game. Since there  is very few pieces, cleanup an d storage are no real problem.
6041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The tried and true mechanics of the previous edition of Formula D(De) with an graphics overhaul, the addition of components for tracking wear, speed, engine, etc. Including 20 cars of Formula One and Street racing types.  And the new rules addition that add Street Racing (think: Fast and the Furious and its 1st sequel) with a collection of Drivers with their own specific skills and character to add more flavor to the plain vanilla game.
426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good product.
9425	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for the beach. The issue it's very flimsy.
8563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every kid should have this game! So fun ! For all ages!

1773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The g'kids just love the process of the Elf.
Four stars, because of the fact that it's so very floppy, and because of the odor, and the fact that we received an opened box. Other than that, it looks great and should be a real hit with anyone who enjoys "Star Wars: X-Wing," or any type of miniature space game.
[...]
The on-line version is great because it is so convenient.  It shows you the cities you need to connect which is really handy.  It is I think $10 per person for a life-time account.  When it's just my husband and I we prefer to sit with our laptops and play that way.
9369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my first of many kids instruments that I will purchase from this company in the future.  The workmanship on this drum is sturdy and is just beautiful, the colors and design are of vibrant colors kids enjoy looking at. I had purchased a less expensive a few months ago and the sound to me was horrible and it did not last very long before it fell apart.

1. A small plastic game board with a handy storage drawer and a slot for the game card in play

My kids (6 and 8) love it too.
Sons of Anarchy does its theme justice.  If you are a fan of the TV show you will get a kick out of seeing your favorite characters, locations, and situations depicted in the game, and if you have never seen the show the game will prove very accessible.  Essentially, the game is a eurogame- a worker placement game where players must manipulate their dudes to make the best deals and the most money.  It does however, have dice and combat, adding a thrilling, confrontation aspect to the game that again blends well with the theme.  A whole lot of fun and really engaging, fans of the TV show and lovers of great tabletop games should really check out Gale Force 9's Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem.
8366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game.... but it takes forever to put together. It's a lot of work. I had forgotten (or blocked out) this fact from when I was a kid. My children enjoyed one game. Then we cleaned up. I'm sure we will play it again.

194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Has really helped with learning to tell time
1007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The game is a fun concept.  It moves fairly quickly and only takes about an hour to play a full game.  Strategically, there are many options making this highly re-playable.  My 8 year old loves the game and has legitimately won a couple times.  Be careful when playing with family because it is easy to play defensively by constantly blocking others and spoiling their plans which can lead to less fun experiences....
8199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game brings back good memories.
7322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game!  Due to the variations possible, it never stops being fun for our family.
1543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Greatd
1.) Components: As usual, the components for Ticket to Ride are supreme. Days of Wonder has, by far, more superior components for their games than any other company. The board is fantastic, with a nice map, and when the train cars - nice plastic cars in bright colors - are placed on it, the whole thing looks pretty fantastic! The cards are of the highest quality, and are about half the size of normal playing cards. Each color card not only has a different train car on it, but they have symbols in the corners to help differentiate between the colors (good for the color blind). Everything fits into a wonderful plastic insert that is in a beautiful, sturdy box - the same size as Days of Wonder's other Big Box Games.
2137	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was super excited to open up my Party Gras game at my party. I thought it would be a lot of fun but it was a little too simple to keep people interested. The entire premise of the game is you all start off with the same amount of beads and you pick a task from a limited amount of cards to try to get other people to do. If they do the task then you get their beads. There are not a lot of cards so if you want repetitive play it won't last long because you will have the advantage over everyone else because you will know all of the cards.  Many of the tasks are really simple and does not keep your attention so it gets boring really quickly. Also you must have 4 players to play this game so if you have a small family and just want to play it will not work.
6122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was worth it's weight in gold.  It really helps you learn how to fly a plane from a standing still position.  Way cheaper than learning this by crashing a real R/C plane!

6706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game! Multiple level challenges for various ages and skill levels. Comes with own bag for storage. Good quality pieces and game board. Would recommend. Good kid gift idea!
1346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my families first experience with a game like this and we love it!  We had so much fun playing together and how refreshing not to play a game with money. This game is high quality and focuses on points. This game is not overly complicated like others we have attempted to play and takes about an hour for players of 3-4. I love that there is a little bit of strategy and people can block off you routes if they catch on to where you are headed. This will be a family favorite!
6319	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Kept crashing and didn't work like it was supposed to.
I own a number of the variants and they are all similarly great and each has it's own quirkiness making it easy to enjoy them all. (I keep a copy in my car, a copy in my house, and a copy in my "games night" bag)
Picture below is a shot of what my play looked like winning the solo variant.
5782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Definitely challenging
6730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember playing this at my friend's house when I was a kid, and forgot how much fun we used to have!  Bought it for my kids, and we love it.  It's really a game for the whole family.
5797	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This was a gift for someone else.
Happy Playing!
Minitaures
3347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Red November is a cooperative game in which the players win or lose as a team.
7372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old gets the rules and can follow them!  We get to play a board game together, so she doesn't feel left out and it is interesting enough for us to enjoy playing with her and seeing her get into the game.
3992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These dice are very high quality, the symbols are clear and easy to read.


6764	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love playing this with my 10 year old. Gets our minds working. Highly recommend!
 I watched an epidose of Sons Of Anarchy  and couldn't make it all the way through. Just not my style.
2175	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my favorite character!
5167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game!! My 6yo daughter got this for Christmas and it is so much fun!
Let them know beforehand.  Santa doesn't want to hurt for Christmas
206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well thought up game.  Challenging and satisfying.
7733	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have to tell you what has transformed this game for us.  Instead of using the spinner, we use 2 dice.  On your turn, you get to roll both dice, and choose which one you want to use for your piece.  This has made the game SO MUCH more fun.  If you've played it before, you know the game can be painfully slow, and painfully frustrating as you work your way slowly up the squares, only to hit a major slide and lose 20 or more spaces.  WIth our method, the game zooms by and there is still an element of "bad luck".  Occasionally your two options will both end up on slides, or as in my case, I rolled two of the same number and ended up on the biggest slide down on the game board.  But instead of being frustrating, it was funny, because the pace of the game is so much faster that I didn't feel defeated.  (As proof of the speed, my 5 year old son and I played 6 times in a row this morning, which would never happen using the spinner!)  I highly recommend this game using the dice alternative!
7597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
8109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great basic game for kids who are not reading yet.  No bells or whistles but perfectly fun to play as a family.

However, that's a minor quibble, and it doesn't really detract from the fun my kids are having with it.
It is made of a hard plastic and comes with a nice bag for storage. If you like to get away from your electronic devies this as a lot of fun. BUT they also have a version for your iPhone :-)
5234	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, easy game and easy to transport.  I highly recommend this addition to you games.  Love, love, love that it is not plastic!  It is wood and painted.
To return to gameplay: the runner and corporation are governed by similar but differing rules. For example, the corporation can perform 3 actions per turn, but always draws a card each turn. The runner can perform 4 actions but doesn't draw a card unless he uses an action to do so (this is a nice bit of theme attached to an interesting decision - I can totally see a hacker exclaiming 'I don't have time for this!' while staying up all night to complete a run). The runner attempts to access corporation servers which include the corp's hand, draw deck, and discard pile, as well as any additional server they create in order to try to score agenda points or host valuable resources. The corporation guards these servers with ICE, which have a wide range of effects that the runner must use certain installed programs to defeat. What becomes interesting is that while the runner plays their cards face up, the corporation plays their cards face DOWN, so what is on the board is a mystery. The corporation can and often will attempt to bluff the runner into believing one type of card is another, and since running can be expensive, in theory this can force some tough decisions. After playing for some time, in practice many times it can be obvious for the runner what is going on.

453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice easy game, fun for all
2516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've been using my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scrabble-Deluxe-Turntable-Game/dp/B00000IWH9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scrabble Deluxe Turntable Game</a>&nbsp;for years and still love it. The only caveat is that it is too large to easily pack. Call me a nerd, but I like to take a few games with me for entertainment in case rain thwarts beach plans on vacation.

6514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played "Mindtrap" for the first time last weekend.  What a mind-bending blast!  The game includes a set of cards with different  situations that include problems to solve, situations to figure out, and  questions to ponder.  You (and any number of partners) have the chance to  come up with your best shot at providing an answer to questions in an  effort to beat the opposing team.
Take yarn measurements into account when choosing pups or just buy more yarn at a craft store.

8665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is definitely one of the best card games we've bought--including several from Gameright. It tests one's memory, strategies, a good poker face, and of course, above all one must have good luck with each round. My 4 year old son and my older daughter both play this game. Believe it or not, my husband and I also enjoy playing the game with them. The cards are made of durable material. It is worth every penny. Highly recommend it.
7198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	one of the best games ever!
646	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good product!
8550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this, and we adults don't mind playing with them!
7771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The are very well-made and super heavy-duty. My daughter loves playing with them, stacking them, and learning her letters with them. The colors are great for learning, too. I love the wooden box it comes in for easy storage as well. Just be careful when  your toddler chucks one of these at your face, as my husband found out! :)

3883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This deluxe expansion introduces new 55 new cards (3 copies of each card [165 cards total]) that bring out fresh new angles for the Shaper and Haas-Bioroid factions in Netrunner.
6882	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter received this as a birthday gift and we love it.  It is a single player game, which is great for when she wants to play, but has nobody to play with.  It's also great for taking in the car on trips.  It is great for developing the mathematical/problem solving part of the brain!  I even enjoy playing it myself.  We have since bought 2 more as gifts.
758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun family game that everyone can enjoy - I completely recommend this game.
3769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'll preface this review by mentioning I have never played any ccg or tcg before.  I've played some deck builders but this my first real foray into this genre.
5604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome fluxx variation.  Probably my favorite so far. Great balance of creepers and a lot of fun with pirate accent rules and having people call you the captain when you get the captain hat.  I recommend it.  Looking forward to Cthulhu fluxx as well.
8632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good toy, my granddaughters loved them
1506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I had read several reviews on this game and had very high hopes for it. Everyone said it was an amazing game and if you were to ask my boyfriend, he would highly agree with it being amazing. I think the key to this game is having more than two people, which is what has made it less fun for me to play.  We kind of developed our own rules for making it a two player game (we only take 10 destination cards instead of the whole pile).  Otherwise our scores were in the negative.
2378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really cool game. There is no monster controller player, all of the monsters are controlled by cards. Therefore, you may play solo if desired. The game has cool miniatures (some assembly required). There are many cards. Even when the heroes are in town bad things can happen - ouch. It took me a while to discover what some of the gear items did - there was a reference sheet on the last page of the rulebook that covered them all.
1522	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very fun and educational game.  Players use cute trains to build "tracks" across the US to different cities completing a card that details what cities need to be linked to get points.  Its very easy to learn.  The only thing is that it can be complicated to score the game-we tend to do it at the end of the game rather than trying to do it during play.  This is one of the few games that is fun with just two players.  Very Entertaining! (ticket to ride Europe is also fun).
7276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gave this game to my fiancs younger sister and she loves it!!! This game is relatively easy for younger children to comprehend and teaches great sportsmanship.
This video as mentioned by another reviewer is very helpful in understanding the rules of the game. You may even be able to just watch the video and not have to read the rule book.

5831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book goes in my 8-year old's church bag for Sunday mornings, along with his Boogie Board. He's almost completely finished all the Dot-to-Dots, so he'll be getting another Extreme book for Christmas. This is only our first, but it was a great introduction, and a nice challenge for a little boy.
8910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Rook cards are getting a bit hard to find these days. Bought this deck for my father for Christmas so he could retire one of his older, worn out decks. Cards are great quality and have already provided some fun family game nights.
3172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pet Promise Dry (Weight and Age) / B000VK4FJG


It also includes several upgrade cards (many, but not all, of which are also available in the starter or other expansions). The expansion includes two astromech droids (R5 Astromech, and R5-K6), Expert Handling, and Proton Torpedoes.


7212	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Well this is a cute toy and we did really like it until it broke! We got it for Christmas and it lasted 2 months before the beeping noise when you press the key pad, and the screen stopped working. And trust me when I say- that was with VERY limited use. We only have 1 child who is 3 and he had so many other toys that this one didn't get much attention right away. He was very upset when it stopped working. and to top it off, we couldn't find a place to replace any batteries because it works on solar power like the older calculators do. Disappointed! Would NOT recommend. Especially for the price!
1449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game, lots of fun for many different ages.  Get the family together and have some fun!
738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a black Friday deal.  We have enjoyed this game and after a couple of rounds our 9 & 11 year old are learning the map and starting to build strategy. Glad we decided to purchase it!
1263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most fun games we have ever played. We love it and everyone we introduce it to loves it. This game is easy to understand and VERY easy to teach to new people. You SHOULD get it and you should also get the 1910 Expansion pack. You will not regret either purchase! Worth the money!!!
5883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A really good, light, quick, filler game that goes over pretty well.  It's a push-your-luck game with some strategy.  And the strategies can vary a lot depending on the character you choose.  I would definitely recommend this to most gamers.
1428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is amazing and it is clear how it has won so many awards world wide.  I would recomend this for any family.
2732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves Bad Kitty!  Great Plush Toy!
The game also tends to be fairly light hearted. No one knows where anyone else is going, so no one can specifically choose to try to block a specific person (likewise, that never seems to be an optimal move anyway). No one's feeling should get hurt by the time the game has finished.


868	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a very fun game, we have enjoyed playing it a lot.  Highly recommended for friends and families alike.
*Paricia (1)  *Professional Contacts (4)  And now we draw the battle lines.  Some people love this card.  Others think it ruins your game.  An argument could honestly be made either way.  I think it is pricy.  But it is great for maximizing your draw.  And it likes to combat Jinteki PE.  So Im giving it thumbs up!
6625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good product
At the end of the game, the "winner" is who ever had the letter found on the super secret letter card. We have quite competitive children so we have made this game one that does not have a winner, but the person with the "lucky letter." Who ever had the "lucky letter" gets to choose if they are the caller or the stretcher on the next round.
9582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	still holding up. not ripped or deteriated
2274	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	TOO Cute  a must for toddler til they can read it themselves  .A ritual at our house GPa reads it to the kids .
For the most part I like this game.  The mechanics used to encourage negotiation are good, the slaves and gladiators have different special powers which makes them interesting and the underlying mechanics of the gladiator arenas are actually interesting and well-designed as well.
6775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy.  Kids love it and can spend hours playing.
6938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
So if I love the game so much how come I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars?  Because this version of it is hands down weaker than the old version.  The older versions of the game came with a plastic board where you could snap the tiles into place.  This new version is a flat board that with one bump leads to it being messed up.  Ugh

The expansion includes 7 rows of buildings instead of 5 in the base game. Also, there are overlays for these buildings which means there is even more variety. The expansion also solves the issues with the winter battle. Instead of rolling a die for the king's aid, players have tiles numbered from 0 to 4. They play a tile with the appropriate amount of aid from the king that they want. This elegantly solves the only real issue I have with the game. The expansion includes governor cards which give players benefits throughout the game. And there are random event cards. The expansion additives can be included in your games a la carte so you can sweeten the game to your gaming taste. This expansion is a nice addition to an already fine game.
Here it is!
Make the longest train for more points.
9035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and sound for the price.
5981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	More FTG Love. If you love Firefly, owning this game line is mandatory imo. Playing it with my kids has been a lot of fun, but even if I never played it, I'd still be buying it for the TITAN SIZED attention to detail paid by its creators. IMO this game is a labor of love for its creators and I reap the fan based benefits. KEEP IT COMING GF9!
3893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This data pack is absolutely essential if you're a Netrunner fan like me. Like all data packs you won't use all the cards, but the cards you do use will determine whether you win a game or lose it. Game on!
5603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to play with friends and family. It has an easy learning curve and the kids love changing the rules.

5623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Cthulhu Mythos and I love Fluxx....put the two together and there is great fun to be had.

4502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like word games, you must get this!!  It is FUNTASTIC!!  And one of the BIG BIG benefits is how easily it travels.  All the pieces you need fit neatly into this bag which happens to be the size and shape of a ........ banana!!
5202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT GAME
5424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this game for my daughter, who is a movie addict.  She has enjoyed the other Scene It games in the past and this one is just as entertaining.  This is the comedy edition.  It features comedy movies from a while back, like Caddyshack and Animal House and also more current films like The 40 Year Old Virgin and The Hangover.  It is a dvd game which is very easy to play, just pop in the dvd and use your remote to play the trivia portion and on-screen puzzles.  Gameboard and collectible tokens included.  If you've enjoyed Scene It games before, you won't be disappointed.  More of the same fun and some little changes to keep it interesting.  If you've never played before, but you enjoy movies and like competitive games,  get some friends and family together and play.  It's fun and the movie clips actually make you laugh.  I'd highly recommend.
The corporation uses various programs to protect their servers to buy themselves the time to advance and score their agendas.  The runner on the other hand will be using their own mix of hardware, resources and programs to steal those agendas before they can be scored.
7826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute, works well. Nothing wrong. Charges great in the sun light, well made not cheap would recommend to you
7729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Takes no batteries ! Nice big buttons. Comes with a good amount of play paper money and change. Drawer is easy to operate and open.
Pros:
5784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Giving it as a gift for my 87 year old mother
4367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love this game, lots of fun. No idea why my husband thought it would be a good idea to bring to the delivery room in the hospital, but other than that I've enjoyed every time I've played.
2662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everything as expected
207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game. A little complicated, but fun once you understand how it works.
51	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm 32 and really need a hobby, so I bought this kit. The instructions were easy to follow, my only tips are to have more yarn (I ran out of black on the first puppy) and use a hot glue gun. I did this based on other reviews, didn't even mess with the glue that was included.
2161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Holds everything!
5844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for myself. Loved doing them and plan on buying more in the future!!!  Keeps my brain working like it should!!

4587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's like speed-Scrabble.  Great for when your dad plays scrabble and it takes three hours for a game. Easy to play and understand but so much fun.  Great for two or more people.  Travels anywhere.  SO MUCH FUN!!!  Not many rules to learn, just create words in a crossword puzzle and use all tiles.  Can rearrange puzzle as many times as you want to fit in remaining pieces.  Most games take 20 or 30 min.  We often wind up playing best 2 out of 3 because the excitement is so much after the first game.  You won't be disappointed. We've also found that non-game people are often interested because it's quick and fun, so there's no two hour commitment.
Overall, love it, super fun, I even snagged it on a special so I paid under $7 for it on here!!!  Couldn't pass it up!
7680	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great.
This game was created by Richard Garfield, the creator of Magic the Gathering, so it got my attention.
There are so many things that I like about this game. First, I like that there are fewer pieces. Set up is much easier. Also, I love the red, black and gray color palate. It has a very 1950s Mad Men/Dragnet feel to it. Finally, because it has a more sophisticated look, my 9 and 12 year-old are all over it.
7078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
4354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game for travel.  Enjoys it alot.

4114	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got these for my daughter's 2nd birthday party, which was an owl theme, and these are cute, inexpensive, and were a nice addition to her party bag.
4258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favorite Fluxx set.  New rules will have you singing, reciting, and outrageous accenting Monty Python while you play!
9643	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  Brio always provides high quality items at a fraction of the price compared to the Thomas Wooden railway.
1156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son says this game is terrific for his kids.
This game has increased family time in our house and countless hours of fun.  Any household with preschool children must have this game!
I will add that, it is great that this game can also be played very well with only 2 players.
9632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a trip to Aruba to protect my 9 month old from the sun. It was compact and light weight. Very easy to set up and withstood Aruba's windy beach. My daughter had so much fun playing in it plus we used it to store our cooler so the sun didn't beat down on it.

* The type of toy that kids will play with for hours on end and go back to again and again
5750	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	No pronunciation included.
6455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was the BEST gift for our almost-3 year old.  He LOVES it and I'm thankful it will serve as a powerful resource for learning about money and numbers and counting in the years to come.  Currently he loves to play "Chick-fil-A" and take our orders and tell us how much it costs.  We then give him our money (or the debit card) and he puts it in the cash register.  This is literally his favorite toy right now and I know it will last a long time because of the high quality.  Learning Resources offers such wonderful, educational toys.
My grandaughter saw they were using this product in her class room.
9552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	From a parent's perspective, this is a great game that teaches cooperation and creativity. The players must work together to rescue the princess, rather than competing against each other to win. The mechanics are very simple, as befits a game made for the 4-6 age range. It is fairly easy to win, but you can still easily lose on a few bad rolls. In addition to the cooperative play and creative use of certain items, there is also a memory aspect to this game that I've found the children tend to do better at than the adults. It is very educational and a good introduction to cooperative gaming and teamwork in general.

5410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have fun with this game--it's easy to learn, fun and quick to play.  My 6 year old grandson can beat me.  I do not agree with the reviewer who said the quality was bad.  My game was in perfect condition--maybe his was a fluke!  Buy it--you won't be sorry.
Die hard fans of BttF or anyone with a love for time travel principles.
9724	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best $20 toy to wear out your kiddo!  Pay up for the one with windows too - our toddler LOVES that aspect!
-four diffrent ways to win

6665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had fun with this also. Just like "back in the day"! The quality was great and it was shipped quickly.
6. Rules are simple to learn.
1654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This gift for the Great Grandkids.
54	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Took a little practice and time, but after you get the hang of it. It turns into a cute cuddly little friend. Mine didn't turn out exactly like the picture, but it adds a taste of your own sense of style. They are super cute and comes with everything it says it will.
84	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Came book only. If it's just the book, it should be listed as a different listing entirely.

7056	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This is a cute cash register for kids and the money is realistic looking. We are disappointed however that it arrived in a non- working condition. The included battery for the beep sounds was present, but the beeps didn't work when pressing keys. We replaced the battery and still no beeps. The calculator function works on solar power so it was fine. Disappointed because the grandkids would of liked the beeping sounds like a real cash register. We are not returning because it's too much of a hassle for a 30$ toy.
3049	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are great for dinners and salad platters
7327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game for the grand kids.
I just hope they do more Trek just for each of the five series seperately and then all the movies by themselves!

1 red dragon
6875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Quick to learn, fairly quick to play, and fun, so kind of an ideal casual game.
7669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	can't beat chutes and ladders!  helping my daughter to count!
2957	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable
877	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Many of the cities on the gameboard are in the wrong place. For instance, Duluth, MN is drawn where Minneapolis and St. Paul are located. Annoying.
  My advice, the best way (and possibly the only way) to learn Rook is by playing with someone who is experienced.
If you want to add complexity to your game, add the Skullport module.  It introduces a new resource - Corruption.  It, too, comes with new cards and a couple of new boards to sit beside the main board.  I haven't played with this one yet, but definitely think it will add fun dynamics for when we want a slightly heavier 2-3p game.  I won't introduce it to new players until they've played the base game a few times, but at that point I think it could work with 5-6p too.
It doesn't have as many lights at some other models, but it's still great.
That said, I DO wish there were ways to amp it up and make it more complicated. I've been told the European version is better for this, and I'm curious whether the expansion pack would add layers of difficulty. The different strategies right now are pretty limited. I've had the game for about 3 months and haven't gotten tired of it yet (maybe played 5-10 times), but there are only so many different ways to win. I'd be interested in an expansion that restricts certain actions so that it had the option to require more brainpower.

The only complain is the magnets are slightly weak.
Yeah.  Lets play.
674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A little smaller than I expected, plastic boxes, easy to open and handle for a child.
5857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks like this is something that will keep my grandkids busy for hours.
9485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you! Very pleased!

Upgrades: Awakening Center, Tyrs Hand
9316	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i bought this on sale for my son who turned one. i watched it for a long time and sprung for it when the price dipped down to sixty four bucks.
2063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children are in love with our elf Jerry. great product lots of fun. they love waking up to find him everymorning.
You can take this on a plane
9732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful gift for our twins.  Can't wait to grow our butterflies this Spring!  Package arrived quickly and is in great shape!
Company Website: http://www.setgame.com/Company
- good organization of numbers so kids can see a pattern of answers
It comes with a remote, spare parts, charger, and the helicopter.
9032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is great quality and the perfect drum for toddlers and older!  We used this in kindermusic and my almost two year old loves it!  She is getting it for Christmas morning tomorrow morning.  I've already tested it before wrapping and it is as expected! :)
2) I would have liked to see a bit more variety in the cards, or maybe even include 1 more double sided card choice.  As it stands the deck only consists of 6 double sided cards for a total of 12 building types.  I would have liked 14 or 16 in the core game.  The follow up expansion does in-fact introduce 2 new double sided cards, but seems expensive IMHO (approx. $7) and limited for an official stand alone expansion.
4407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is amazing. I live in a dorm with 50 teenagers. This is a great way to get the kids together for a game night. If you like scrabble, you will probably LOVE this game. All skill levels can play this. I can't resist getting in on the game when the kids play.

2227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our family played this over the Christmas holiday ages 60 down to 7 and it actually worked.

4493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our kids enjoy this game. It is perfect for travel, too!  People who enjoy spelling, would enjoy Banagrams. This is a great game for the classroom, too! A great way to practice spelling in a fun way!
930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quick and accurate

5719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played for the first time with fellow nerdy friends recently, had to immediately hop on here and buy it myself.  If you ever watched any nerdy sci-fi shows or movies, this interesting game will keep you laughing with all the inside jokes and characters.  Even without them, the interesting gameplay keeps you guessing until the end.
7641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game-it's loud, fun and works with a large number of people. Not many games seem to be made for large groups now a days. It can bring together any number of generations of people. Many times we have arguments over who hit the bell first. Bell worked well. I can only imagine that it wouldn't work well after all our hitting!
3910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	no problems

5129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!
7638	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a terrible remake of a classic game.  The board is much smaller and the chutes and ladders graphics are so oversized that they cover the individual squares. The pieces are so big compared to the smaller squares that they are easily accidentally moved to another square, and you easily lose your place.
The cards are small, but this was not a huge issue for me.  The trains are cool plastic pieces, and the illustrations are beautifully colored.  The map is also large, easy to read, and beautifully illustrated---not too masculine, not too feminine, with just the right amount of vintage flair.  The cardboard is thick and sturdy.  My only criticism is that the trains, once placed, tend to slide around.  I wish there were some mechanism for them to stay on the tracks.  E-play would solve this problem.
4674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very educational.
See what happens (also not a decision)
347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The base game is extremely fun and easy to learn, even to teach to non gamers. I usually don't include expansions when introducing a base game to someone new on a first playthrough, but with this game I absolutely make an exception. This expansion does SO much to enrich the already great experience of the base game, that I would say it is completely necessary to play with the main game. If you have never played lords of waterdeep, you need to, so go buy the main game now! If you have lords of waterdeep, then you probably already have this in your collection.
5610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's Fluxx, It's Stars...what more could you ask for. Versatile and entertaining for the whole family.
4985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Challenging game for kids and adults.
*There are only 60 cards and 180 questions, but if you play the game with different people using the same questions over and over isn't really a problem. Also, if you are creative, you could easily write additional questions and print them out.
8815	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the coolest drum I've seen.  Soem that I've seen have a really cheap top that could easily be punctured...and they are over 20 bucks... this one is very thick and sturdy for only a bit more.  I just can't believe how good the quality is.  The sound the mallots make on it are incredible.  I'm really pleased.  I got it for my daughter's 2nd birthday (she LOVES drums) and she absolutely loves it, and it is something that will grow with her.  Such great quality and an amazing price.
8380	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	We purchased this game for our  granddaughter because our kids had it as children and spent hours of giggly fun operating on Sam. We were so very disappointed with the quality of the game. It sure isn't what it used to be. The plastic "organs" and "bones" slip right off the tweezers when you try to remove them during the "surgery". They could have at least produced some kind of grip edge on them. Also, the tweezers actually throw sparks when they touch the sides of the "operative sites". Coupled with the loud buzz, our granddaughter perceived the was going to be shocked or hurt. Even though we explained that she wouldn't be. She said, "I don't like this game." The game board itself is also very cheaply constructed. It's really a shame that they've ruined a game that was loads of fun in cutting costs by cheap manufacturing. Sadly, this is another product manufactured outside the USA and it's become junk!
6595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls 10 and 12 enjoy it
98	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my daughter and I to do together. She is five and a little young for some parts but we have had a great time making cute puppies. My only suggestion would be to buy a lot of extra super glue because the one that comes with it doesn't hold and you'll probably need extra yarn. One of my kits was missing eyes, noses and tongues but after a call to the manufacturer they sent me two entire replacements so I can't complain about that.
2118	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 9 nine year is a sucker for her magic elf - it has been so much fun.  Very nice, sturdy box with cute posable  felt elf with plastic face and beautiful book that tells the story of how the elf can become a part of your holiday fun.
Playing Time: 40 minutes
3191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The v4, the newest american tamagotchi, is much like its previous japanese counterparts, the entama and uratama. This tamagotchi goes to school, interviews for jobs, and then has a career. Each career has its own game, so there are many more games on this tama than the v3. There is also a mail icon that flashes when your tama gets mail. [...]
*Atman (4) In spite of its fall from grace, still a good card.  Makes running a lot more efficient.  *Awakening Center (2.5)  *Bastion (3)  *Bioroid Efficiency Research (3)
9633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very nice and handy - although the base is crinkly so my baby is always trying to pull at it - overall serves it purpose for such as cheap price.  I would only add a different bottom and possibly some loops to use some spikes or something to help anchor it to the ground.
The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is that the manual, as I stated earlier, needs to be fleshed out a bit when it comes to Pitstops and a few more Play Order examples that are unfortunately only found online by Formula D and De fans.  Even the Asmodee Website is sadly lacking on thorough information for the game (try BoardGameGeek.com).
4291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of the original fluxx and this version is fun. lots of goal cards which irks my husband a bit but we still enjoy it
9031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great quality. My 3 year old loves it.
2024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the first year we did this.  My child loved the book that came with it and it is packaged nicely.  It came as described and we look forward to next year.  A new tradition in our house!

6723	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I worried that this rattle might be too big for my four month old son, but he loves it. It's easy for him to grab, hang on to, and mouth. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because sometimes he gets angry because his arm slips through the middle of the rattle (like a braclet) and he can't get it off.
7071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is quality. Works great. Can't wait to give to my granddaughter for Christmas. I am giving her the Melissa and Doug Snacks and Sweet Food Cart. A great teaching tool also.

4533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.  It is fun and quick.  The rules can be tweaked to keep it fun and interesting.  I highly recommend!
5404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had a lot of fun playing this game. My granddaughter age 7 loves it. Adults and kids will have a lot of fun. It's easy to learn and moves quickly. The pieces are very sturdy, which surprised us. We're used to opening boxes to see cheap plastic game pieces.


2688	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love Pete the cat! So excited to find a groovy buttons game, it's our favorite Pete the cat book! My son is 4.5 y/o and this game is perfect for him. It was a little expensive but worth it because it's Pete the cat and is high quality. Love it!
989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game. We played it at Christmas and our niece(10) and nephew(12) were able to play it with their mom helping them with the strategy against the adults.
Combat is resolved by first a call for support. Here you may ask for a players support and they may or may not help you. They may decide to help the other player instead. This gives said player a bonus based on the support played. You then calculate strength of both sides and include the "Valyrian Steel Blade" token (explained later). Then you choose a "House Card" from your hand to help you with a strength bonus and hopefully a text that will hurt the opponent. This is then calculated as the Final Combat Strength. Combat resolution is: Determine the victor, casualties, retreating and routing and clean up.
1529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice set
As stated above, the game is a push your luck dice rolling game where in three rounds of exploring a dungeon, you are trying to amass more experience points than the other explorers at the table. Players delve into the dungeon by first either picking a Hero card or drawing one randomly. In the games that I have played, random is the way to go because it takes some people longer to read each card than to play the game and it also helps when you are teaching new players so you don't have to explain each special trait until they fine the one they want.
4378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
3265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this one looks really nice in actual and i enjoy playing it a lot with my friends.
8035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my son on his third birthday. I was really surprised at how sturdy and well made it was. It is solar powered so the calculator will always work. You will need batteries however for the cash register to make the "ching" noise as it opens and closes and for the beeping noise with the credit card. The batteries were already included which was nice. It came with plenty of play money and coins and a credit card. It is a great eduactional toy which kids as young as my son all the way to much older kids will enjoy playing with. I highly recommend this cash register. It is a great buy!

9321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Get ready to dance! My grandson loves to keep the beat while we sing or listen to music. It is fairly loud, but not so that you can't talk or sing along. Big enough so that he can't miss with the mallet ( which is not heavy).
This game is fun for a little but I think it is more suited to be an icebreaker game for people who want to get to know each other.
If you are looking for maximum maneuverability you may want to consider something else, but these are great for novice to novice-intermediate flyers.  My first one has kept me entertained for years.  I don't fly it as much now because I've gotten into RC planes (the equivalent there is the RTF Duet!).
2591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have one of the older sets, this set, and the CCG. This one is my favorite because I didn't like the CCG much at all but I loved some of the cards in it. This is an expanded updated version of the original that includes some of the CCG cards.
4641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and educational toy. My 5 year old loves it.
7767	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We always started of playing Candyland as the first board game and soon thereafter moved to Chutes and Ladders.  The Chutes and Ladders game does require some basic counting skills and introduces your children to numbers so it is a learning game as well as fun. Flipping the spinner gives you the number of the spaces you have to move so this is where the counting comes in but it only uses single digits.
2728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So excited to have a plush Otis! My son and I love the original story! I am thrilled that Merry Makers is creating toys to enhance the reading experience for young children. As an English professor, book lover, and mother of three, I believe that the best way to encourage children to fully experience a story is to allow them to bring it to life. I was always frustrated that my daughter could do this through dolls and costumes, but it is so much harder for boys, since society doesn't approve of those activities for them. Toys like this one open the door for them, and the quality of the fabric and stitching on Otis promises countless hours of play.
522	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very Happy

3587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These mermaid stickers are a big hit in preschool. They are small but not to small. They would make perfect birthday favors.
238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Finally played it with my wife and kids. We had hours of fun. Took a bit to figure out the rules, but, seriously, and entire saturday afternoon and night dissapeared. Id want those hours back, but who cares, we were slaying grell and kobolds.
You get three sheets of punch-out standees (cardboard tokens showing the monster/character it represents, drawn to 29mm scale and compatible with most ranges of figures). I wish we'd had these when I was first getting started. I'd have save a fortune in lead and storage would have been so much easier.
3332	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Greatest fantasy game out there! We played our daughters game and my nine year old son LOVES it and caught on very quickly!  Great game for the family.


5296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! Even our 4 year and 6 year olds have a fun time trying to find and make patterns.
6709	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	like it
My wife didn't enjoy the game much and she's my go to gaming partner. The light theme is what killed it for her. I really like playing it as a quick solo game. I can set it up, play a game, and have it put away in less than 15 minutes if I'm just looking for something to do, and the high replay value means no two games I've played have been the same.
7572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for the toy drive at work and did not want to enter ANY store a week before Christmas.  The 2 Day Prime shipping saved the day!
8535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun game for the family.  My 8 year old girl loves it.  I think it is probably best for 7+ age kids and adults.
Don't buy this game.
Despite my complaints, this game is worth getting for what one gets out of it: it is not just fun--it is an intelligent game of logic and deductive reasoning.
57	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My niece has had so much fun with this.  She loves it.

9654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use. Crossing gates easy to use. Good playful experience in teaching use of actual RR crossings.
3789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like Fantasy Flight's Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay 3rd edition, the precursor to this Star Wars system, which I also like a lot (I have this and the beta rulebook). I am also a sucker for boxed sets in general, so this was right in my wheelhouse. That said, yeah, this particular box is less than it could have, and should have, been.
There's a whole box of these kinds of engaging questions.  If you enjoy a good brain-cramp, this game is definitely for  you.
7181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Use with real money or play money that's "real" in size.... It is a real adding machine to help teach your child how to really add... My daughter plays with her son as if they are "shopping" and then they go check out... He has his own money to pay for his stuff he buys... He enjoys shopping and paying for his stuff, counting out his own money... If he doesn't have enough, he has to "pick" which item to put back. Add, Subtract.... He's only 5....
5084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyed by grandchildren ages 5,6,7
8076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not the same game I grew up with (pictures on the game board) but it's beautiful and tons of fun!
4217	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is GREAT! I had never heard of it, and my boyfriend was looking to replace his worn and battered version so I ordered it on here. What a fun game! It's a unique look at history and the way events contribute to one another, and even if you aren't a major history buff, you can play this game...and win! We also ordered expansion packs to extend our timeline and have introduced several friends to this over the months.
1827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a cute idea! I have used it for 2 years now. Every year when he comes, the book comes with. My daughter loves reading the story with her elf!
5109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family loves table games and this is one of our new favorites!
4588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first played this game at a Thankgiving party with a group of people ranging from 9 years old (my son) to 60's.  It's fun for everyone and challenging.  It was easy to learn with the guest who brought the game explaining as we played the first time.  Even my 9 year old picked it up quickly.
6298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice plush toy. Quick ship and reasonably priced
This is the base version of the game and you should be prepared to spend several hours playing it (I've had games run all night but as short at 3-4 hours).
WHAT DID I DISLIKE ABOUT THE GAME:
Great strategy game with a enough chance built in to frustrate the best-laid plans. (Invest in large hotels and be cash-poor, or invest in small hotels and hope for a pay-day--lots of ways to play).
8609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game after reading so many 5 star reviews on it, and I am happy to say the game lived up to the reviews!!  My family loves it!  I have a 4 year old and a six year old and they really enjoy it.  The rules are very simple to learn, but it is a test of memory to play!  It is a game I really enjoy playing with my kids.  I highly recommend this game!
* A great game for severely sticking it to other players.
- The box is great for storage and organization
The rules are super simple so it's a great game for young children.
CON:

6519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game
2346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My three year olds love playing this game!  It's really not difficult to follow instructions!  Educational, fun, what more could you ask for??
7040	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT EDUATION TOOL HELPS CHILDREN WITH MATH AND HELPS TO START A FOUNDATION OF MONEY MANGEMENT
7702	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game as a child, and my 3 1/2 year-old loves it too!
2364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pleasantly surprised by the game components.  Top notch illustration, card stock and the plastic space ship pieces are really nice!  Rating 4 stars from the first initial play.  4 starts for a simple, but elegant deck-builder\role selection game.  Theme is like chocolate sprinkles: not too dense, but gives a nice flavor.  I'm looking forward to more plays.  Thumbs up to TMG!
8701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loved this  toy.  It's amazing how something fairly simple can provide for hours of learning and enjoyment.
It takes moments to learn and can be played for just 5 minutes or longer if you want to drag it out or play again. k

8575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun toy, held up nicely even after being thrown all over by 2 small kids.
3475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good info on back
6253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	incredible value I've been a rc lover for over 20 yrs owned a hobby shop specializing in rc cars and trucks this is comparable to many rc crawlers costing $300 or more!

2485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Playing Scrabble with my grandchildren is great fun but at  times can be frustrating because of 6 children bumping the board and having to reset the tiles. This is no longer an issue with this game, the tiles lock into place. Accidents can  still happen but not like they used to. I think its great.
Lovers of Cthulhu and/or Fluxx will greatly enjoy this edition.
5674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another fun Fluxx game!

The only downside I saw in this game was the packaging.  Although I like the handy handle and don't mind the plastic exterior, the boxing inside is flimsy and fell apart after trying to pull the contents out and in a number of times.  It would work better if the entire top of the game case would come almost entirely unzipped so you wouldn't have to pull the materials out and shove them back in when the game is done.
Every child needs their own  Elf.  It's as simple as that.  Even a wee baby newborn coming soon.
885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Must have staple in your board game collection!

Players are people in the BttF who only exist if a specific timeline is left in place and not able to be changed. Play involved draw and play a card. Played cards can be items, devices and time machines. Players use time machines to fix their timeline and then destroy time travel.

2611	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
2986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as cute as they can be. Very well made. We having a blast reading the book and tossing the monkeys on the floor with our  21/2 yr old grandson.
5579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great little game. Have used 3-4 times. Friends seem to like it. Cards come in a little box so it's nice to store on the shelf.
3144	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff.  Easy to use, makes my skin feel great.  If I skip the after shower moisturizer, it's no big deal if I've used this stuff in the shower.  Just have trouble finding it around here, so I'm glad to be able to get it through Amazon.
1171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow, indeed. From the very first move to the end, my heart was pounding, it hooked me with all the decisions to be made: do I get cards, do I get the wild card, do I lay track, do I lay track to thwart other players, do I get more tickets ... and yet, there was never a moment of "analysis paralysis", the game kept <ahem> chugging along, and there was never a time that I felt any of the players no longer had a chance to win. Great game.
The box also comes with a new herald-the Dark Pharaoh with can potentially be a pretty horrific herald.  With the expansion set, he makes things pretty nasty and definitely balances out the above mentioned marker.  Without the expansion set and with just the original box, he's a hindrance but nothing that should trouble you too much.  Regardless, he's a new herald which I always welcome.
This is a portable "Sorry" game.  I recommend it.
There's one other thing that's a personal nit that I'm going to pick, and that's the character and creature (and ship) counters. These are round counters made of thick, good quality cardboard -- the kind of board game bits that FFG does so well. But they're made to just lay flat on the encounter maps, whereas WFRP3 came with rectangular counters that you stood up in clear plastic stands. I love those as an attractive and easy to use (and store) alternative to minis. Now of course you can go hop on ebay or one of the collectibles websites and get a ton of Star Wars Minis from the WotC game (I looked, and basically any mini with a lightsaber or that depicts one of the recognizable name characters is kind of stupidly expensive, and everything else is cheap; so you can easily get a large collection of good quality painted minis for your game quickly and at a very reasonable cost). But I really wish the Beginner Box came with the WFRP3 character/creature/vehicle counters with the stands. If you have those stands, you can use them with the round counters, but it's not as cool as the larger, rectangular WFRP3 counters. Oh well. My group will probably just end up using the Star Wars Minis for characters and the new X-Wing minis game minis for the spaceships.
2292	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love him and this product is much cheaper than "The Elf". I bought this because we lost the elf last year and I could not kind the Pop-in-Kins without the book. Fun for the holidays. It keeps the kids on their toes!
6807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun strategy and puzzle game for all ages.  The goal is to get the little red car off the board by moving the other cars to make room for the road. My grandkids (age 6-8) continue to be entertained by this game and the storage pouch that the game comes with is perfect for taking it along on trips. Most of the time, we all end up sitting there, trying to find the way for the red car to get out. And if you keep moving the cars - eventually you get there. The game set comes with cards that show you the starting positions, and they come in different levels - beginning, intermediate, advanced and experts. So you can work your way up and learn as you go.  I love the educational value of this game and am glad we got it.
3608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought this item for my nephew , we took him to senoia Georgia where season 3 of the walking dead , went to a small shop there and they had some souveniers
4546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For our guest house!  So cute!  Very small!
5414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this game for my 6 year-old and we now enjoy it thoroughly, but it has taken us a couple of tries to get the hang of the game. Specifically, we were unclear about the optimal patterns for the tiles. You may find that for a younger child, the game takes more time than the child has in attention span (by the end of the game, we're both a little bit ready for it to be over). The good news is that we work on math by keeping track of the scores (heh, heh, I love hidden learning). I think that if you stick with it, this game will be enjoyable through adulthood.
179	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these letters, I bought 2 sets since the box only came with 40 letters and I needed more to spell out little messages on my daughter's magnetic board.  The colors are so sweet and girly!
1897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our first year using Elf on the Shelf. Our boys are almost 2.5 and 10 months old. Our toddler LOVES to look for "Jingle" every morning. It's so fun to see how excited he gets. He loves his little elf. We read the story during bed time every night as well (along with several others). I loved that the book mentions children saying their prayers. I feel like it's a great way to merge the fun Christmas traditions with our Christian beliefs and offer the Children a special tradition they will hopefully pass on one day. The elf is adorable and the perfect size for hiding and posting. We kept his hands sewn together because it's easier to hang him in different areas. I'm glad we waited until our son was big enough to enjoy the Elf and am looking forward to next year when we can play with both boys. There are lots of cute ideas for Elf posing on Pinterest and I've come up with a few on my own as well. We take our nightly picture of our son with Jingle before bed so we can keep track of all the hiding places. It will be fun to look back on as well each year. Great idea and love that this product started as a family tradition with sisters and they shared their tradition with all of us.
6263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
1146	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids new favorite game - and mine too!  They love the concept and having to plan out their route and possibly blocking their sibling or parent IF they can figure out where we are trying to go.  I love that it makes them think BUT games can be as short at 20 minutes, or up to an hour, but not never ending like Monopoly or Settlers.
8245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thank you!
4765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My little ones love it. I thought it would be a little advanced for my 4 year old, but the body diagrams had even my 2 year old putting him together. They asked for a brain next
4932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Any game my 9 year old wants to play and it doesn't involve electronics is a win in my book.  Fun for a wide range of ages too.
The packaging is cute in the banana that holds the tiles.  A zipper is used to open and close it.

The tiles are plastic but are heavy and are lasting.  They sit flat on most flat surfaces, including our tablecloth.  The cloth bag is thin but has held up well for us.  We pack the game on travel trips.  It requires a large surface for play (not for airplanes).  It is enjoyable for most kids ages 9 and up.
Would not recommend this for an older gaming group that enjoys board/card ga,es like talisman and 7 wonders and ascension.
2061	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a cute little felt scout elf who is found on various shelves in your home each morning.  He supposedly reports to Santa about the children's behavior. Nice hardcover story book & an online registration.
Over time the cardboard pieces get bent at the bottom from sticking them into their little stands. Wish the player pieces were all plastic or something
7047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy has been a favorite in our house for a long time now. It can be used in so many ways that I would recommend it to anyone! My kids use it when they play restaurant, store, library (to check out books) The money is great for teaching about counting and money. I see this being in our playroom for many years, And it is made really well so I know it will last too!
3457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This books isn't a multiple page thing but my little one enjoys gnawing on it in her car seat. It doesn't keep her attention a very long time though.

9327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A little pricey but good enough quality.  I like the hidden seam type if that matters to you, but these were available for free shipping and arrived on time.
I lent him my game and he brought it to school today and played with his friends.


30	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My four year old robot lover had fun with this.  His five year old brother loved it, too.  It didn't provide hours of entertainment, more like minutes, but it was a fun stocking stuffer and they really appreciated it.
7182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good service and nice product.


7426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have a five year old son and a ten year old daughter.  It's hard to find games that both kids enjoy equally.
367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a memory game for my 3 year old grandson and tripped across this.  I can't wait to play it with him on Christmas day. He loves earth moving vehicles. The game pieces are sturdy and the items are labeled-- which is great because I wouldn't want to confuse a backhoe with a front end loader!
-evening's worth of entertainment, but expandable
1204	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful
7331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
- You will have tokens coming out your wazzu.. which means you will need some kind of storage like a plano fishing tackle box ( the clear see thru kind ) AKA the game box storage and card storage are very meh and irritating.
3211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is probably my favorite card game that I own, and I own a lot of games. It is completely original. I didn't think I'd be very good at making up a story line that goes along with the actions played, but its easier than you'd think and the end result is usually hilarious. I have already bought three of the expansions and I'm working on getting the fourth as soon as the price goes back down. I'd definitely recommend this game!

5920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Dungeon Roll: 1-4 Players, Ages 8+, Average Play Time = 15-30 Minutes
9867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used this a few time when we went out with baby, then it turned into a play tent as she got older. Worked great for added protection from the sun, then she had a blast with it as she got older! It has really held up well for the 3 years we've had it, too!
Every turn consists of you looking at the other players and thinking "are they going to try to steal the chickens as a fox or do they think I am.  Maybe they'll just play a normal chicken and I'll play use up my dog.  No, they think I'm going to play fox.  So they're going to play their dog, and I'll just play a chicken so they don't get anything."
2888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was the perfect size for my grand child to hold while we read her the Llama books. She love it.
2752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for the grand daughter as she already LOVES all the Llama Llama books.  It is so cute - she sleeps with it every night.  Next I'll have to buy one for my grand son.  Well made and suitable for age 3+.
The storybook is a beautiful hardcover with colorful pictures and the book reads like a rhyme. It is approximately 26 pages long and explains how the Elf on the Shelf works. The idea behind it is the scout elf is sent to your family each year and will keep an eye on the children on behalf of Santa. You get to name the elf and he will continue to be your family's scout elf. At night, the elf will fly to the North Pole to report good and/or naughty behavior, then fly back to the family where he will get into something during the night and the children will wake up the next morning, excited to find him! The elf is always watching and the only rule is that the elf can't be touched otherwise the magic will disappear. When the elf flies back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve, he won't return to your family until the next Christmas season.
Fun, though exhausting!
And so on.

If you can handle this, you're going to have a great time.
There are certain cards that cross the 4th wall, forcing you to talk like a pirate or address a player as captain which I find to be a bit too cheesy, but for younger or more casual players, that'll be fun to do for a few times.
310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun expansion. Adds a lot to the game.
1929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son to start a tradition with his new wife.its way to cute
3451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm so happy with this soft book, the colors, size, everything in it!!! and the most important thing: safety!!! This book its everything I was looking for for my baby girl!!! She looooved it since day one, she is 6months and puts everything in her mouth, but pays a lot of attention to the sounds of the fabric and everything this book contains!! I'm planning on buying more for her!!

3156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not only do the Mighty World series toys make imaginative play options limitless, but the fact that they incorporate women into many leadership positions makes them awesome for young girls. Megan the Marine Biologist and some of the other camp/research figures that are female are great for showing girls that they too can be a part of what was once considered male-dominated jobs or roles. The creators of this series thought of EVERYTHING when it came to accessories as well. Great job! The boats even float in the bathtub!
3737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for two people. There's a healthy tournament scene, but it's still lots of fun to just play casually with friends or family. As with any game published by Fantasy Flight Games, my only complaints are with the box insert (which is of little to know use for storage pieces safely or neatly) and the instructions, which leave many unanswered questions I'd recommend looking online for answers to.
Strategically counteract the "luck" element
8999	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nicely made, sturdy and cute drums with good sound.
6866	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun.  All ages have had a great time playing this one.  It really makes you think and is addictive.
8115	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Cheaply made junk.  Yep was hoping for mouse trap that would be fun for hours for my kids instead got plastic junk!!!  They don't make toys like they use too.  Arrived fast as promised
will do again next year!
I was very satisfied with how cute my puppies turned out!

Quests are found in a quest book that tells you how to set up the game and who the boss is. The end of most quests have a boss that will take a lot to kill.
8619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	super fun for kids of all ages!
6594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect game to take along camping or on trips. Beats watch8ng tv all night in hotel or tent with notes kids.
7640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, but the bell that came with it isn't as good as the older versions of the game.  Pity
8168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it as a child as did our son and now our grandsons do too.
6911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As i review, i can't offer much more of an opinion than any of the other reviewers.  All of it is true.  I can add this though.  My 4 yo. and 5 yo.  are fighting over this.  And i am sending them to bed early so i can play........if you are just 'thinking' about it......don't have to.  It's a sure winner.......
tire foams suck(simple solution, google "star cut foams rock crawler" and makes HUGE improvement. MUST DO MOD, 2nd to removing bumpers
6792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good~~good~~
* Not enough pieces for the price; you can get hundreds of lego bricks for the same price

But on this site
4551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For the first time in the 10 Days series, you can link travel tiles!  Th is truly the most unique element in this new addition to the 10 Days series.  I've had trips where I have 3-4 ocean liners all linked together before I even touch land again.  I like that.  I have also learned a lot about geography in central and south America.  Very fun and a nice new way to learn geography of the western hemisphere.  Something severely lacking in students knowledge base today.
8769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson, 13 months, loves getting in and out of this car all by himself.  He likes using the key and the horn. He has not mastered moving the car forward with his feet, but it won't be long.
2510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Smart purchase
Conclusion / Final Thoughts
Overall, it takes roughly 45-60 minutes to play, so this is a bit of a longer game.
8653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I prefer games where I don't have to "dummy down"  for the kids to have a chance of winning.  This is one of those games.  It is easy, fun, and short.  It saved my life when I was flying alone with the kids over Christmas break and we were stuck at the airport for two days.  We must have played 100 rounds of this, and noone got tired of it.  They still wanted to play more when we were safely at Grandma's house.

I would definitely recommend this as a good game for a family who loves to play games together.

I played this with my 3 year old daughter and my (nearly) 5 year old son. The daughter didn't get much of it, but my son enjoyed it quite a bit. I did have to let him win though; I've seen these movies so many times, I knew about 90% of the answers. Still he enjoyed it quite a bit, both in regular game board mode and in casual party mode.
458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift

3486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First off the quality of construction surprised me. I was expecting very thin paper but this is made from a very thick stock that feels more like a book cover. A lot of important information is readily available at a quick glance and saves looking up rules in some situations. Overall I am very impressed with this screen and will use it for other games just for the quality of construction even if the information is not relevant.
975	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun game to play. My enjoyment actually begins the packaging and artwork of the box and even instructions. Sounds foolish I suppose, but it gives a certain feeling of blowing the dust off of a very old and lost treasure and engaging entering secrets of the past, like something a scene from an old movie, or Raider's of the Lost Ark. Anywho, I do wish the board had been better constructed, ours tends to rise instead of lay flat. Kinda annoying, but rather minor inconvenience that will hopefully lesson with more play.
97	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved it. I don't know if the gift recipient liked it or not since I never received a thank-you note. Oh well.
8341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for my 8 year old niece.  She loves it.


437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Prompt service, and a great product.
I don't think I would buy this for a teenager. It won't take them that long to get all 40 levels done.

My take on the encounter deck:  This is a very extremely location heavy challenge.  So, if you can handle that by using cards that clear locations (Northern Tracker in particular) it becomes quite easy.  There are very few enemies and minimal combat.  It is a unique change of pace compared to other encounter packs, but simply clearing locations is a bit bland, and it does not hold up interest after repeated plays.  Note also there is a card in this encounter deck called "Rockslide" which is probably one of the most frustrating types of cards that can occur in any encounter deck (probably second to any card with "surge").  Rockslide can end a game in a hearbeat, even if you have planned well.
There is no real strategy to Mouse Trap -- it is about 99% luck of the dice roll.  That means that even little kids can play and win,

2 It uses banana plugs for the battery to esc connection
1279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game! My family is huge game people and we love this game! It can be played with two people which is nice for just my husband and I to play. My ten year old niece can even play the game.
5210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, especially for younger gamers.  Would really benefit from some kind of better re-boxing option for shelving (the box it comes in is unnecessarily big, but the bag of tiles is awkward for shelving).
This is where the game takes a hit.  If you can, see if you can pick up one of the versions from the 1960's or 1970's.  Those were VERY well made and, as long as you don't need them to be in perfect shape, can be come across for very little.  If you can get one of those, the components are perfectly good.
7029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A fun way to teach kids about money!
-The Commander, who manages the budget and deploys the interceptors to defend against UFOs
Play is simple.  Players lay all of the tiles face-down in the middle of the table.  Then players take turns flipping the tiles over one at a time.  When a player sees a word three letters or longer, they shout it out and snatch it from the center, setting it in front of them.  Players can steal each other's words by adding a letter to them, so beware!
6071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	arrived in good condition

8054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game to play with my grandson.  It is relatively  fast moving and a short game ( around 15 - 20 minutes ) so he never gets bored or distracted during the game. It was simple enough for him to understand it when he was 3, we still enjoy it now that he is 4.
7926	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic fun for the whole family...our niece and nephew love it!
4289	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great expansion for a great game!
3113	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son's pirate-themed nursery and the product is great!  It is very soft and well-made.  I would definitely recommend to others!
My one complaint would be that even with 30 pages of instructions, we still don't know how a few things work.  Ports?  Ships?  Not a clue, we made the rules up as we went along.  Pretty sure if there was a professional AGoT:TBG2E society, they would shun the crap out of us.
2547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little craft/journal. It comes with lots of little stickers to add flair.  The stuff you put on it is like frosting that hardens and looks very neat.  It holds up very well once it's dry.  The journal is a good little journal for writing.  My daughter (6 years old) really enjoyed creating it and was able to do it by herself.  Overall, it's a great way to have a craft and journal.
1623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	so fun
6299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kid loves Pok&eacute;mon!!!!

5761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm slowly trying to learn Spanish because I will be teaching in a school with a high population of Hispanic people and wanted to start somewhere. These flash cards, along with others I bought at the same time, are perfect for learning basic things that will also interest my preschool students. Great quality cardstock. I put mine onto split rings for on-the-go learning. Definitely recommend.

1745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was the best money spent!!!! My 6 year old read the book and has not questioned brushing her teeth because Larry the Elf is watching. I need an elf for every day during the year.
8273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a childhood favorite of mine and I bought it for my son.  He was three the last time we tried to play, and he had a bit of a hard time remembering what order to do things, but I think we could try it again and it would be easier now that he's a little older.  This is a simple game and easy to throw in case your child is getting upset about repeatedly having to go back to the beginning!
My take on the player cards:  Brand is not a great hero.  His ability is limited to multiplayer, and I play a lot of solo games.  I do not use him regularly in any deck unless I am looking specifically for Ranged ability, and even then I usually use Legolas from the base set.  The allies are good with the exception of Keen Eyed Took (so 3 good, 1 bad).  Four of the remaining five player cards (events and attachments) are cards I never ever use.
7470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Happy camper A #1
2993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	They are darling.
1134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  The whole family loves is from 8 year old daughter to 70+ grandparents.  Highly recommend!
As as you play you need to beware that as you are working to complete a RR line you could be blocked either accidentally or on purpose (depending on the personalities of your competitors) when another player builds on a RR segment you need.  If that happens, that just means that you need to find an alternative way to get to complete the RR line between your destinations.
~The Rebecca Review
I would have liked the box to be sturdier, given that it is intended to be taken on trips.  I see reinforcing the corners with packing tape in the near future.
* The frantic nature of play with changing rules and goals makes for some real nailbiting.
4964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game for the entire family!
9210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I expect nothing less then a superior product from Brio.  This Brio product is as expected.  Like all Brio products I have purchased it is top notch!  Brio make outstanding high quality products!
2661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Snatch, by U.S. Games Systems, is a simple word game which is compact, quick to learn and fun!  The game comes with 100 plastic tiles, and it is cleverly packaged in a simple tube (it sort of looks like a small, plastic packing tube).
6870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The only thing I can think to improve this toy is to make the cars and trucks a little heavier so they don't thither easily.  But what an amazing thinking toy!  It is not just a toy that you buy, play for a while, and store forever.  It has a great repeat playability.  Toys that don't encourage you to think is a waste of money; not this.
And, so, when the Vine Program offered this "Disney Magical Moments" version, naturally I sent for it to try out and review here. Frankly, I know of nobody who is not a big animation lover, and Disney Animation in particular, so let's face it, this game automatically scores points just for it's subject matter alone. A highlight for me was all the Pixar bits and clips, etc....I just love all the work this studio has produced for us over the past few years!
115	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is more fun and easier to understand than I had anticipated. (Rules are basically the same as Uno) I thought I would have to 'sell it to my students in 1st/2nd grade Resource, but they really enjoyed it and everyone had an answer for the questions posed along the way. It also encouraged my better readers to help others and share examples when they needed help 'getting it'.
8875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. My son loves it. I seriously thought this was like a real instrument. It does not look, feel, or sound like a toy. It's so well made. This will last forever and he's having a blast playing with it.
7269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got these for family Christmas gifts. I have played and it's such a fun game for a group!

That being said, I still love this game both solo and with friends.  It can be easily taught and understood if you don't over think, and can be highly social and interactive with other players.  This is a great warm up game or a 'break' game that can be played in between other heavier board games to help others clear their minds, but don't discount the strategy buried within.  You'd like this if you like 'Sushi-Go'.
7896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game helps with color recognition and turn taking.
5417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Received this game yesterday and played it last night at our ladies (all over 30) game night, everyone loved it! In fact one of the ladies called after she got home to ask me to order her one. Can't wait to play it with my family, I think my children will like it as well.
5398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Some of our friends introduced us to this game, and after playing it one time we knew we would soon be purchasing it. The game is very simple to learn and easy to play - simply matching colors or shapes. While there is some strategy to the game, there is more luck involved than anything else. One thing I especially like about this game is the wood block construction. Extremely durable! This is not an educational game, so if that is one of your primary goals for game purchases, look elsewhere. However, if you're just looking for a new family game that you can play at parties, at the campsite, at church youth functions, or just around the kitchen table, this is the one you're looking for! You will not be disappointed!
389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product! My students loved it! Thank you!
 - Or you can do any combination of the above.
2053	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to have while my grandchildren were here. They arrived several days before Christmas. They chose to name him Scottie, after Poppy who's middle name is Scott. Every morning he would show up in a new place ;-) As soon as they woke up they would begin their search for Scottie. Since he loses his magic if he's touched, I would place him out of reach to remove the temptation to test that theory, lol. We all had so much fun with Scottie that I am looking forward to his return from the North Pole next year. Your Elf will come with a book to read to the children which explains his presence and purpose.
3781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	and I wasn't disappointed with this game.  I was hesitant at first because its a LCG and didn't want to spend a ton of money on expansions but found out there is quite a bit of content with this core game.  It comes with 4 corporation factions and 3 runner factions so theres a lot of replay avail and both sides are different so my wife and I switch it up to keep it fresh.  The theme is awesome and we both enjoy it.  I think eventually we'll get into the expansions but there is plenty here to play for a while.
Why I love it: The worker placement part is pretty simple and straightforward.  The game is fast and pretty easy to teach. I love the ever shifting market. Even though it follows a set path, it really adds a feeling of chaos and spontaneity to the whole experience. Since the game is so small (mostly cards) it can be set up very quickly, and putting it away is also painless. I love being able to play a quick and energetic game even when we don't have much play time. This game is really a gem, no matter the size.
5746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I picked up this one after watching Wil Wheaton's Tabletop.  This is an incredibly fun game, and it highly addictive.  Even if you're not the average CCG gamer (Magic the Gathering being the most common), which we're not, you will still find this very fun.  My wife compared it to the strategy you use in gin rummy.  But lets be honest, most reading this review, or checking out this product are already gamers of a sort anyway.  This version of Fluxx can be played anywhere, tho a small flat surface with no wind is best, an airplane tray  would still work.
6937	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun play cash register. Comes with plenty of play money.
7938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good old standby!
4450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game, especially with a bunch of people. Love scrabble so I knew I would love this.
6743	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
Edit:  Just discovered they put out an app that simulates their unique dice.  Wanted to mention it since that would help make the game run smoother if everyone could build their dice pools before hand and be ready when their turn comes up.
CONS
Qwirkle is easy to learn and is quite fun to play.
5000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great board game! My kids an I can play this game for hours at a time.
5495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I must say - I probably have 15 versions of Scene-It and have always asked - for the past few years - why not Star Trek?

The slight downside is that it's only for 5 players. We've played with 6 before by doubling up, but it's not exactly conducive to huge gatherings.
Educational: "Battleship" is essentially a thinking game, although a little bit of luck plays into it, too.  Both players really have to use their smarts to come out the victor in this game.  Seasoned veterans know all too well how strategy can cripple a rookie opponent.

Shirley Johnson
4421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Bananagrams. We've played it at my sister's house many times, so we finally bought one of our own. The game we received is of great quality and just like the one she has. We love the packaging - simple but cute.
2669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for the family
523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice card game variation of Scrabble and Bookworm Adventures.
4018	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game which uses the popular video game license is part of the recent crop of board games that uses an integrated mobile app.  I have seen both good and bad examples of this.  I adore Alchemists and think it works wonderfully with its app but think Golem Arcana is a video game with superfluous physical components.
Granted this game is labeled 2-5 players, this is NOT a great 3-5 player game for NEW players.  I would go as far as saying that this is a horrible game for introducing 3-5 NEW players.  Now please do not misunderstand me, this game is solid 3-5 players...but it's not a smart move to introduce new players into a 3-5 player environment.  If you have new players teach them in a 1v1 scenario and get a few games under their belt before you even consider 3-5 player scenarios.
8265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved this game as a child, I am now 61 years old, so having a 7 year old granddaughter was the perfect time to share something Grandma once played with.  She loves it.  And I am so thrilled the new version is not all distorted from the original.  Too many old games are resurrected in such a way you can barely recognize them.  Good job Hasbro!!!
My husband and I played it, too, but with just two people of equal skill, it's less fun. The winner is basically a coin toss. But it was a nice way to spend quiet time with a loved one. Better with more people or with mixed ages.

2467	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids loved this! It's a great educational tool and the tiles stay on the board easier !
Because it is a birthday once a year, children and me happily, I now also feel happy
(4) Corran horn, a level 8 unique pilot that costs 35 points, with another great offensive special ability that reads, "At the start of the End phase, you may perform one attack. You cannot attack during the next round." Just missed destroying a ship this round?  Corran Horn lets you try again!
My older son liked to place his hand inside and twirl the Sphere around.  The price is a bit steep, but it has stayed in great condition thus far.

9524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Used this on the beach for our toddler on a Caribbean vacation.  It was easy to set up and put away, and it kept out the sun.  She mostly played in it since she didn't like the sand.
*Scavenge (4.5)  *Self-Modifying Code (4.5)  *Sentinel Defense Program (3)
5102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We absolutely love this and everyone , all ages plays this
4572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is a fun game to play with the whole family.  Especially if you like word games.  It is a game similar to scrabble but a lot more fun.
9847	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Overpriced and extremely hard to take apart. Surely no small child could get these eggs apart by themselves.
Onto the materials ... like all FFG components, everything in the box is high quality and looks fantastic.  The counters are high quality.
BTW, I haven't had all that much time to play myself, but the higher numbers are sure challenging, so it's fun for parents too.
To say he likes this Ball of Whacks is a misnomer. He brings it with him, the car, park, friends, wherever. Everyone who sees him with it wants one of their own. He really should get a percentage from the owner.  He tells me he is fascinated with the shapes, to see what he can build. He has the kind of mind that can explore any possibility.
Some may say they have a difficult time finding items for special needs kids to give for holiday gifts or birthday presents.
9580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has ALWAYS been a great learning tool.  I used it for both of my children and now my grandchildren ...
3107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This and another Wedgwood ornament were my wife's favorite Christmas presents. I thought this angel one in particular was rather unique. If you like to buy nice ornaments for your tree, this will please you or the person you buy it for.
7827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thumbs-up!
7910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Gift.  Childe like it.
9673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 4 yo is extremely excited for his caterpillars to arrive so that we can watch them grow and use our butterfly garden pop up house. We have also ordered the praying mantis house for him as well. such a great product and company!
This starter set is good. The characters that come in the set are good and have a nice backstory to go along with each of them. Since this game comes with dice you don't necessarily have to have to go buy a seperate pack, but it would be nice.
I like that we can play this at a relatively slow pace now when the kids are young, but that it will grow with them as they get smarter and faster.  My kids like to build silly sandwiches and hit the deck!

8731	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a social worker, I see children in the school setting and it helps to have items or activites that are small enough to carry yet helpful to create excitement, use for demonstration if needed, or to help problem solve.  This is a great item to carry along and kids love it.  Adults get excited with it too.
I am somebody who only owns the 2nd edition of Descent and I have found tremendous value in this.  It is certainly possible for you to go out and buy minis from another company that would adequately suit the visuals, however I don't find this necessary.  For the heroes its not hard to find one in the 2nd edition that is 'close enough' to the 1st edition hero.  If you're super OCD about it needing to be exact, it could be annoying, but for most people it is certainly not a big deal.
- Some of the buttons on the remote control are so small and close together that I wonder if a child's fingers were used in the ergonomic design parameters.  Also, the remote sends a very narrow IR beam such that it is critical that the remote is pointed directly at the reciver.  Neither of these issues have been a problem for me because I use an Universal remote with broad IR dispersion and large buttons.

Page Four, "Miscellaneous", shows armor and weapon hardness, other item hardness, and common item hardness as well as charts for XP awards, and for treasure values per encounter.
I will buy more without question
1492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic game for family game night.  It's easy to play and learn and accessible to gamers and non-gamers.  It's a great way to introduce people to "real" board games.  If you like this I highly recommend trying out some of the other "euro-games".  Check out [...].  It's a great community and a good way to discover and become addicted to a new world of gaming.  I never new so many great games existed.  BGG blew my mind and now I'm totally hooked.  But beware, if you go down this road, be prepared to say goodbye to Monopoly, Life...etc forever.
6902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-RUN7G7TO8TIUE" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1%2BpejbyGwS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81XmrKWLOoS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a fun puzzle to crack the code using deductive reasoning.  It exercises your brain and still seems like a lot of fun, but isn't too hard from an adults perspective.  Adults can crack the code with good deductive reasoning in 5-6 tries on average once you get the hang of it, but you could still sit there working it out for a bit so it isn't over too fast.  If you are feeling lazier you can just use more guesses.  It is more challenging if the code contains two pegs of the same color, so you can choose to make it easier or harder by the code you choose.  I have not tried&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Advanced-Mastermind/dp/B00000IZEY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Advanced Mastermind</a>, but that should make it a lot more challenging due to the increased number of possible combinations.  Overall my wife and I have enjoyed playing this once in a while.
8029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 yr old lovesssssss this game. He begs me to play it with him all day! You can start your kids on this game at age 2. It encourages learning counting and colors.  Great game!
4746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So detailed, but not for toddlers for sure.
5794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it.
6545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic fun for the kids.
3238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect condition, excellent game. Thank you!
3161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just needed some simple basic mouses for a couple PCs that I use and these fit the bill.
313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Lords of Waterdeep, you MUST have this.
4337	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great way to teach children to read.  They love making up all the words.  It's a fun game, harder than you think, but you get the hang of it quickly.  Great vocabulary builder.


2542	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wanted since long ago finally I purchased a set. Have not played with it yet but at first sight looks what I was looking for, good quality material, box and I anticipate lots of fun hours of playing with it.
9652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a grandchild that says he hates flashcards. have not given it to him as of yet. Hope he likes it as he plays a lot of video games. we will see.
-Event Cards affect everyone the same way, so I didn't find these as enjoyable as other elements of this expansion that are unique to individual players.
2313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you made this choice as your "Elf on the Shelf", then you made a good one.  He's so cute and you can mold his arms and legs to fit in a lot of places.  The book is an awesome bonus as well.  What a deal for years of fun.  Don't pass it up!
-wish they had a sturdier box (if you want go to rpggeek.com and search for my thread on how I reboxed the game for display)

The only bad I have found so far is the stock wing broke on the first flip I had with the car.  It was very cold out though and that might have something to do with it.  The body is also a bit thin.  I ordered an LC racing wing for this car and it appears to be thicker than the stock wing.  You can also fit most 1/10 wings and they will work and be very close in size.  The only replacement tires I have found have been Tacon tires, but they are actually pretty soft and grip in a wide variety of conditions so this isn't even really that big of a concern.  Usually I would list parts support also as a concern since you have to order from Atomic RC who charges a lot for shipping, but nothing has broken.

9114	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We use Remo drums in our daughter's music class so we purchased this hand drum set for home use.  The physical quality seems fine - the drum skins are tight and seem to be attached well.  The overall manufacture seems decent and we anticipate and expect them to survive several years of use.  The only real complaint is the sound - it's quite "tinny".  Regardless, the drums can take a beating, pardon the pun.
9615	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was so much fun! All of our caterpillars became butterflies. The kids all loved it and we will definitely do it again!



1148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is worth every penny. It comes with tons of replay value, it's great for table top parties and get togethers with friends and family game nights, it's incredibly fun, and a single game takes anywhere better 30 mins to an hour depending on the board game experience of everybody playing.
7186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game, for both groups and family. The only issue, is that these cards wear really quickly since the game involves quickly passing from one person to another.
3469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank
It was very loud when we first got it but I think the batteries are dying and I'm very sad that I can't figure out how to replace them. I used to dread putting the toys away because something would hit it and it'd start quacking, amplified by the toy bucket, and wake everyone up. Sometimes the string gets wrapped around a wheel and doesn't get pulled enough to quack, but my daughter will supply the sound effects just fine. She loves to push carts and drag stuff behind her so I'm sure this will last... but I miss the quacking!
1951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought for day care use the children had a greattime with him. Every morning it was a hunt for the elf. They had a great time with him.
2216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! We really enjoy this with a group of friends
I'll clear the air here by saying that even though I'm a keen Mansions of Madness player the only reason I bought this rather expensive expansion was the stunning Dunwich Horror and Dark Young figures, and although I've studied and read the materials I have not yet played one of the scenarios (and when I do The Dunwich Horror will be first up to bat).
9570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great back to school gift!
5254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our sharp grandkids played it with us, and  enjoyed it, but needed our help.  Their ages are 5, 8, and 10.
811	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy and fun!
The game pieces are small and not overly detailed, but still are very nice. One of the best parts in this updated version is the gearshift / damage board. In previous versions, it was just a piece of paper. Now you get an actual gearshift and peg board to enchnace gameplay. There are two race tracks in this set. However, you can buy more official tracks or go online and find free print & play tracks on Boardgamegeek. I can't say enough great things about this game.


4838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I needed something to bring my lower level 7th grade math students up without making them feel as if the material was dumbed down for them.  This book is it.  I have even found that my on level or higher students are interested in them due to the puzzle nature of the problems.
7447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our loud family gets even louder playing this game!  A real adrenaline rush, but warn the neighbors that it's not an argument but a game!



If you're looking for a way to instill fun in learning these cards are a great way to do it. Just remember to have a little patience to get the cards out.
The cons with this game is the quality of the game itself.  It leaves a lot to be desired.  We actually ended up using a hot glue device (can't use the other word) and that fixed our issue with it falling apart.

1585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It is too overpriced everywhere.

7742	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The frosty fairy has been remade since we were children. She looks like an over sexualized Bratz Doll now. Very disappointing. Other than that, the game was fine.
1601	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves it!
Producer-Tasty Minstrel Games
9508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfect for our 6 month old at the beach!
309	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Lords of Waterdeep was awesome, and Scoundrels of Skullport makes it even bigger, better, and crazier, like the original game on steroids. You get two expansions in one: Undermountain and Skullport. Both feature 3 new Lord cards, 3 new basic building locations (each on a separate small game board), a ton of new buyable buildings, plus a huge amount of new quest and intrigue cards. Skullport includes a Corruption mechanic that penalizes your end-game points by the number of Corruption tokens (blue skulls) you have vs. how many remain on the included Corruption Track (also on a small game board). You gain Corruption by using the awesome new buildings or completing some of the crazy new quests. Corruption is easy to gain but hard to get rid of (ask any politician, lol), but the game includes a number of ways to get rid of it a bit at a time (such as through using certain buildings, completing certain quests, or playing certain intrigue cards). Corruption management is vital. Don't worry about it early, but be sure to start cutting back by mid-game and reversing the number whenever possible.
This is one of those games that you can play with adults and with kids that can pick up relatively easy games.  I play with my 8 and 10 year olds, and they have fun with it.
As for the fights, they are in your face. There is no, Oh, look! I took up all the spaces on the ship so you cant sell anything this turn, passive-aggressive nonsense. Nothing is casual or side-bar. It is a straight-up attack every time and you may get warning it is coming but often wont.
1450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was already very familiar with this game, but it still fabulous! Bought this one especially to teach my 5yo twins how to play. They need a little help still, but are able to grasp the basic concept.
2532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We're learning as a family
565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family played this game at a reunion and it was a blast so we ordered us our own game.  Played it while traveling on the trains through Europe and loved it.  Also played it with friends who loved it so much I gave it to them for Christmas.  This game is a blast and will make you think.  So much better than playing Scrabble...why do it with cards
3070	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute ring holder. Nicely made.
8028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter Loves it.


You don't have to be a fan of the show to play this game and have fun with it.  The other nice part of the game is that it can change each time.  How you negotiate or take over territories will be different almost every time.
2944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	What's not to like other than the price.  It's a little too high for these mini finger puppets.
This is a role-based game similar to Puerto Rico.  Where one player chooses a role and does the action then others get to do it too, though not with the same bonus as the person who chose the role.  Its also a deck building game like Dominion only the number of cards to choose from is always the same and is much smaller.  This leads to how the role portion is different.  The more often you choose a role, the stronger you will likely be when you choose that role again in the future.
The official rules state that the game continues until each player has asked two questions. at that point the player with the most points wins. However, it should be noted that the official scoreboard only goes up to twelve. It would be possible to have twelve points after only four questions. Bottom line? Scoring can be arbitrary when it comes to deciding when the game ends.
FUN GAME...WE USE THIS SO MUCH THE CARDS ARE BENDING IN HALF...

6286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's absolutely adorable! Cute and a good size. The only thing is that it doesn't really sit upright in the picture because the head is so big, but that doesn't bother me at all.
4987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our families favorite games!! Great for any age, we play with anyone who comes over
824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gamers must have .... fun and easy!
5947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game!  My son is 8 and he can play with no problem.  It has enough addition, subtraction and multiplication in there to count this as a math activity for this homeschooling family.  I agree with other reviews stating the game ends too soon, especially when you are only playing with two players.  You accumulate benefits for each of the buildings you purchase and the game is supposed to be over when someone has purchased their 4th building.  We have played past that by a bit before deciding to be done just because it was getting late, but I could see 6 or 8 buildings be a good limit for 2 players for sure, probably good for 4 players as well.  It's a fun game with great artwork and pretty relaxed play, I enjoy playing it in the evening before bed.  There are some great youtube videos explaining gameplay if it's your first time playing, but the instructions are well done and it's pretty easy to pick up.
5870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great table top war game. My son and I love playing.
5270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love this game so I purchased it for my grandson for Christmas.  I haven't had the chance to play the game with him yet so I don't know if it was a good fit for him.  I think as the newness of his other gifts wears off, he'll turn to this game.

8453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun games
the Holidays.
2576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift

7194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family favorite now have one at Mimi's house.
Downtime

It's durable enough for all three of my kids though I doubt it will be around like my old Speak & Math is...they just don't make things like they used to :). It is still a math drill computer so it doesn't make it FUN, per se, but I accidentally read a review before I posted mine and they mentioned keeping it in the car for when they get bored.  I LOVE this idea because my two year old has car toys but the older ones don't and this is perfect for them!
5631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love the Fluxx games! We have Zombie Fluxx as well. One of the cards makes you groan like a zombie.  And Pirate Fluxx has a card that requires you to talk like a pirate. Avast! Looks like I needs to be brushing up on me pirate speak!
7294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every time I play, my voice is hoarse by the end of the game. It is super fun!!
2855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I saw this doll at a local store, but didn't buy it at the time. My 2 year old likes the Llama Llama book series, so I decided to look for it on Amazon and found it at a better price. I was pleasantly surprised to receive the doll bigger than expected. At approx. 11" tall, the doll is a good size to be hugged and carried by a small child. The tiny teddy bear is sewn to Llama Llama's hand, but can be detached by simply cutting the thread. The red pajamas can also be removed. This doll is wonderful and appreciated by children who enjoy of the Llama Llama books.
4634	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I let the salesman at the store talk me into buying this although I had low expectations.  I bought this for my 7 year old son for Christmas.  It was so incredibly useless.  I put it all back together immediately to return for a refund.  However, I had lost the receipt and I had paid cash.  So we still have it.  My son keeps getting it back out to try to play with it, but then he remembers it doesn't DO ANYTHING!  It is virtually impossible to get the slide to hold steady enough to see anything at all under the microscope.  It is uncomfortable to push the button to hold the light on while you're looking at the slide.  I understood that this was $20 and wouldn't work like an expensive microscope, but I'm telling you, this microscope is the same quality I would expect from a $1 microscope from the Dollar Store.  It is practically unusable because you can't hold it still and it's too hard to find your object under it.  My son plays with the little vial and the tweezers.  Was that worth $20?  No.  Trust me.  Do not waste your money on this.  You and your child will be disappointed.
The Skullport module contains 2 mini-boards, one with new locations, and one corruption tracker. Corruption is a new resource with this module. It can help, but it can also hurt.



8312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandsons will love it!
3183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice griddle-perfect pancakes even browning. great for french toast-perfect browning. size is perfect. Well made.
Basics- Around America in seven days!  In Ticket to Ride, you play one of five different friends who are obsessed with  Phileas Fogg, the man who went around the world in 80 days.  Based on Fogg's story, the players make a one million dollar bet to see who can make it to the most cities in seven days.  In the game, players can do one of three different things on their turn to travel across America:  collect tickets, collect routes, or spend tickets to travel.  When a player collects tickets, they draw one or two tickets.  These tickets can be one of five revealed tickets or from the draw pile.  If a player draws a wild card from the revealed tickets that is the only ticket they can draw that turn.  When a player collects routes, they draw three routes and must keep one.  Routes are worth positive points if a player has connected the cities on the card at the end of the game, but, the card could be worth negative points if the player does not complete the route.  The last action a player can do is spending tickets to place trains on the board.  To place trains on a path on the board, a player must spend enough tickets of the same color as the path.  Some paths are gray and allow the player to spend any color ticket as long as they spend the same color tickets.  Each time a player places trains on the board, they earn points based on how long the path is.  Play continues until one player has two or less trains in reserve.  Then all players get one last turn, and then the game is over.  After counting points from route cards the player with the most points wins!
9727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 10 mo. old grandson loves this. Folds up easy. Good construction. Would purchase again.
2992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are so cute! Bought them to use at next month's story time, but my granddaughter loves them, too. I showed them to her via Facetime and she started singing the Five Little Monkeys song lol. I love that their outfits match the Cristelow books. I love that your finger goes inside the back of their shirt instead of into their little bodies so they are more like a little stuffed animal. Looking forward to doing "Five Little Monkeys, Swinging in a Tree" next month for story time!
1604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this for a friend of my daughter's.  It arrived on time, and our little friend was THRILLED!
8732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 14 year old grandson. He's 'too old' for toys Yet he can't keep his hands off his younger siblings' similar hands-on toys. I haven't given it to him yet but am sure he will find it enticing.....actually it's great for all ages...I can't wait to try it!
1503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Whether you are a hardcore board gamer or not you will love this game! The rules are very simple and easy to understand. I've bought this game for everyone else in my family and we all love it.
It's the sort of item that's very useful to have (if you're into miniature space games), but since it's fairly expensive, it's hard to justify buying it for yourself. That's one of the reasons I bought it for him. I knew he would get a lot of use and enjoyment out of it, but he wouldn't ever dream of buying it on his own.
2534	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a good version for the kids. The plastic locking pieces keep the game board from being shuffled or sliding if kids get to excited.
8284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This old favorie hasn't changed a bit and keeps our family busy and giggling all evening. The children even play it all by themselves!
9298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Came close to buying this drum elsewhere for nearly double the price.  This is the exact same drum offered elsewhere for big money. We use it at home when dancing and playing along with music. Well made, good sound.
5211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great for the whole family.  It took us awhile to figure out the directions which several of us felt were confusing but once we did everyone loved it...from age 5 to 55!  We took it to the beach and we played every night.
5005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!
-After you finally get all bones, muscles and organs in place the next step is to put on the front half of the clear body case.  If ONE of the internal pieces is out of place it won't align and snap together.
740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! Very easy to learn and very fun.
6939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my granddaughter loved it
6301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's absolutely adorable. My 3yr old loves it XD fast delivery too. It got here really early
There are 9 stickers per sheet and you get 24 sheets.
One nice feature, 1-5 players.  If combined with the other titles, you could potentially play 1-15 players, though that's a lot people for this type of game.  Each player is partially running the game and playing at the same time.  The more players, the more monsters and traps and such, so it scales nicely in difficulty with however many players you have.
5753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Only a few words that are off track on meaning but basically a good start for reinforcing words in spanish. Good quality.


7167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	perfect and worth the money
Board game enthusiasts really should add this one to their collection, and I'd even say that many players unfamiliar with modern board gaming have a good entry point here. The application will teach you how to play the game. In fact, it's the only way, the rulebook only shows board layout. I lost a good four or five hours of my day when I opened this one up, and I recommend you do the same.
The map, cardboard cutouts and dice will continue to be used even when I'm not playing the beginners box specifically. It's great that the map is two sided and the back is blank to create my own.
6802	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	There's nothing wrong with the actual product itself, it's just that I really don't like that faulty new design. The old one was much better and stayed put...with this one, you can easily knock over the board, the pegs can't fit in the peg holder so they spill everywhere and the part that blocks the code is pretty flimsy. I wish they hadn't changed the design of the game so much.
4604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I were walking through the game aisle at the store when I pointed out Bananagrams to him.  I knew from Amazon that it was a bestselling game and thought it looked fun.  I ended up not buying it because I had the impression that it was just a kids version of Scrabble and didn't think my kids were old enough to understand how to play.
3367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for friends, as we play on game night.  Love the expansion - it gives a bit a spin to the game.  I recommend to all Kingsburg fans.
A tip for non-scrabble players; I play solitaire with a dictionary on hand to try and get more ideas.
4) Checkers: First, the checkers are about the size of Sweet Tarts and trying to play the game on a board this small will nearly drive you mad. Second, the checkers will not stack and stay put when it comes time to "king" someone. Third, there is something about the sound of plastic checkers banging down in repeated movements on a tin board that is akin to nails on a chalkboard in the realm of one's auditory sense. And last but certainly not least, similar to the Chinese Checkers side of this maddening duo, if you can move your checkers on this eensy board without disrupting every other checker on the board and sending them sliding toward the four corners of the Earth, well, you have some mad playing skills that no one who has entered our home of any age, gender, race or religion -- be it man, woman or child -- can master!
8154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game, Just liked I remembered it a s a kid

9240	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good quailty child's drum.  It is getting lots of use!
9729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves it !
3132	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The little monkey is so soft. He is so easy to hold and snuggle with. He was a gift for my gradson for his birthday. He named the monkey "Ceasar" like the movie. He loves his monkey.
A card challenge with 4 different color-coded questions on a card corresponding to the color on the die;
338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everything was as promised.  Thanks!

8455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game, took a bit to figure out exactly how to play (thank you youtube) great for learning the value, greater/lesser numbers and adding.

3284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
9640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	these are great for his wooden train track!

2. In depth strategy
6778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I saw this years ago an thought it promoted incredible visual spatial and critical thinking skills. I recently have it as a gift, and he loved it. He plays with it everyday.
3171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use this for so many things that I have lost count.  This whisk is not for whipping egg whites into clouds, this is for the other 500 things that a balloon whisk isn't best suited for because you can really get the bottom of the bowl or cup you mix in since the head is flat.
3 bears
3962	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A full set of dice for star wars RPG
502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun and addictive word game. I recommend.

2255	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Way cuter than Elf on a Shelf, that one is freaky. This will be our 2nd, Gibbs needed a buddy

 - If you become the first player to take a turn, you have dominance over the rest of the players by snatching up all the data tokens ahead of everyone else (and one player dominates the game). I call this the "Mario-Bros-2-Player-Video-Game-Effect" (where one player runs ahead and gets all the game coins/stars and other goodies). And the second player is swimming in his digital wake. I've won this game and I felt so bad for everyone else, I couldn't wait to move on after apologizing to them.
1306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family is huge into board games, especially strategy based games. My children and I got this game for my husband for his birthday and right away we became addicted to it.
The dice pool mechanism is fun, different, and fast.  You are often rolling 5 or 6 dice at a time, or more, and you quickly develop the eye for the results and pretty much know instantly if you succeeded or failed.  It is a little different than what most roleplayers are used to, but I love it.  It feels very fresh to me after endless d20 games.
8932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great toy! Highly recommend
1731	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun for the holidays!
4778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quick delivery.  My 10 year old boy loved playing with this.
If you play with more than 4 players, get two boxes for more fun. Played up to 8 people this way for a super fun evening!
6176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We both have a lot of fun flying this around the house.
2626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loved it.
3424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my absolute favorite thing I've bought for my kid on Amazon (and I buy a lot for my kid on Amazon).  I first tried this at a friend's house.  The book showed how to face paint like a pro in no time (very good book on it's own).  The paints!!!  It goes on so smooth and the pigments are so very rich.  I was really impressed at that friend's house (it was a kid's party).  I recently bought this for my kid who likes to be a cat or a dog often- she'd ask me to paint her nose black with my makeup.  I should have bought this long time ago!  It's just an amazing quality product and it's so easy and not a bit messy (dries super quick).  I could do this daily.  I would buy this again when I run out- though it seems it would last a long time.  Would be great for a party, for halloween, or for any day.  Tip- eye make up remover on cotton balls/pads works very well to remove the paint.  Soap and water takes a while.
The quality and compactness off this pocket diary is a given. For those who don't like using the calendar in their phone, the hand-held diary is must.
7066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift for my grand-daughter and I'm sure she will love it.

To win, a player must meet a goal's conditions (s/he wins even if it is someone else's turn). To play a goal, a player places it up in the center of the table discarding any previous goals. Thus, you can be on your way to a win one minute, and light years away from winning a minute later.
7898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 4 yr. old grandson. He is a little young but he loves it. If it will last for a few years, he will learn a lot from it
2970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love throwing these monkeys off the bed!
3248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game! Shipping was fast and item arrived in perfect order.
2649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality. Exactly what he has been looking for!
8724	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I am a teacher and ordered this product for my classroom.  While I wouldn't expect this product to stand up to heavy abuse, it broke almost immediately.  One of the blue connector plastic pieces fell off after one of my students simply handled the sphere.  I spent ten minutes trying to get the two blue pieces 'clicked' back together, but they will not stay on the sphere.  Now I am simply waiting for the rest of it to fall apart.  Good idea in theory, but not if it cannot be used without breaking.
I won't lie...I had to read the instruction manual a few times to get a grasp on what was going on.  The hardest part was understanding how all of the cards were organized, though once I saw how the objective and five accompanying cards tied together, it became a bit more clear.  Each card has a deck identifier number on it, as well as an X of 6 identifier, which allowed me to clearly see which cards belonged to what deck when organizing them.  These little details went a long way in helping to keep the learning curve manageable.
353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An excellent expansion to Lords of Waterdeep and most importantly it adds a sixth player option to the game.
4725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This toy/model is great to get kids interested in the human body.  For the most part anatomically correct.  It was hard to put it together as the skeleton pieces did not fit together well.  I bought for my niece and she enjoyed taking it apart and putting it back together and learning where the organs went.
9778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this for my son's 2nd birthday. I ordered this particular one because I liked the idea of the carton to sit/store the eggs in.  I like the carton and it is sturdy, but it is kind of difficult to open the latch. I'm sure my son will figure it out soon, but it isn't something he could easily operate right off the bat. As far as the eggs, I do like them and think they are neat, but I was a little disappointed in the quality. Because of the quality, they are a little difficult to open and to push closed. Overall, I am satisfied and my son loves to play with them. The only reason I gave this toy 4 stars is that with a little improved quality this toy would be much easier for a small child to operate. It is great for learning and coordination, though, and is definately a great toy for small children.
1181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is my passion, and I'm not even that big on board games. I just love the complexity and the element of chance. Each time we play, the game seems different and it's a great family bonding experience.
The kids think that the dvd part is amazing! They love watching the scene and trying to guess what the question might be. I think it is kind of cool myself! Still, sometimes the game gets slightly long for younger children. My family does have fun playing this game, but it is one where you don't want to immediately play over again when it is done.

3321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good mix of diplomacy and risk.  It's a long game.  Players should definitely allow extra time to play their first game as the game is super complex, but really good says my 20-something son for whom I bought the game.  Very solid build quality - all of the pieces and components are high quality.  For serious gamers - there are no spoilers though if you haven't watched Seasons 2+, or read the second book, you will meet some new characters.
202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	we still play it. people seem to be pretty polarized about this game. some people really like it and some people really don't.

2959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable, well made, expressive facial designs - perfect!

4893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a really simple game that helps kids get the idea of creating sets of same color-different shapes, or same shapes-different colors. I love that they are wood and they have a nice feel to them. The pieces come in a bag so play, clean-up, and storage are easy. I also enjoy games you can play across language barriers or games that do not require reading (we host across ages and cultures). You can play this game between generations as well. Gentle game for spending time together.
5697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't my favorite fluxx game, but the kids enjoyed it. There's a rule where you have to talk like a pirate so it was a lot of fun.

If you're looking for a Han Solo miniature to paint, than look no further - this one is a winner. Highly detailed and portraying the hero in an action stance shooting his blaster, there is almost nothing to NOT like about this miniature (double negative there). The mold lines are thin, the detail is impressive, and the face sculpt is dead-on to the movies.
1747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids Love it, and we love it cause they do.  A++++++
It comes with a small amount of play money. Be aware that replacement money can be purchased at some grocery stores or at dollar stores. I also figured out that buying replacement plastic coins costs more than using real money!! I now let them use real coins instead of buying fake coins. Of course this is after my youngest stopped putting things in his mouth. If you worry about choking hazards just let you kids play without coins of any kind, with paper money.
4800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son totally loved this set, he put it together and took it apart so many times it isn't funny. I would have helped him, but I dislike touching the ikky guts.
I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review. I was not paid for this review , this is exactly the way I feel about this item after using it.
4273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this game because I'm a fan of Monty Python & Fluxx. It usually sells for $15, but this set with "free wooden box" was adveristed at $12. What a bargin!! (or so I thought....) It doesn't qualify for free shipping and by the time I realized it I payed an additional $10 for shipping. So instead of $15 & free shipping, with an order over $25, I paid $22 for just this one item. I should have bought the less expensive version and a second/different game.
The one negative about this diary is that I wish it had a design that let one slip the address book out of one diary and into the next year's diary. Many year's ago, Dad received free leather pocket diaries that he shared with all the family members that had that feature and it was incredibly handy.
 I read the instructions and concluded (somewhat sadly) that it wasn't for me. A time sink with no reward tha I cant gain from other activities.
1756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!  My children enjoy finding the elf (ours is "Eddie Eggnog") every morning leading up to Christmas.  Helps (a little?) to keep them behaved believing that he's watching them and reporting back to Santa.  All in all, a good little set, and well worth it just to see my kids interact with his "antics".

The Corporation is in control of the point cards and has to play them at the right time to score. The Runner has to attack the Corporation & find the point cards in order to steal them and score.
In the game you need to manage four different roles that are part of the XCOM game. The Commander is responsible for tracking the level of panic in the different continents that support XCOM along with assigning interceptors around the world to fight off alien UFOs. The Central Officer relays updates from the companion app and is also responsible for deploying satellites as part of the orbital defense initiative. The Chief Scientist assigns research-related tasks and allocates scientists to your projects. And the Squad Leader deploys soldiers to missions and handles base defense. Regardless of the number of players involved, someone will need to handle each of the different roles. Thus a 1-player game has the player dealing with all four roles at once.
2106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I think the idea behind the Elf is wonderful.  My daughter is 18 months and when she wakes up I say "Where is your elf?" and she goes looking and points to it.  The book says you can't touch them because they will lose their magic.  My daughter hasn't wanted to hold it or anything, because she never has.  I think the plush version will confuse kids if you have both, being able to hold one and not the other.  I don't tell her the elf is watching her when she is bad, and I won't ever tell her that even when she is older.  I think this is perfect as a family tradition if the parents don't use it to control their children.
3754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Okay, let's just focus on the fact that this isn't the full Core Rulebook and it doesn't have all the ins & outs and intricacies of the full system. It's not meant to have them...it's meant to be a game that gets you going. You learn enough to play a pre-generated adventure with pre-generated characters...but that's the point: you're learning to play the game. The rules tell you what you need to know when you need to know it.
569	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game ! We play it at home with the children & at church with the ladies...this is a great, fun game for all ages !!
Worth the money.
4436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun! Everyone in my family has a set. I bought this and Double Bananagrams. If you like scrabble, you will love this game.
134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great!  It has lots of ideas to help kids control their anger and understand the potential consequences of their anger.  It plays like Uno but requires the kids to answer questions.  I use it in my counseling practice.  I wish there were more great games like this for kids.  They get to play a fun game and learn some valuable skills.
2277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	way better than creepy peepy tom eyes
505	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for all ages...at the same time.
My only quip is with some of the artwork.  Seriously folks: what's with the Warrior?  He looks more like a drunk, feeble, middle-aged woman who's not sure if he should be wielding swords or brooms.  He also looks like he's about to pass out!  Rofl.  I think of the Warrior from our older edition, who looks like he's about to lay the smack down on some huge dragon with his giant lance, fitted with awesome armor/helmet and battle gear.
1359	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is a game my family and I have been able to play over and over and over again.  It's one of the best new games I've played in years.  I have the game, expansions and even the iPad version.  The classic physical board game is still my favorite with friends, but the digital version allows you to play against an AI pretty easily with no change in gameplay.
2519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every family needs a "Tile Lock Scrabble"--even if they already own the old version of the game.  The tile lock feature is very intuitive, but, at the same time, it makes all the difference for those playing the game.  The tile lock feature keeps the roles from sliding on the board.  So if you accidentally bump the board or want to hold it at an angle to visualize it differently, the tiles won't go sliding around.  This feature is worth its weight in gold if you have a youngster in the house who's prone to bumping the board.

4647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My granddaughter (8) saw this on youtube and wanted it for Christmas.  She put it together (with a little help) and was very interested in how everything 'fit'.  I was a little disappointed that she seemed so taken with the squishy organs that she didn't focus on what they do.  I do think that she will come back to this often and begin to really develop an understanding of body systems.  I plan to use it for teaching as conditions/illnesses present themselves I media or individuals she knows.
631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute card game, great for traveling with teens or other adults.  We travel by car a lot and this game is small enough to keep in the glove box and have on hand when the boredom sets in.
3793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Should you bother to play this game?  Short answer, yes.  Long answer, most definitely.  The Star Wars card game by Fantasy Flight is enjoyable and entertaining.  It's also an LCG so you can customize it too.  Now like any games it has some pros and cons.  But honestly most of the cons don't really hold up when you take a long look at them.  Let's go over some:
3924	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Fell Apart after one day!
8040	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm sure I'm a purist but I found the new board to be visually cluttered.  My son loves it, though, and it's a classic.  There is no doubt that this remains one of the most boring games for adults to play (I'll admit to slipping a double orange out of the pile to end my misery on occasion) but it does help the little ones learn how to take turns, increases familiarity with colors and teaches good sportsmanship (as long as he doesn't catch me cheating!!)

5339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a little hard to get the "hang" of the rule but fun to play.  Better for kids 8 years old and upward.
In terms of quality, I have no issues. It's well made, the quality of the book is really good. The illustrations seem like they could use a little more color and a little more skill, but they're fine overall. This book and the box it comes in along with the Elf are made to last few years.
1534	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great kit and the elf is very authentic looking.
- Very little player interaction
9714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for my pets! Dog, 2 kitties and litter box trained bunny! I have a mini Aussie who can run through it and my sister's dogs are larger but they can still turn around in it and go through it. It is a huge hit....My dog's 9 years old & experienced in agility courses. Loves this for playing at home...sometimes all the pets are in it together. :) & it's not scary for any of them, sinceit has a couple of mesh windows.
5236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my 2 years old son. This game is outstanding for learning shapes, colors, sequences, memory game and groups. I know that we will improving age by age the way we will playing with it. I am very satisfied. Even the price is expensive, it is really interesting for using and teaching your kids the multiple ways that we can play with it.
9823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 17 month old son was scared to death of this tunnel. So is one of the dogs. My wife and I like it. Our boy likes to throw his toy balls into it for me to fetch. The dogs don't understand that the screen-fabric "windows" are in fact not escape portals. It took time for son to come to love it. But for a while, it sat stored very compactly and unobtrusively.
4299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun and I love that it comes in a little banana bag so it's small and easy to store. Great for traveling.
The 9 different mini games seem to have quite a few different ones and the categories are: Movie Clips-where you view part of the film and answer a question; Sled Race-where you try and pick the winner of the sled race; Concentration-match a pair after viewing several pairs of characters in a grid- reminds me of the old Memory Game; Charlie-In-The-Box-Charlie gets shuffled and if your eyes can follow the box he's in, you have to guess when asked (reminds me of the old Shell Game); Santa's Sing Along- guess the words from the film's songs; Toy Sorting-guess which box of toys contains the most from the group on the shelf; Present Pop-Up- Watch the toys pop out of the boxes, then see if you can answer a question about what you saw; Bumble's Cave-you have to guess the voice of the person who's hiding inside the cave; and Santa's Memory-guess a detail from the film.  The game takes about 30 to 45 minutes to complete and the dvd keeps track of Bumble's every move and found toys. When our 4 adults had a hard time guessing the winners of the race and not being able to remember where the matches are in the Concentration Game, we knew this is a game that the entire family will enjoy.
We are using it to play when we visit with family who have a 3 1/2 year old boy and 2 year old girl.  We have not played yet with the 2 year old.  However, our six year old is now teaching our 3 1/.2 old how to play, he has a form of autism and he has responded well to learning how to play the game.  It is was also good for our daughter to help her younger cousin.  I think that is one of the reasons he responded so positively.

In addition, this expansion includes a whopping 19 upgrade cards, seven of which can also be used by Rebel and/or Imperial ships (Ive included details on some of my favorites below). The list of upgrades includes autoblaster turret X2, K4 security droid (a crew that lets Scum ships acquire a target lock after executing a green maneuver), Greedo, outlaw tech (a crew that lets your Scum ships acquire a focus token after executing a red maneuver), Bomb Loadout X2 (a 0 point which allows Y-Wings to take a bomb upgrade instead of a torpedo upgrade -- can be used by Rebels), R4-B11 (which allows you to spend your target lock to make the defender reroll any defense dice you chose), Genius (which allows you to drop some bombs after rather than before you move), R4 Agromech X2 (which allows you to acquire a focus token after spending a target lock on an attack), Salvaged Astromech X2 (which allows you to discard this card to also discard a face up damage card with a ship trait), unhinged astromech X2 (which allows you to treat ALL 3 speed maneuvers as green maneuvers), hotshot blaster (which can be discarded to perform an attack outside off your firing arc), BTL-A4 Y-Wing X2, and Andrasta (which gives an additional bomb slot to any Firespray  can be used on an imperial Firespray).

3728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Favorite. Game. Ever.
CONS:
6633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a classic!  I had to get it for my children so they could experience the same joys I had as a child playing it.  This game is fun for all ages.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!
3184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was trying to make the commitment to purchase the All Clad LTD saucier.
350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	makes the game better

6841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had already purchased this at Christmas time for another child.  My grandson liked saw this and decided he wanted the same thing. That really made things simple for me. So as of Christmas morning, I already knew what my grandson wanted for his birthday. Excellent 'toy' by the way.
8863	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have very small hands, and juggling other things is very difficult.  These balls are small, bean-filled and constructed pretty well for cheapo juggling balls.  They come with a little bag thingy for carrying them and instructions for how to juggle.  The instructions are't very good, but the balls are decent.
It's an attractive game (lot's of little pieces though!) that draws people to it. Good for getting people who don't like other German board games (Catan, Carcassone) to play. Can also play a reasonable game with only 2 people, although 3-5 is ideal.
The next phase is the Movement Phase, in which the investigators in Arkham move about and fight or evade any monsters in their new location, and then Investigators in any Other Worlds move, too, either to their second Other World space or back to Arkham. Other Worlds are places like R'lyeh or Carcosa, and you get their by attempting to close a gate (see below).


- Games can be short or ridiculously long depending on where some of those agendas are distributed in the deck

3029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game but takes a while to get instructions...
To recap, there are three current Hasbro (Milton Bradley) offerings. They are all offered on Amazon (at varying price levels) and I will cross reference the manufacturer's part numbers and also provide the relevant links to the games on Hasbro's Web site, although you cannot purchase directly there.
6497	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	5 almost 6 year old likes to play this game.
She got the gift
Personal Experience:



Unfortunately, it's been impossible to find Colgate TOTAL in liquid gel form in stores these days, so I'm very grateful to have found it here on Amazon.
1840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Now have a new tradition in my house!
2128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students are beginning the play, Romeo and Juliet. I often take snippets of language and provide the kids with access to the OED, annotated versions of the complete works of Shakespeare, and various other dictionaries and references, and challenge them to figure out what the quotes mean. However, packaging is important if you want to persuade teens. The playing cards seemed to add a more fun element, and persuade the students to look at the challenge as a game. It also helped me to differentiate the instruction invisibly by distributing cards of varying complexity to different students.



Now for the review. The basic premise of Bananagrams is that lettered tiles are distributed among the players, and everyone competes to use all the letters in the bag to build real words that are connected to each other like a crossword. Whoever finishes first wins. I'm in my 30s, but when my siblings, parents, and I get together we play Bananagrams and have a blast. The game is simple but so much fun and fast paced. It's good for your brain, vocabulary, and concentration skills.
1104	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for Family and Friends alike! I would recommend for any group that enjoys games.
3917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game great addition to my fleet.
2052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	they are pretty much priced the same everywhere..
1713	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have used this for 2 Christmas seasons.  Our  5-6 year old loves it and raced to find it eack morning
4170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I picked this model up to use with the Star Wars d6 role-playing game. It is almost exactly the same size as the Star Wars miniatures from Wizards of the Coast. I have not yet played Imperial Assault but I'm hoping Santa brings it to me this year. Great figure.
I bought this bag to keep plastic miniatures in, and can put a lot of them in there (several dozen). While the fabric doesn't feel especially luxurious, it has held up OK to weekly use for many months without any signs of wear. The sword emblem is also holding up well, with no signs of wear. The only wear item, if you want to call it that, is that one of the draw string knots untied and the string slipped out. I'm sure when I have some time, I can feed it back in and re-knot it. A minor annoyance. When the bag is full, the draw strings do have a tendency to gradually lose their grip (top of the bag slowly works its way open).  Not a biggie, but if you need a bag that will absolutely stay closed during transit, this probably isn't the bag you need.
- The mesh can snag - not too big of a deal, but you should expect a few snags.
 The pictures and descriptions describe it as well as anything But what to do with it is the question. It comes with a small book of 96 pages that describes how and why Roger von Oech invented it and what you can do with it. He describes the very interesting mathematics that is the basis of the shapes of the pieces or "whacks".To mathematicians,the Golden Ratio,the 30 sided rhombic triacontahedron ,and such have always fascinated scientists and are found many places in art and nature,and in this ball.
6130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great

6896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We love Mastermind and graduated from Mastermind Jr. It's a thinking game and it's great because it only requires 2 people. Good game to play with a kid at the pool or anytime. Adults like this game as much as the kids.
Durability: Both game pieces are like a mini-laptop in a hard plastic casing.  So it is indeed very durable.  The only thing that could cause a problem are the little red and white pegs with which you mark the game board.  These can be a hassle to pick up if a game board is dropped and it accidently opens up, sending zillions of little pegs rolling around on the floor.  These can also be a choking hazard to young people, so that needs to be taken into account as well.
2281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son as "his" elf on the shelf since we already have the Elf on Shelf for my other son and didn't want the same ELF. Very cute features. Love that it comes with a book and tells the store. He is bendable which is good to place in fun places, etc. I would recommend this Elf.
(1) Quantum Storm, a unique 4 point upgrade that gives you an energy token in the end phase if you have one or fewer energy tokens when you reach that phase.
5684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It another good Fluxx game, especially since we have 7 -8 people playing at a time.

The scenarios? Well, as I say I haven't had a chance to play them yet. They feature various new takes on the game mechanics - puzzles which the players set the keeper, no-keeper games, no prior set-up, hidden keeper actions and so forth. Whether this goes hand-in-hand with compelling game play is as yet unknown. The lavish production of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Forbidden-Alchemy/dp/1616612193/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Forbidden Alchemy</a>&nbsp;did not preclude lackluster game experience for some players (I personally do not care for the keeper experience in the Return of the Reanimator for example). Your mileage may vary.
9806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Grand son loved but pretty pricy.
3583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are really cute and I will buy again for a gift. It's a great addiction to a mermaid toy for a birthday gift.
You get a team of four pre-generated characters. If your game group is absolutely brand new to RPGs I can't think there is a better product out there for you: not only do they give you the rules, dice and figures, you don't even have to make the characters at first!

I win 85% of games now.  I don't meant to keep track, but I do.  And the first time I went logical I one all three winning conditions at once.
537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Set Enterprises INC is the genius behind Quiddler Jr, an educational game that is so much fun kids don't realize they are learning. I think my favorite kinds of games to play are word games and I have been looking for word games to play with my son now that he is learning to read. When I found out Set Enterprises INC was making Quiddler Jr I was ecstatic!
3636	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love board games. We played this one three times through the very first time. You'll love the quality of the pieces and art. The press your luck feel really adds to the drama. Lots of fun.
197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a business strategy game where the player has to decide when to buy into a company, represented tiles that turn-by-turn get spread across the playing board. Sound dry? Well, it is a little dry. But it does tell a pretty good story. It is fun to see a little startup company grow into a giant that gobbles up its rivals. There is also a neat mechanic at work where the game doesn't end until a player formally announces that the end conditions have been met, by either announcing that four companies are a set size of tiles, or one company has become too big.

368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is 2 so a little young for the full game. I pull out 10 or 15 o the tiles and we either play memory which some times he figures it out and other times he doesn't.. Which is to be expected. Or else we lay them face up and match that way. I also have him find certain tiles like where is the hard hat. This game is great for expanding their vocabulary! We talk about what each tile is and he repeats what it is. This game will last many many years and I love how many tiles it comes with. You really can make it a challenging game of memory by using all of the tiles. Great game!
7397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great well made item! Very functional super learning tool, and amazing and great for pretend!.. A 5 star toy cash register!.. :)

1843	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I was so disappointed to find that the design of this elf has changed since we got ours in 2009. Unfortunately, ours had a mishap this year (got too close to a lightbulb), and I needed to quickly replace him. I was impressed with Amazon at the speed with which he arrived. However, the new one looked NOTHING like the old one!! The quality of the painting was sub-par and messy, and the face shape, paint colors, eye shape, and hair were not as colorful or cute as our original one. The felt used for the body and hat on the new one is cheaper and rougher, more of a thick, scratchy felt than the soft one we had. He just seemed so dull and cheap, comparatively. Sadly, it seems they have let the quality go in favor of mass production. Luckily, only the body of ours had been damaged, so I was able to do a full head transplant, and my kids were none the wiser. When my kids noticed these new ones in the stores this year, they actually commented on how different they looked from theirs at home! Additionally, I looked for just the elf without the book, but found that I had to repurchase the entire set, so now I have an extra book and box. I wish I could find another of the older design elf- I would pick it up now and save it, just in case I need it in the future.
5563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game! I already own all the fluxx games, and I bought this for a friend! Its always a go to party game!
-adequate rulebook for getting into nitty gritty
(4) Mandalorian Mercenary, a level 5 non-unique pilot that costs 35 points.
The rules are easy enough to setup and play with quickly and the adventure in the book is easy to follow and customize.
5673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fluxx is such a great little game - portable and easy to learn, and the constantly changing factor keeps it always exciting.
622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Game sucks, stupid. Dont waste your $.
214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I grew up playing Monopoly.  Lots of people did.  It's unfortunate, because there was this gem just sitting there, begging to be played, but passed over.  Here's what was missed:
4875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For your 8+ year old kids, this is a good buy. Keeps them busy and helps them practice their counting!
The kids are loving the idea of hunting for him every day
9075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These games are great.



4924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game reminds me of IOTA.  It is more accessible to the younger crowd than IOTA, but still fun for adults.
1 reference card: Boost Action.
5545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for little ones.  Our kids 10 and 8 figured this out on their own.  I enjoy playing it too!
College kids aside, young ones and older ones will enjoy this game, too.  I can remember many a time visiting my grandparents' house and this is what we'd play.  And if you've never seen a grandparent get competitive, watch out!  They just might have a few tricks up their elderly sleeve.
My toddler loves his Llama Llama!
7063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy!  My 3.5 year old loves it...
6035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have enjoyed playing this game. A good group game.

This game is about the experience, but here's a few quick thoughts about the rules/components/etc. I appreciate that this game is easy to teach, and that you really can just jump right in and play. No one seems to have any questions, it's nice when the rules just blend into the background and the focus is on fun. I really like that each card has three possible questions and the reader gets to choose which one to pick. Aside from increasing replayability, this is an opportunity to direct the game a bit, avoid something you don't want to talk about, or explore what the other players might think you think on a fun topic.  This is the type of game you could really play for any length of time, but the scoring system seems to have the game play out for just the right amount of time. I did miss the meeples though! We love betting with the meeples in Wits & Wagers Family, and with the art of the game showing meeple images I found myself looking through the box a couple times to try to find them. There are tokens that are used instead, but I like the meeples better and wish they had been included in this game as well.
4310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game.
9416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this directly from seller, not through amazon.  Bought it when there were about 1, and now 1.5 years old.  Nothing bad to say about this at all. durable, sound is great.  my kids either jump on top of the drum and dance, sit on it, or turn over to sit & play inside... and drum still looks like new.
1629	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute and fun little tradition! Other than the actual a quality of the doll which can be debated, it idea is hilarious! What's even more hilarious are many of the 1 and 2 star reviews which complain that the Elf on the Shelf is creepy and a poor way to teach your children about morality and good behavior. So let's get this straight...
Graphics: excellent VGA graphics. Make sure you have at least 8mb of ram, because when Ashardalon appears during the final chapter it WILL freeze up your system!
Overall, I like the game, the pieces are typical of a board game in this price range. The game was fun to play  and it was a bit complicated at first, but it wasn't hard to get into the swing of things. A great present for SOA fans or a game to change up your game night.
1597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun tradition for our family.
Dungeon Roll is a game that is hugely built on luck. There is absolutely strategy involved in how you want to use your characters or if you want to use your treasures or save them for the end game tally (for example, a Vorpal Sword can stand in during a battle as a fighter - but once you use it as such, it gets discarded in much the same way a die-based fighter would go to the graveyard. However, using it might mean the difference between finishing the level or losing and having to return to the inn without earning any experience. However, if you keep it, that sword gives you one more point during the final score tally). Because of this and the different character cards, there is actually a good deal of random unpredictability to the game. In our first dozen or so matches, none of the games really played out in the same way.

5670	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the family and friends. It is a fun game to play just pay attention to the game the rules always change. We have a Table Top Gaming Group club and we play this game and average of 20 times a month. We are now keeping track of our games on FB (Table Top Gaming Group) and have played this game 34 times in the past 22 days.
9937	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this tent for a recent beach trip with our 2 year old. The assembly was super easy and it folds up small enough to fit in my beach tote. I would suggest planning to place something heavy in the bottom to avoid being blown by the wind when the child is not inside, but otherwise, it's perfect!

4103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This produce is simply hero cards and monster cards (along with a few necessary minion familiar cards) that accompany the related components from the first edition of Descent and its expansions and promotionals.
8173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this as a "present" for a friend who is a nurse. They LOVED it and played it as soon as they opened it on Christmas. Brought a lot of laughs.
The hardest game for two players I've ever loved to death
7676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't care who you are, you will have fun playing this game. Even the most reserved people will yell their heads off playing Pit. I played this game with a group that included an 8th Grader and an Attorney. No one could stop yelling and laughing. This is a great party game!
Part of that is strategy.  Do you block a potential Qwirkle and potentially hurt yourself later?  Do you hang on to a tile you can play in hopes of getting a Qwirkle later?  Do you play the other tiles in your hand here or there?
7058	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children used the old fashioned version of this toy growing up.  Now I've given my Grandson this toy and he enjoys playing with it as much as his parents did with the old fashioned one.  Great toy and I'm glad there is a 'Modern' version now.
5471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Scene it? Twilight Saga Deluxe is a fun game for the whole famliy. It will be more fun, however, if you have watched the movies. There were a lot of different scenes not seen before so that made it more fun. The game is very engaging and would recommend it for 10+ as well. I played this with my daughters, and do plan to get more Scene it games in the future.
3541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great!
398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the old lady doll.  My granddaughter loves this story and with the book, the animals and the old lady, we will have lots of fun!  I would recommend this doll to anyone.
1726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in excellent condition. The box that the elf comes in is reusable and even has a place to store the book that comes with it. I was very satisfied. Thanks guys.
7183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This register is very simple - no bells and whistles, which I like. My daughter loves to play store or library or many other things with it. She's 3 now, so just punches buttons - but I can see that as she gets older this will grow with her. I also love that there are no batteries required!
Finally, the tutorial itself is a great way to learn the game as long as you enter it with the right mindset.  It introduces concepts while playing and only a little bit at a time so we had players, especially experienced gamers, wondering what everything did right away but the tutorial wasn't telling us that yet.  If you don't look at it as specifically a learning game where you don't get all the information up front then it can be frustrating.  But if you do it was a smooth process that got me completely up to speed while actually doing it and I think I would have no problem teaching this game to others now.
2805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tad Hills in an excellant author, and my pre-k class last year loved his stories.  I know my pre-k class this year will be just as excited to hear the stories, and meet Rocket, as he shares his love of learning to read and write, just like my pre-k class will be doing.
7573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game!  The bell is a great addition to the classic game.  Worth it.
The game itself is okay.  We found it dragging at some points, but it is a good background game to play while having a good conversation.  Also, keeping score (by tally) can become tedious.
2840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	for a gift
2751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	There's a Llama ranch near our house. My grand daughters love the llamas and we have to stop and watch they when we drive by.  Bought the Christmas llama doll and 4 of the books that teach nice lessons about sharing, bullying, etc. The doll is made nicely.  The girls keep taking off his pj's so right now he's a little chilly since its winter.
Playing this game without a playmat is chaos.
5078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	purchased as a gift. it was well received.

1038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this game! It is one of my all time favorites and love introducing people to it

4177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own every non epic ship released for this game. They are all fantastic, well detailed models with solid rules. I have received two ships that were damaged and customer service has replaced those quickly with little trouble.
The "water color" pictures are nice but it is sometimes hard to tell where you are supposed to be.
4 Stars
140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Pigeon!
Overall, the game is for kids, and since the kids love it, that's a pretty good sign for the game. I wish as we as adults played along that it were a little more fun and that the technical problems weren't there, but again, it's a game for kids, and they like it a lot.
SOUNDS BASIC, WHAT MAKES THIS SPECIAL?
It is quick and easy to learn and younger children can probably pick up the point of the game quickly. We played with an 11 year old but a smart kid who is 9 or 10 could easily play with no problems I believe.
* The elf flies back to the North Pole each night and tells Santa what he has seen - when he comes back he goes to a new spot in the house.

637	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	One of my students said he loved this game, so I bought it for my son.  I didn't realize that there were two versions of it - one for 7+ and this one for ages 12+.  The 12+ game has a LOT of pretty gross questions in it. None that I would use with a student or want my children exposed to.  There are a lot of other games out there that are a LOT more "mature" and are also very fun.
Another positive for a family game is that you can play this in about 30 minutes.  This isn't a marathon board game that sucks all the fun out of the game over the hours (I'm looking at you Monopoly!).  Its just right for a family game.

964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son really likes this game. He is eight years old and it really getting into board games. This game has enough challenge to keep him interested but not too much that it is overwhelming. It also forces him to read the route names and learn so geography, this is a plus.
7567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has withstood the test of time.  A great beginner game.
1955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loved finding this everyday.  I did unstick his hands and then put wire in his arms in legs. You can find blogs and youtube videos on how to. I would recommend so you can make him do more fun things.
3001	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The best thing about this roomy bag is that it's washable!!
- Second, even a five year old can play this game!  Someone has to coach them through it each round at first, but my daughter got the hang of it and can play it.  She prefers to be the one making the code, not breaking the code, but that's fun too.
9942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Days of fun!!
The kit includes an All Purpose Cleaner with interesting ingredients like Birch Bark and it goes to work on floors to produce a lustrous shimmer. The plant derived surfactants in the Countertop Spray deep clean everything from counters to baseboards and more. I washed down doors, walls and anything else I could find to clean.

2839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought to give as a gift with Llama Llama books.  Perfect! Great quality toy. So soft and cute.
Enjoy.
2002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really like the story and the concept of the elf watching over them to see that they are good girls and boys. My kids also like waking up to try and find where the elf is hiding. However, at age 1 and 3 they screamed to hold the elf and I let them. So, they take turns holding the elf while I read the story. I see no point to adhere to that part of the story where the elf loses his magic if he is touched. My kids love taking turns playing with him like he is their little friend. However, they know that he will hide at night and that they must find him.
The motor is pretty strong and can turn the majority of gears if they are placed carefully.

In Acquire, turns are fairly simple. Players place a tile, players buy up to three stocks, and finally players pick up a new tile from the supply. Tiles correspond to the squares / grid on the board...for example...you'd place the 1A tile if you had it onto the 1A square on the board / grid.
1290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Originally posted at [...], a new idea everyday!
Seriously, this game might have been great in its day, whenever that was, but you've got a lot more options now.  Those kids don't stay little and cute forever, so why not buy a geniunely fun game to play with them?
I'd say the enjoyability of this game isn't limited to Living Card players or Star Wars fans. I enjoy both the mechanics and the thematic elements of this game a great deal. It's also quite easy to learn to play for even the most inexperienced gamers.
8016	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	My son loved this toy, but we returned it as the digital display never functioned properly and displayed only gibberish rather than numbers. Sure, I got my money back, but did not appreciate the hassle. Also, the drawer opens so forcefully that money flies out every time... my son needs no help making messes. Looking at other brands as I'm very hesitant to buy this product again.
Last night, we sat down to play this, with our partner, so we were a group of 4. It took some head-scratching, and re-reviewing the rules, and on-the-spot house-rule-making, but we had a blast.
Several things that I like:
5330	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids (9 and 11 years old) love this game and so do the parents and grandparents.. Nice quality wood game pieces, with a nice clothbag included  Makes a nice gift.

393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good addition to my reading area.
9173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You will need these to expand your Brio set. They are very robust and will not break unless really abused.
5164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 12 year old has wanted this game for a couple years now. Loving it!
9983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have not even opened this yet, but I will update you as soon as my son goes to play with it...but it shipped and we recieved within two days or ordering it! Hope my soon to be one year old will enjoy this as his first birthday present!
9561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter liked it a lot.
948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Would be nice if the board had notches for the trains so they wouldn't slide everywhere
1390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride (TtR) is a great game for people who aren't really that experienced in the board gaming world.  Most of us Americans grew up with a bunch of famous named games (Monopoly, Risk, Life, etc) but often these games leave much to be desired because they are either: long, tedious, or too dependent on luck.  Lucky for us, over the last 15-20 years game manufacturers both here in the US and in Europe are pushing games to our market and the popularity and success is too much to ignore.  Days of Wonder has created a Euro-Style board game in TtR but have removed a lot of the more bulky rules that deter most people from wanting to play new board games.
2619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift.
3255	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Long match but entertain to play and make alliances
If I ever played this game again, it would have to be under 3 conditions:  1.  This game has a ton of little fiddly components, it should be set up on the table before everyone arrives.  It's one thing if you're not sure you're going to play a game or not but this is something you plan an evening around.  That alone can cut 20+ minutes out of total play time.  2.  Everyone needs to read and, this is the important part, UNDERSTAND the rulebook before you play.  Yes, it is a deep system and yes, some stuff you can only really fully grasp after you play and you will inevitably be asking questions and flipping back through the book.  But my first play had some people asking questions (and sometimes the SAME questions over and over) about very simple concepts in the system that proved they either didn't read the rulebook or didn't understand what they were reading before playing.  3.  All players need to make a concerted effort to have their moves planned out before it is their turn.  Yes, there will be occasions where you need to slow down and consider your options, especially toward the end of the game.  But in a four player game you have 3 other player's turns to have at least made an effort to work out your strategy (not to mention I assume you've spent the whole rest of the game at least working on a guideline of what you're attempting to do) and there is no excuse for 30 minutes of downtime for a player for just one phase of one turn.  There also needs to be a player who understands the game well-enough and has a leadership mentality enforcing these guidelines, especially when it comes to telling players to "Go!"
6028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game! Wish there were more gangs included. The expansions are almost the same price as the whole game, but love the game. Even my husband likes it and he doesn't even watch the show. Very fun. New game night favorite.
4566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game take the competitiveness out of scrabble. There is no board and no points values on the letters. Just plain tiles in a banana-shaped bag. Great for kids, easy to travel with. Educational and fun.
2926	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly, as described.  Excellent!
5052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift, was a  hit with the kids
7574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for a group of people to play! Very competitive and lots of interaction.
7539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good product
Assets: Haas Arcology AI, Cerebral Overwriter, Alix T4LB07, Director Haas, Thomas Haas, Server Diagnostics (neutral), Levy University (neutral)
2652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very authentic looking love these
2543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is absolutely perfect.  It is even much nicer and better looking than what I expected.  Great for travel or just sitting out at the picnic table.
4096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived very quickly. I ordered four mats for campaign style games for, "Star Wars X Wing Miniatures". All the mats look great and the material is very sturdy.
1473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is one of the best games ever.  The best part is that it is also one of the easiest to learn.  I taught my 8 year old brother a week ago and now he plays it as well as anyone.  A great game for the family or for just with your friends.  I am a huge board game fanatic and this is easily one of the top 5 games we go to the most often.  If you are interested in trying out strategy board games for the first time, this is definitely the one you want to start with.  Simple rules and yet lots of fun.  It's even a ton of fun for those who do not like to think too much just to try to troll and block others' routes.  A must own!
1296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For those of you who are interested in playing a boardgame, but have really no experience in playing them, this is a great start. Anyone over the age of six or so should not have a problem sitting down and enjoying this beautiful and sleek game.
6683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
7312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift

610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is lots of fun for almost all ages!
The game is played with a special set of dice that determine how far the cars go around the track. It has tons of relpy value as each time you race the randomness of the dice really changes things. Also, on multiple times I've seen the player in dead last, for most of the game, win the race. I enjoy that because it keeps everyone involved.
The next phase is the role phase.  In this phase, the player leads one of their role cards by choosing a card from the board and playing it in front of them.  The card may then be boosted by adding additional cards from their hand with matching symbols.  The role effect is then resolved along with the leader bonus, taking into account the number of symbols used to boost the role.  The survey role allows a player to look at 1 fewer than the number of survey icons played and add it to their hand.  Leading allows them to look at 1 additional card.  The warfare role allows a player to collect fighters for each symbol used.  Leading allows the player to attack a planet instead of collecting fighters.  The colonize role allows a player to place 1 colony per icon under a planet in their empire.  Leading allows them to settle a planet with sufficient colonies under it instead.  The produce role allows a resource to be produced on empty slots for each icon while the trade role allows a resource to be traded for 1 influence for each icon.  Leading in either produce or trade allows no bonuses until the stack is depleted, then it adds 1 icon of the appropriate role.  The research role allows a player to take a technology card and add it to their empire, assuming they have the prerequisite planet(s) and enough research icons to pay for it.  Leading in research provides no bonus until the stack is depleted.  Like the produce/trade role it then gives an additional icon at that point.  When the player finishes with leading their role, the remaining players in turn order may either dissent or follow.  Dissenting allows them to draw an additional card from their deck.  Following allows them to play cards from their hand that match the symbol of the chosen role and perform the role effect without the leader bonus.
And the app also plays more subtle roles in terms of randomizing the initial mix of aliens or determining your budget per round. Success in a mission and a lack of UFOs around the planet really help you while failing to deal with such threats can delay your progress significantly. And should you leave any UFOs in orbit, communications can then get disrupted and the app will start randomizing how it relays information to the Central Officer. Thus you may be forced to allocate interceptors before you know where all of the UFOs will land around the planet. All these little quirks just add to the dynamism of the game.
5998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition for the price.
1830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this elf friend is so cute loving and is a great best buddy for kids at home to kids at school and also is a fun member of your family!
It's a unique and fun toy.
9318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My baby girl loves this drum. I got it for her when she was about 7 months old and she immediately took to it! Can't wait to get more Remo drums for her!

8581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 7 year old and I really enjoy this game. It's a little harder for my 5 year old to grasp so he doesn't show much interest yet, but all in all its a fun game.
As I said, points can be earned by selling goods and by subduing planets, but also by possessing of some research cards.  Whoever has the most at the end wins.
FINAL THOUGHTS
7566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
3233	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The new investigators and ancients ones are nice, but we never use the board because it really isn't very interesting.  If you use this board you have to dedicate 1 investigator to running around on that board all game and never closing portals or collecting clues.  It's pretty pointless.  We do use the 2 new "other worlds" and their corresponding portals.  We just put Dunwich over top of this board to show the other worlds only.
5259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The first time I played the game with 2 other players, who both thought they were smarter than me and laughed at me when I asked questions on how they interpreted the rules.  One of my opponents had played the game prior to our "match" on more than one occasion.  It turned out, I had interpreted the rules correctly and missed many opportunities to play the way I should have been "allowed" to play, but I still beat the other two players.  I would play every day if I could.  Great game for mental stimulation, motor skills, strategy, etc.
9454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A GIFT FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER, IT IS VERY CUTE AND SEEMS TO BE OF VERY GOOD QUALITY. IT WAS RECOMMENDED BY MY DAUGHTER SO THERE IS NO GUILT FOR THE NOISE IT MAY MAKE! MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVES MUSIC AND THE PRINT IS ADORABLE!
I think my favorite thing is that you can't tell what the picture is. I always hated standard dot to dots growing up because I could look at it and see what the picture is before I even begin. Not so here by far. All I see is what looks like "buckshot" on the page. Dots everywhere and I can't make heads or tails of it just by looking.
7448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the favorite first game of our families!
2577	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these books- my nephew has a few of them already and I can't wait to give him this one for our Thanksgiving road trip this year!
4669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3.5 yr old daughter is fascinated with the human body (parts, organs, etc...).  So I bought this for her.  She LOVES it.  She knows all the organs (this comes with) and where they are in the body now.  She has fun taking the pieces out and putting them on the organizer.  Good, educational fun.



I wish they were a little less spendy but if they are mess free and keep a toddler busy for a few minutes they are worth it.
4548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for a loved one who has just been diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time in her life, and is having a very hard time. This poetry kit is full of an excellent range of words, from the typical  "beauty" and "heal" and "hope" to "medicine" "sick" and "hurt." It's truly a great set to have for the magnetic poetry word collector in your life who could use a little inspiration during a hard time in his or her life.
This is Fluxx but with python you get keepers like the Hand of God that can change things, the Knights who say Ni, rules that count "1-2, 5 (3 sir)" and actions that can be taken if the rules get "Much too Silly!"
a great game and exciting to get CIRCLE QWIRKLE (say that 10 times!)- or any other qwirkle.
5373	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We really enjoy this game of Quirkle.  It has been played by Adults and even young children in our extended family.  It can be easy for the young ones, or challenging for the greater thinkers as they come up with complicated moves.  It is a little like playing scrabble, but easier!
7464	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Game is just too difficult.

4342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was purchased as a gift for a friend.  I added it to her "Little Box of Sunshine".  It looks like a fun game - kinda' reminds me of Boggle...
Fun and Simple Gameplay
WizWar is no exception.  The pieces are durable.  The game is well balanced, and the rules are simple to read and understand.
2831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is almost perfect. I love that it is machine washable. Llama llama does actually look like the character in the book. My only issue with this is that fuzzy llama doesn't look anything like a llama. It looks like a bear. It's not even close, by any stretch of the imagination. Still, my four year old daughter doesn't seem to notice or mind. It just bothers me a bit because this would have been perfect if only fuzzy llama actually looked like a llama.
1123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE this game.  We play Settlers of Cataan and Risk, etc. and this game is shorter and fun.


8484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	one of my 7-year-old's favorite games...he loves it because it is fast paced, fun, and he can legitimately win it.  We love it because he practices his addition (his job is to count EVERYBODY's score) and he has to memorize things and focus and yet it doesn't feel like a chore. It is an added bonus that each game is quick (usually under 5 mins), doesn't take lot of space which means we often take it to doc offices, restaurants, and any place we know will have some wait times that we do not want to fill with electronics.
They are approximately 2 1/i inches in diameter, so smaller than the typical juggling ball size.
* Paper pad doesn't stay put
THE GAME ITSELF IS ENGAGING AND FUN, JUST HATE THE DESIGN OF THE NEW BOARD.
8860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the best most amazing toy ever great for 0-100 years old  -- I'd give it more stars if I could because it is one of the bests things I have ever bought.  The top is extremely durable and even withstands a baby crawling and sitting on it. Great sound and just an all around fun time for a kid to play by herself, with other kids or with adults.

Two new creepers are interesting, easily gotten rid of, and add a bit of variation to play
5974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Star Trek: Ascendancy, from Gale Force Nine, is a new Star Trek themed civilization building game.  The core game comes with three factions: the Federation, the Romulans, and the Klingons.  Each faction starts out on its home world, equidistant from the other players and without having made contact.  Players start with a control node, and all three other nodes on their home world- production, research, and culture.  First, players may spend resources (the same as the nodes), to improve the weapons or shields of the ship, build new control nodes (thus colonizes the planet) and resource nodes once they have spread out into the galaxy, or build more starships.  During the engagement phase, a player may exhaust his command tokens to take actions like build a starbase (which lets you build more ships far from your home world), select research cards (you can never be working on more than you have research nodes), attack another factions ship's or colonies (with military might or with culture), group several ships into specialized fleets, or move.  Movement is very important in the game, because it allows you to build the map.  When you leave one of the system discs you roll a dice that tells you if the hyperspace lane you are building is length two, three, or four.  Place the appropriate length lane on the board and when your ship reaches the end it can arrive at new system disc.  The player would then draw a new system disc (some of which have hazards to brave, some of which aren't planets at all, but dangerous phenomena that can destroy a ship or reward research).  Players can also enter warp by placing the ship just outside the system and laying down a warp token, which allows ships to travel directly to other systems at a distance equal to the number of warp tokens are next to it (more are added every round).  During the final phase players check for victory, collects resource tokens from nodes and trade agreements, and do some house cleaning.  Players that have made contact with each other can then bid for turn order by spending resources.  The first player to gain five ascendancy tokens wins the game (paid for with five culture), or if one player has destroyed the others he wins.
7443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic Chutes and Ladders.  Isn't going to last 20 years like the original version, but it's got fun graphics and kids always love playing this.  It's a favorite in my 1st grade classroom.
3) There's still an amount of randomness, and you might have things to do even when it's not your turn.
2820	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am in love with the Pete The Cat Series, and cannot wait to use the puppet with the stories with my new class in September.  I know they will be so excited to meet Pete, and will love to hold him during story time.
1649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my grandsons. It's great to bring them out after Thanksgiving! They report to Santa on the kids behavior. My daughter started this with her daughter at 3 and she gets really creative doing it nightly, such as where she puts it and has the elf leave notes and treats. She puts her in a different spot each time so her daughter has to find her Elf that she named Faith.... I decided to buy for my two grandsons so their parents can start this tradition too. I just bought my granddaughter the reindeer so the Elf can have her friend. This item comes with the story as well. It's perfect to do with your children and see them get excited daily up to Christmas Day. Great value and fast shipping.
4947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to teach kids

100 cards and a set of instructions. The cards are not plastic/linen coated, but seem fairly durable. The cards consist of six types: Goal, Action, Basic Rules, New Rule, Keeper, and Creeper.
8934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a small child (5 years). The pieces are sturdy and allow for many combinations. He seems intrigued and I think it will last him a long time. This set is also compatible with other Gizmos and Gears sets. Overall a cheaper option to Lego that stimulates young minds.
2821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I teach music and we've started working with the PETE THE CAT book series (PK/K Music) just for fun.  The children love the books and helping out with the singing/chanting parts of the story. Having Pete The Cat to demonstrate or pantomime the song(s) helped even more!  This is an adorable stuffed animal!
3796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	For those who loved Magic, but want more bang for their buck and don't mind a hacker sci-fi theme, this could be a good product. If your still interested, and wanted Magic to be a bit more complicated, a little bit longer, and allow for a bit of bluffing, this is a GREAT game!
Brightly colored vinyl type of covering around beads.
Play begins with a Mythos phase and then goes into upkeep, so that the Investigators have something to do during that first round. The Upkeep phase is the bookkeeping phase, allowing everyone to refresh their cards (if they were "tapped" last round), perform upkeep actions that might be on your character card or skill cards, and to move your character's skill sliders. A character's skills (as opposed to skill cards, which you can get throughout the game to augment your character) are set into three sets of converse pairs. For example, Speed is paired with Sneak, Fight is paired with Will, and Luck is paired with Lore. The pairs of skills have inverse ratios such that moving your skill slider to a higher Fight score means that you are choosing to have a lower Will score. If you want to be faster, you are going to be less sneaky, etc. You also have another attribute called Focus, and that score determines how many total spaces you can move your sliders during upkeep. If you have a Focus score of more than one, you can split the allowable spaces between different pairs of skills, moving more than one skill slider if you wish. Since you are able to do this every upkeep, it really feels like you are steeling your character's reserve after deciding on a particular plan of action, and deciding on those plans of actions is what really drives the interaction of the players. Being a cooperative game, anything that facilitates player interaction is a good thing, and Arkham Horror has it in spades.
Basically, the new exploration card mechanism works like the accelerated start people use in Monopoly; some cards are dealt to the players at set-up rather than going onto the board (though the players only get to look at them after certain events occur). Some cards still have to go on the board. This removes the linearity of the Mansions of Madness investigation process, which is a bad thing in my view, while making set-up slightly quicker - which is a laudable goal.
686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love teaching my kids to give, save and share. You've made it so simple and they look forward to using this!
7764	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family and friends loved this game and played till we started to lose our voices!  Takes only a minute or two to explain the rules.  When we have visitors from abroad it's tough to find a game that they can participate in.  Pit is perfect.  Great for those who use Sign Language as well.
4876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There are so many numbers on the page it is overwhelming to me as an adult, but it is what my daughters wanted...so we got them for them. Santa brought them, and they are happy, and that is what counts.




They're heavy enough to stand up to high temperatures without warping.  It's recommended that you wash these by hand -- I concur (and I LOATHE washing dishes by hand), but these are really easy to clean up, due to the quality of the coating.

4836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is not exactly a toy, but for people who enjoy words and puzzles, it's fun. I bought it as a gift for my 14-year-old son, since he had enjoyed the other books in this series. It's good practice for the standardized tests, but it's enjoyable, too. I had a hard time finding this advanced level book, so I was glad it was in stock at Amazon.
7838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game
This is a game that you will bring out over and over again. You will find that it will bring you closer together, encourage a broader vocabulary and spend some true quality time together!
4758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was THE HIT Christmas morning.  I'm so glad I got it.  I wasn't sure about it because of other reviews, but the learning application possibilities was too tempting for me.  Our 4 1/2 yr old is fascinated with the body and how it works and is always playing doctor.  She was so excited to put all the 'guts' on the matching sheet, so her and her dad did that while I festiduously assembled the clear body case (which is the worst part and gets the worst review).  Knowing going into it, that it would probably not match up good, and the tabs would likely snap off, I was prepared for disappointment, but hopeful.  Unfortunately, the reviews on the clear case are accurate.  Although I didn't break any tabs, I can see how that would easily happen if you weren't careful.  And it must be the type of plastic or something, that it warps a bit??? All in all, it's a GREAT learning tool for inquisitive young minds and I'm sure it will come in handy down the road for science, health and biology projects.
5814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for myself....I never knew they had such large connect the dots. So much fun and such a challenge. So relaxing and great pastime. I love the pictures which you can color if you choose. Would recommend as a great Christmas Socking Stuffer or a anytime gift.
5938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Deck building games have been on my radar after playing "Dominion" earlier this year. The concept for Flip City is easy. Get rid of the cards that harm you and set yourself up for a winning turn before your opponent.
9016	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect floor drum not all cheap like most you find at the stores
5915	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Dungeon Roll is a push your luck style of game that actually proves surprisingly fun once you wade through the somewhat murky rulebook. This is a dice rolling game that is quick to set up and play, but has plenty of replay value in its small, portable package. Founded on a successful Kickstarter, Dungeon Roll has a great dungeon crawling theme that plays out in fast, unpredictable fashion.
255	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	In a nutshell, it is 4th edition DnD with tabletop miniatures and maps included.  it has the "core rules" incorporated for a board game edition of DnD and allows for mixing and matching between this game and the other two titles of this genre.  I have a few friends over  once in a while to play, and it's nice because we can geek out without having to go through all the headaches of keeping up with full blown DnD "stuff" (character sheets, and special rules, and new books, and edition changes, etc).
2. There is a lot of intensity at times, balancing which units are attacking, which will be available on your opponent's attack and how many cards to burn on an edge battle.

4933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun fun family game, or even just adults.
One of the stops on our trip was to visit some old friends - and they had the game out on their counter. They play it every day. We were immediatly hooked.
6082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love a great game that is unique and different than the rest.
On a player's turn, they will each perform 3 phases; action phase, role phase and cleanup phase.  The first phase is the action phase.  This phase is optional and can be skipped if the player chooses to.  In this phase, the player may play a card from their hand and resolve it's action effect.  Survey cards allow you to draw 2 cards from your deck.  Warfare allows a player to either collect a fighter token or attack a planet by returning a number of fighter tokens and flipping over a planet in the player's empire.  Colonize cards allow a player to colonize by placing a the card under a planet in their empire or to settle a planet that has the correct amount of colonies already on the planet.  The produce/trade card allows a layer to either add a resource token to an empty slot on a planet or to return a resource for 1 influence token.  Research allows a player to remove 2 cards from their hand from the game.  This helps to thin down the player's deck.  Politics allows a player to trade it for a different role card.  The politics card is then removed from the game.  Some technologies also have actions which do different things, depending on the card.
Thanks to Amazon though, I rate it 4 stars
9139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality and sound. Great-granddaughter loved it.
4315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!

677	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This jar is a sweet addition to teaching our daughter about money. We love that it is color coded so she can put the color with the action.
6457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls loved the junior version of this game and now they love the regular version of this game.  They play it all the time. They enjoy the challenge and find it fun.  I know it is like brain food for their minds, contemplating patterns and strategy to help the car escape.
All of this new stuff may complicate the game a little, but it also can help to keep things fresh. It allows both zombie and human players to try different strategies and approaches. Absolutely worth considering if you're a fan of Last Night on Earth.
6755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Trouble has become a classic game in the tradition of Monopoly, Clue, Chutes and Ladders, to name a few.
You get a bag of stands to clip the card token into.
Fun game for parties or friends -- or just couples who want to sit around and have some fun at night.
633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	While on vacation my kids' got hooked on the Would You Rather Questions that we found.  So we got the card game for home to play as a family.  It's fun to play with the whole family!
8961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Sure for an adult we can pick apart that the dolphins don't link together easily and their musical notes aren't very reliable but I have a 2 year old that absolutely LOVES this toy.  She screamed her head off last night when I had to finally pull her out of the tub.  Stop being so critical over a effing bath toy.
7266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great gift for my 6 year old granddaughter.  She loves it and its something we can do together.
5751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are loving these cards! Nice size and quality.
4912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun
9101	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun

For us, adults, the elf is simply a fun toy, but to the kids, he is REAL. And that can be very unsettling for them. Just don't do it to your kid. It's not worth it, it's mean, and as a parent who has done it I can tell you that it doesn't feel good to me to have to lie to my child on daily basis and make her be so excited about something that I know is one big lie.
- Seek and Compare
8349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is more like the version of the old game from many, many years ago which is what we wanted so its great.  Materials are the decent quality you'd expect for a board game (no issues).

3565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent and fun stickers for preschoolers for fall and Halloween! The children loved them!
5379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I play this with my 10 year old. It is very nice game. Game pieces are hard wood and durable. Does not need anything further. It helps kid to design a strategy, anticipate future moves, locate patterns, plan moves based on their current pieces. Overall I loved it.  The game is certainly for kids in 8-12 range.
1050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super simple dynamics, and a great game for friends, family, kids, etc.! Easy to learn, and variety of play is good.
1746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just what we were looking for
Yes, the play is very simple. Yes, you do play somewhat independently. But we really really like it. The fact that the leader can draw a hard tile and someone else can win at the last second.
5047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very happy

1167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game. I bought for my 8 year-old girl who loves board games a lot but it took a while for her to understand the rule and the concept.
8379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my grandson.  He loved it.

This box, on the other hand, is large enough to hold perhaps at least 90 decks plus extra materials. A single column can easily hold 30 player decks.
As with all versions of fluxx, the game starts simply enough.  You have three cards to start, and you draw one, play one.  Seems simple until you play rule, action, or goal cards to change things up.  You win the game with keepers and are either hindered or helped with creeper cards (depending on the goal).  It is a VERY random and sometimes silly game.  My six year old daughter loves playing the game, even though she cannot follow most of the rules, and acts as a spoiler most times making a random game even more random.

The graphics are so awful that this game was actually WORK to play.  This was one of my favorite games as a kid, and the new one is so poorly designed as to be unusable.  Fans of this game, don't waste your money!
495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Teaches your kids a fun way to read. My kids have never had so much fun learning!!!!
I would give this a high learning curve for people that have never played CCGs or TCG.  The game is so thematic that both sides have their own terms for the same thing.  The drawpile for a runner is the stack while the corporation has R&D.  Trashed cards go into the heap for a runner and archives for the corporation.  There is also various card terminology that would require multiple lookups throughout the game.  The first few games with two people that have never played ANR will probably have each person looking up terms or finding out what specific cards mean or figure out the timing for abilities.  Playing with someone that already knows the game and can give instructions in layman's terms will cut down the time a lot.
7361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grand-daughter loves the game!
8096	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I couldn't wait to buy Candy Land for my daughter.  I loved Candy Land when I was younger & I remember being jealous of the newer, cooler versions that came out after "my time".
Play it a few times to get a handle on the strategies, but that is not an issue since replayability is very good with this game. It is easy to teach and had been a hit with a variety of different people. I am always willing to play a game of Ticket to Ride.
(3) Randomly selected Governor card -- which gives each player one of 24 different special abilities;
1583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A perfect gift for my grandsons. It was what I expected.
4084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I won't go into great detail because it's really not needed, other's have covered what's in the box. Even though you can get X-Wings in the starter set, you still need 1 X-Wing and one Tie Fighter expansion for the unique pilot cards included. Wedge is only available in this expansion or as promo-cards for playing tourneys and is one fo the better pilots. Garven is also useful, so it's worth the $15 for the expanison, especially since they have been released after a shortage of them for a while.

6074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	An amazing racing game that had all of us laughing and having a great time.  For a roll and move game, it was pretty amazing to me how close the race was for the entire time.
3673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Totally what i expected. It fits perfectly with an armor that i had.
8993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game! I had Uno as a kid but I hadn't played it in years.  We went away for our summer vacation and everyone had to bring a game to play.  Everyone night this was one of  the first games that everyone wanted to play!
1795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'd seen so many posting these elf's doing different things on face book. They looked so cute I bought this boy and a girl elf. They adorable ! I just wish I'd ordered them sooner to enjoy for more then a week before Christmas. I also ordered a outfit for each and plan on getting more
2422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product for those families that are into the Elf on the Shelf tradition.
830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this game!  Ticket to Ride (aka Ticket US) was the first game in the series, and is probably the best introduction to the series, as it's easy to pick up and doesn't have the twists and added elements that the other complete games or map collections in the series contain.
296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have recently gotten my sons involved in D&D.  As a newly minted Dungeon Master with a full time job, it's tough to be able to construct new maps/locations for our quests.  This allows me to toss together many different scenes in a little amount of time.  Each tile is mad of sturdy cardboard with semi-gloss printing, much like a cardboard puzzle.  They are two-sided, so one side might be a road, the other a grassy knoll.  I could see having a few more of these for larger campaigns.
6856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those solitare games where you move the pieces to get one out. You get a deck of cards with a picture of each set up. You place the pieces like the picture and then play the game. There are several levels of play so you won't use all of the pieces like at the begining level.
5800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids think these are the greatest puzzles ever. They love the complexity and enjoy doing them to see the finished picture.
My grandson has always had an ability to see shapes and develop them into something original.
6493	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	not like the sturdy game of old, very flimsy

8069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my seven-year-old grandson for Christmas. He enjoys putting the game together and the little mice in the game.
3755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The only reason I gave this a 4, because there are no playmats included.
The book starts out with having you trace some pictures just to get your hand and eye used to drawing different lines.  I have to say that this may have been one of the most interesting pieces of advice that I have learned from this book so far.  I would have never even considered tracing something in the past, but now I want to go buy some tracing paper and try a little more tracing.

4506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift and she loved it, my daughter and I went out and came back and my hub and her were playing . It'll be a great game to take camping, everything stores in the pouch, takes no room and she's learning and having fun at the same time.
3472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good screen
1406	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game first on iPad (also a blast) and recommended to a co-worker who came back the next day raving about how much he loved it. Since then I've also played the actual board game and I can't say enough good things about this game. Pretty simple rules to get started, and once you do the fun never stops. Even in games I've gotten clobbered, I still have a great time, and my girlfriend loves it too. This is one that you can play with your whole family and easily teach any guests you have to play. There are a lot of little train pieces that could get lost in a party but other than that minor concern, I can't imagine anyone not enjoying this wonderfully original, beautifully presented game. All the praise is deserved.
2214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This ended up being a lot of fun at our extended family gatherings.  The kids loved it as well as the adults.  It plays better when the players are around the same age/thinking process.  The adults were trying to figure out what the judge would want to pick and the younger kids were just random.  But if you play as a family with multiple ages, it's a fun way to get to know each other better and see how each other views/processes the world.  We play it as a family of four (kids ages 11and 6) and love it.
1198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been considering this game for years!  this year I finally bought it for my 8 and 10 year olds.  I wasn't sure what all the hype was about and could hardly believe that there're were so many positive reviews.  It is like no one gives it negative reviews.  Well, after playing, I can understand why.  It is a really fun game and has a lot of replay value.  The instructions were fairly clear, although I had to reread a couple of the sections because I was confused.  The best thing is to read them and start playing and some of the confusion clears up as you go and refer back to the instructions.  I think we will play this game quite a bit.
303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	They are what they are supposed to be. The cardboard is rugged the artwork is good and they get the job done. All in all a good product.
While I've always been a fan of word games, Scrabble in particular, my husband is never as excited to get out the board and play a game.  Bananagrams is the perfect alternative to Scrabble as it effectively eliminates the boring sit-and-wait-your-turn piece that often seems interminable.  Since we can both play simultaneously, we both stay engaged and on our toes the whole game.  One negative for us is that with just 2 players, a single round can take quite awhile.

430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this toy.  There are so many ways to play with it -- the magnets add an extra dimension to the creativity.
3666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous replica of the SR-1. The metal of the ship and the Alliance insignia base gives it an excellent weight and balance so I'm not worried about it getting knocked off the shelf and smashing. Beautifully detailed and painted, looks just like the ship in the game from every angle. Impressive enough on its own but when looking at the ship and then seeing the price tag, a quality model like this for $30-40 is a great buy.
The board is high quality. The DVD is amazing and extremely fun. The tin in comes in is also amazingly colorful and detailed.
7924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my granddaughters' favorite games.
6693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just like the old version of the trouble game, so if you liked it then you will like it now. Simple game for younger kids, but older kids can play too.
6537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is not a conventional trivia game.
I love think fun product.
4541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This IS called Haiku, and to that end, we've been able to create several lovely nature themed short poems on our fridge. But most of the words go unused, as you can't form complete sentences due to the lack of linking verbs and conjunctions.... and, but, is, are, etc.
328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It took everything that made the original Lords of Waterdeep awesome and improved upon it.  The quests, intrigue, buildings, all the new component simply adds to the depth of the game without complicating it.  This is by far my wife and my favorite game and expansion.
2503	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected. The pieces are flimsy and move around too easily. Instead of channels, there are dots on all the corners of the spaces to keep the tiles in place. Flimsy.
2233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It can be hard to find family games that appeal to a range of ages.  Two adults, 4 boys aged 9 and 11 had a blast playing this several evenings after a day on the beach.  Much hilarity,  especially involving the word "hooters".  One of the older great nephews asked to take it home to play with friends.  Not hard to learn at all.  Very highly recommended.

614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it.
While usually opposed to games that involve heavy elements of luck, I am apparently making an exception for this game perhaps for so shallow a reason as Ive been so often on the better side of luck.  That said, this game does involve a lot of card counting and positioning, even baiting other players, so frustration can be keen when your carefully laid plans flop.  It leads to a terribly tense game that will keep you from getting to sleep as your mind keeps spinning around what actions brought fruit and which did not.  This is how it works:
Acquire is just a beautifully designed game and is a lot of fun to play.  This is a great way to teach your kids about investing in stock too!
Might be buying one for me now!
165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter who is 22 months loves these...she plays with them for 20-30 minutes at a time which is huge. Be careful though, there are periods in there, so make sure to pick those out first .
7363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favorite childhood game. I purchased for my niece for Christmas. Can't wait to play with her

3632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome dice bag. Well made and it fits A LOT of dice. Unfortunately me and my husband tend to collect dice for our D&D games and my collection has outgrown my bag... lol
1252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Highly Recommend! Fast delivery! Exactly as described!

7400	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My mom was saying she used to play this as a kid. I got it for her to bring back some memories.  Oh my goodness this is such a fun game! We all got together to play with my mom, and it was such a blast.  Easy for your kids to join in, but still fun for adults.

402	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	5 and 3 year old boys love this puzzle.  They do it on the floor several times and count the numbers.  It's cute, they also love trains so the perfect puzzle for them.
3976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good expansion! For the ones who loved the base game it is mandatory!
2506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased by our SGA for the students to play.
8019	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It was cheap- the quality the look.  I didn't like it and sent it back right away. It wasn't what I was imagining to complete the grocery store I wanted for them.
6189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter just love this helicopter, I used it as a training vehicle before I bought her a drone.
1 The tires are a little hard for a crawler, but still decent.


1152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter and her family for Christmas (2 boys ages 11 and 8).  They really enjoy it a lot. She specifically wanted the version that wasn't too competitive, and this is it.
3919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Slave I has always been a favorite of ours. We have the X-wing game and got this as an expansion. It's so detailed; really striking!
9944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Just don't make the same mistake I did (my own fault) - you have to order the critters separately.
3436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have used this book several times now at my children's parties.  They love to choose their own colors and have me make them into a butterfly or fairy.  I feel the instructions are clear and easy to follow, even for a complete novice (me) at face painting.  I think there's a lot of really fun ideas for boys and girls.  And there are good tips on how to make your work look more professional.  There's not a lot of paint included, but for a start kit, I think it's great.  You can always buy more paint, but this will always be a reference you can go back to again and again.
9930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game!!
9501	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	wonderful idea yet the numbers are slowly rubbing off making it not useful.

4529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves to play Scrabble, but I think it is slow and boring. This game allows us to play a similar style game, but make it much more fun and fast paced. I love having to think quickly and creatively in my word choices. Tons of fun for two or more people. We usually take less tiles than recommend to make the game a little more fun and fast paced. I look forward to being able to use this when my son gets old enough to help him practice vocabulary words for school. I know many language arts teachers who use this in their class to make vocab. more fun!

+ game within a game.. after getting through a mission you then go to town and have another unique experience.

1921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everything you need to get started with your elf on the shelf tradition. The book is very well made as well as the Elf, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality. We can't wait til December. Check out Pinterest for some really cute/clever Elf ideas.
The main object of the game (simplified, there are variations with the same main object) is this: Everyone gets a set number of tiles, creating crossword-style words. The first person to use all of their tiles wins. Simple, but more challenging than one might think. I secretly suspected I'd win pretty much every game, but our children beat me several times at this game more than I would like to admit :) It's easy to make adjustments to make the game shorter with the included instructions. We have had a lot of fun with "Bananagrams" and recommend it!


6507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got rid of a competitors as my 5 year old noticed that it would only add single digits and did not mult and divide correctly. This should be fun to use as she is always selling something at home. Will deal with the drawer issue over making sure the math works
5757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome great reinforcement for my children, one is 9 years old and the other is 3, they are both
With great components, stunning artwork, fun competition, and a great thematic experience overall, Argent: The Consortium's strengths outweigh it's weaknesses.  If you like challenging and engaging worker placement games with lots going on, you will want to pick up this game!
  - There are "locomotive train car" cards, which are wild, but are more expensive to draw from the visible cards (only get one).
7220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
7682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good for age five and up.  Use the alternate rules for young players.
8466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game. If you like Sleeping Queens (and you SHOULD), then this is the next thing to get.
On a player's turn, they will move their pawn to a vacant building that isn't occupied by another pawn.  They may place it on one of the buildings in the center of the play area, on a player's own building, or on their player board which also has a starting building on it.  They can also place them on a building that is owned by another player by paying them one good of their choice for the privilege.  The player will then perform that building's action.  These actions normally allow them to gain goods, convert goods, buy buildings or some other special action.  If at any time the player gains or loses goods, they will adjust their respective goods marker on their player board either up or down depending on whether they gained or lost goods.  A player can never exceed 6 goods of a certain type or go below 0.  As a matter of fact, a player can not take an action that would cause them to go below 0 in any particular good.
8842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What an amazing little drum. My kids got it going on three years ago and it is still in flawless shape. They beat it, bang it, dance in top of it, use it for a stepping stool and flip it upside down and carry things inside and still it is perfect. I am impressed and precious few product impress me.
The pegs do achieve this if you tilt the board a little bit or if you just want to slide it do someone else can view it easier (not read upside down). They do not achieve any kind of helpfulness if the board is knocked against or bumped roughly. The tiles will go spilling.
the base has a spot reserved for the chest, a rectangle in the sand where the chest is saposta sit, but the chest is bigger than the spot so it hangs off the base a bit, it would have been better to me if the base was just a bit bigger and the chest really fit in the reserved spot. also the draping of her dress from her arm gets in the way of the base which is annoying.
This game requires no car or racing skill or knowledge, but, for some reason, is still fun to racing enthusiasts.  Our family (of early teenage kids) has enjoyed it, but it does feel like far more of a luck game than most we play.  There is some skill that can be developed by playing it a lot of times, particularly when it comes to when to risk damage to your vehicle playing piece, but mostly your fate is determined by how well you roll the dice.  That said, there are a few things I like about this game.  It has two sides, and even within each of the boards, there are various levels that it can be played on.  The simpler track, best for beginners, can be played with only generic damage incurred from violating speed rules, hitting other cars, or failing to touch down the right number of times.  It can also be played so that damage is incurred to a specific part of your car for specific violations.  (This is still not at all tricky to understand.)  When played this way, the number of damages received is far more limited, making it more difficult to blow through turns or consistently run into other players.  This, combined with the more difficult track, can make for a very challenging game...but still a game of chance!
The game plays out as follows: the players choose their side - Fellowship or Mordor.  Each side has strengths and weaknesses.  The Fellowship wins if Frodo enters Mordor or if no Mordor characters remain.  Mordor wins if Frodo is defeated or if three Mordor players enter the Shire.  The Fellowship character abilities focus on defeating particular Mordor characters or fleeing battle in various ways while the Mordor characters tend to rely on overwhelming strength or additional movement bonuses.
The only downsides are the flipped backs of cards and the differences in card sizes. Not a dealbreaker, but I wish they would modify it match and it would just be more seamless in looking better together with the main game.
3856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	NICE!
2186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family absolutely loves this game, lots of laughs and easy to play!
5771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my daycare
8135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought my son an operation at Toys R Us last year.  When we first played it, I thought he had a career as a surgeon.  He was able to clean out all of the bones and body parts without a single buzzer.  I remembered that when I was a kid, it was nearly impossible to get the parts out of the body without setting off the buzzer.  I was also a little annoyed that instead of realish body parts, the game was full of cell phones and head phones and other silly things.

I am giving this game 7 out 10 stars as it is very fun, quick and thematic at its core with just the right amount of luck and strategy for a filler game that keeps everyone engaged and is going to be great fun for kids and adults.

6259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Being I am new to the rc crawling world I wanted something inexpensive. This is a great starter crawler and will handle many upgrades and modifications.  I am extremely happy with it. I would recommend this to others.
1417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Though just purchased last month, this is by far our favorite game.  Even my 7 year old son loves this game, though he prefers the card game version because he can't get his routes blocked.  Simple to learn (5 minutes to figure out), but every game is complicated due to competition for routes and constant recalculating of routes.
For very young kids and special education... I suggest you buy the age 2 special primary book set as it focuses on the images on those 6 tiles, how to read the LUK icons, how to do LUK self-checking, etc.  My just 2 year old really got into the primary books and was then able to do some of the books in this age 3-5 set.  However, my son cannot do the self checking and only matches "same to same."
7834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like the when I was a kid...will have fun with the Grandkids.
They should have just used the same construction as the old sets, and they'd have been much better off.
There are a few end conditions.  You run out of point tokens, or two piles of role cards are depleted.  There is a last up opportunity till you get back to the start player.  So everyone gets the same number of turns- even extra victory tokens (different color) that can be earned during those turns.
Definitely recommend Fluxx to anyone.
2062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a gift for our great grandson.  I am sure the family will love it. They have other children and I am sure that they will it for the whole family.
6917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has ADHD as well as learning disabilities.  Her occupational therapist recommended this game and used it in her sessions.  Even at 9 years old, she was somehow able to go through all the levels of the game (something which most adults can't do).
9130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my one year old grandson and he loves to beat this drum.  It is made very well and looks like it should last for years.
7619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students in my class and I loved this product!
Not even a week after and here are my comments on the game
9427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son received this as a gift for his 1st birthday and it was the biggest hit at the party with the other toddlers (9 months-2 years) as well as parents.  A few parents said "this is so much nicer than the toy drum my kid has."  I like this drum because it sits off the floor so the sound is good (versus a djembe, which needs to be on its side to play). The sound is really good with bare hands or with the mallets. He also likes to roll it around on its side, and that is fine too. It says this toy is for 3 years and up, but it seems safe for a one year old. The only small part I noticed were two staples holding the ribbon around the top of the drum together. They are really tight in there, and I don't think a kid could pull them out, but I'm sure those can be removed, since glue is also holding the ribbon. The mallets might also be dangerous for babies (if they put it in their mouth or poke themselves in the eye) but the mallets aren't needed to play the drum. The face of the drum seems a little thin, so I hope it holds up to the abuse my son is sure to give it. I think that it will. Overall, this was my favorite toy. Beats any battery operated toy any day.  It teaches fantastic coordination skills. I highly recommend.
6931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old grandson loves playing bank and shopping with this set. He has learned all the coin and currency names.

8209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item, great price!
2411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Story that goes with the Elf on the Shelf series.  My 6 year old son loves the book and the dog. Very cute!

359	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This expansion pack is a great addition because not only do you get to play with 6 people now if you want you also get new quests that go up to 50 VP in value.
211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't know if Ive ever taken more delight realizing how the tiles available to me assured my victory.  I couldn't contain my maniacal laughter.  You see, I was the majority shareholder of the corporation that was poised to gobble up all the little people- all the corporations that the other players had invested their hopes of success and they were about to be heart-broken.  Notice though, the key to victory was that tiles were available to me.  I recently played again against a very capable friend and others- who were probably also capable- but the randomly drawn tiles he needed went to someone else who may have hoarded them in spite (I know I did some of that) and his power plays that would have propelled his ambitions were always pre-empted and spoiled.
Pros:
The card division of Chronicle Books produces Big Trucks and Diggers Matching Game.  That company produces a number of different-themed matching games; you should be able to find one that is of interest to your children.  If you are looking for a matching game, you should consider one of Chronicle Books games.  Amazons price is the best I have been able to find for these fine matching games.
6865	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with this game! High quality cars perfectly slides on a big board. Challenges are amazing - from easiest to very hard ones. Highly recommended :)
2307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This elf is a little cheaper than the original "Elf on the Shelf" and it's not creepy looking. I paid $20 for this one, where the other is $30.
7463	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	On of our family's favorite games!  Lots of fast action and laughs.
8755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice one recommended by my son's first grade teacher.
9071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Uno is the grandkid's favorite card game. When they lost their deck, I ordered this as a replacement. They were thrilled and recruited me as a player. I'm hooked. It's a great game.
6632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect game to play with my 5 year old.  Easy enough for my son to understand and who doesn't love pushing down the bubble to "roll" the dice?  It is just as I remembered playing when I was a little kid!!  It is a staple on our family game nights!!


2202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 11 year old and 7 year old loved playing this game with us. A great way to get to know more about your family and friends
The plastic tile racks also help hold the tiles so they don't fall as easily.  The game box advertises that this game design works well for travel, but, honestly, it's also great for having at home.
-Hard to teach (all the nuances lead to alot of "oh and I should mention"'s during play)
9105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great! Kids love it
2901	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Most of these reviews do not pertain to this lighted toy!
1888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
8695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great educational toy!!
Note that this particular expansion set, like its core game counterpart, is fantasy themed -- in other words, if the player doesn't enjoy (or won't understand) Dungeons and Dragons and Lord of the Rings jokes, you are better off getting a different set of Munchkin cards (Star Munchkin for sci-fi fans, Zombie Munchkin for zombie fans, etc).
5051	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for Christmas for our family.  My 7 year old and 12 year old regularly beat the adults.  Who thought it was a good idea to teach them this game?  ;)  We sometimes play in teams with a younger child and an older person and that can be a great way to teach them strategy and teamwork.  Fun game, for readers and non-readers alike.
4783	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I am a little disappointed with this product.  I wanted to have this to teach my daughter and once we put it together and started to take it back apart, it wouldnt go back together again correctly.  Things fell apart, the two pieces would not stay together.  It was fun for the first time and my daughter did learn from that.

3524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these for my 13 year-old baby sitter, who loves owls.  She loved them.  They are very cute!  And the price was excellent.

This car is going to need some repairs as you jump it and crash it.  But Exceed has all of the parts on their website.  So just expect to have do fix some things along the way.  It is made to be repairable
1997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids LOVE elf on the shelf! They have been talking about it a summer and can't wait for Christmas to get here so Frankie can come back out! It's been a great reminder to make sure they are doing the right things.



3904	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to a great game.  Takes a little bit of playing to figure out how to get the most use out of it, but definitely worth it.  The auxiliary firing arc comes in handy and there's tons of upgrades...
48	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm 37 years old and I just took up drawing again for the first time since high school.  I wasn't that great at it then so I'm not all that advanced of an artist.
451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a great game for kids. the adults enjoyed it too!

4923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh how I love this game!  My son and I have over 25 board and card games as part of our homeschool effort. In poor weather we often play 3 games a day.  This one is a particular favorite of mine because my 6 year old can play with a bit of help, but we will be able to play this at any age.  Also, from a homeschooling perspective, letting my son keep score is a great way to have him practice writing numbers and doing addition without realizing he is learning.  I think the box is absolutely enormous and the game is too heavy for us to take anywhere, but this is a frequently reached for game in our house.  If you are looking for games with some substance (I hate 90% of the garbage games sold in discount stores) this is a sure bet!
2241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great conversation starters, my kids actually participate
So you might want to know what my issue with this Elf is.... Well, I have a regular kid at home (to me, she is perfect, but to the outside world she is most likely just a regular kid). She misbehaves sometimes, she doesn't always follow my directions or requests (don't we all hate asking our little people in the house to brush their teeth multiple times just to discover that it was never done?!). She sometimes throws tamper tantrums, but overall, I love her just the way she is. Which is why I keep asking myself, why on earth did I ever lie to her about an Elf who tells on her everyday to Santa?! I read somewhere that it's just lazy parenting, and it really is. It feels like it. I don't like threatening my child. I like teaching her about consequences of her behavior, which is absolutely necessary, but threatening her with a toy who creepily comes alive at night and tells Santa that she was "bad?" That feels just cruel, and stressful to her, which brings me to my second point.
6951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift for grandson. who is 5 years old. Learning about money and playing grocery store!
Make sure you have friends that will play a game like this as it takes some time to play... sometimes 3+ hours etc.
5590	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
6380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The metal is a little more thin than I imagined but it is cute. Easily bendable, it can become hard to close, but it can be bent back into position.



8750	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our 6 yr old is enjoying this product. She needs help with getting quicker at drilling addition and subtraction and this is helping.  She likes when the green light lights up to tell her she is correct.  The levels are very good since my niece (8 yrs), nephew (10 yrs) and the adults have all tried it.  If it's durable enough, it should last her for years as she gets to multiplication etc.  She doesn't think it's FUN though - it's just something to do when she is bored.  For this reason we keep it in the van.  Our plan is working though because she climbs into her seat and immediately turns it on.  We had it in our home for awhile but there were too many other FUN things to do besides Math!  If your child enjoys challenging math facts, they will think it's fun though - our 8 yr old niece did and so do myself and my husband.
7440	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really love that this is solar powered! The money is realistic enough to teach with for sure. The only downside so far is the beep is really wimpy - you can barely hear it.
751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game!!!!!!
4263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is fun once you get the hang of it and don't have to look at the cards so closely. I think I'd prefer the regular version or perhaps the pirate, as I'm getting a little tired of the Monty-Python theme.
 -- Overall Assessment --
The basic school glue provided was not strong enough to hold the heads to the bodies or the felt ears to the heads.


7	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	cool
6513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is trouble (see what I did there)  the bubble is pretty stiff, I hope it loosens up the more we play. My 3 year old can not depress it on her own.
Update: Just back to say I still think this game has sticking power. It's always a different experience, and there's a certain joy to getting an incredibly lucky room in the dungeon stuffed with treasure or health potions.
5066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought this game for 9 year old grandson. wanted a game we all could play rather then video games. love it
working out color patterns as he was using the smaller parts to do other projects.


4410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my then 8 year old.  Big hit.  We all play on family game nights.  Helps broaden his vocabulary and spelling.  Much like Scrabble, but more kid friendly.
- Still really fun with just two players.

6897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought Rush Hour Jr. for christmas for my 6 and 5 year olds.  They loved it and were on the most advanced level really quickly.  Even my 4 year old could do it.  We just got Rush Hour and it's even better.  I don't know that there is much reason to get the Jr.  My 4 year old was able to solve her first card (on the regulard version) right away, so there is plenty for kids to do on this one.  I love it as well. The advanced cards are pretty challenging.  I think it's a great educational toy that is good for children and adults.


872	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	DJB's mom
1423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is wonderfully fun. Your kids (and YOU!) will learn about geography in a new, fun way! It's a good game for 2-5 people and is simply a beautiful game - from the pieces, the cards, and the board. Be sure to put on 1940s music as background when you play it!
6473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	20 Years later and I am still buying the same product. Kids have hours of fun! I highly recommend it!
There is the opportunity to buy other cards to go with this puzzle so once you have solved all the ones that your going to solve out of the ones that came with the orginal set; you can buy more cards for still more fun.
-feels just like the opening scenes in Tattooine Cantina down to training wheels for RPGs


8827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable and good quality for $26.
4699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a very cool set, my girls enjoyed taking out all of his organs.  It was a bit difficult though snapping him back together since the little plastic pegs didn't fit in exactly into the other side.

But maybe I can sum it up better by saying; this is a techy heist game where back stabbing and running through a facility stealing information is the "order-of-the-day" (much like the 1992 film "Sneakers" with Robert Redford, however the game's characters are much more selfish and don't really work together like in the film).
3165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These buckets are fantastic for children who are stable on their feet - I would not give these to babies not able to walk and stand comfortably or just learning to walk/cruise, because they can fall on them and though won't get seriously injured most likely, it would hurt (and might crack the plastic).  They are rated for 18 months+ for this reason no doubt.  Excellent toy, my older (4 yo) daughter also likes to use the buckets individually for carrying/organizing things as if she's shopping, etc.
6017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
9435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love all the family pastime games. They are different
8672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love them but the dogs seem to think that they are some kind of Death Sphere and flee in terror when they expand.
1578	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this last year for grandkids. They loved it. Their parents had even more fun moving the elf every night to see their little ones eyes light up each morning to discover that the elf had come back after reporting to Santa at the North Pole. Had to order for my next grandchild turning 3.
2601	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gotta love Klutz products!  So much fun with this one!
There are also some very powerful upgrade cards that can be used on all of the X-Wings, plus a torpedoes that can be used on any ship that can take this upgrade.
4989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A very fun game.

(2) Up to two randomly assigned alternative building rows to modify your province card -- there are 2 each of 7 different rows (14 total);

3	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this book! Its translucent paper make it super fun to use. I have been using Paint Brush Markers and Sakura Gel Pens on it with excellent quality. The only thing that I would recommend is a blank white sheet of paper to make the lines easier to see.
710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have five children so got one each for my 8 girl, 10 and 11 year old boys. Works real well. Teaches them how to divide there money into three groups so when time for siblings birthday, mothers day, Christmas they don't have to feel there saving is going away but just use the "account" money box for sharing. Also the Savings box money can not be used and we put into the bank account when it gets a large amount which teaches them saving for the future. The spending box they then can focus on something they want as if they keep spending they will never have money to buy. We do 50% savings 25% spending 25% sharing. Also there is a record book I help they with to keep track no one is taking there money and they are not using there save money.
NEEDED TO KNOW THAT!"
The NEGATIVES - Games just aren't made the way they used to be. The spinner included with this game needs to be assembled and is cheaply made. I have to hold down the base each time my son or I spin the arrow.  Also, the character "players" are constructed of cardboard and slide into a plastic stand.  The characters are too large to fit in the box when assembled, so you have to assemble and disassemble the characters with each game. Note: The first time I assembled the characters, the cardboard face on one of the characters peeled back and I had to tape it to keep it together.  With that said, I'm assuming that they are not going to hold up well with time.
188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This little puppet goes perfectly with t he book Stellaluna.  My 4 month old granddaughter thought it was great (and delicious).
Every night, he left our location to quickly relay info the Santa and the Claus Intelligence Agency. Each morning, much to the surprise of our daughter, he would be found somewhere conversing with her toys (and closest confidants) or, most commonly, creating a little mischief. I personally believe this was a way of testing our daughter to see which side of the list she would be on. Luckily, our daughter seemed to have passed these tests with flying colors, because it appears that George called in for air cover on Christmas Eve, judging by the gifts that Santa brought.
2923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Absolute cutest. I love these monkeys and they are great for teaching math.  Purchased for toddler who can now count monkeys!
6128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Highly detailed but some of the parts fallen off on arrival
2987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable
It also comes with play money - coins and bills.  The calculator is solar-powered, and works on indoor lighting power.  No Batteries!
Absolutely worth every penny when it is ~ $40.
7554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for everyone.
All things considered, I think this expansion (especially in tandem with the new faction) adds a ton of new things to the game. And, given that at seven of the upgrades can be used by Rebels and/or Imperials, I think even those folks who are not interested in playing the Scum faction will find getting at least one comes in handy.
Hours of party fun for fantasy lovers
3839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boyfriend is a fan of her and loves the show. I got this for him as a Christmas present and he loves it.
1778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has been the most fun and memorable holiday  tradition I have ever done as a mom. I hope my kids pass it on to their kids.
3) The game is not totally luck.  There are come choices of movements that younger kids might need to be coached through.  They will need to choose which piece to move, whether to go for the safety of the "home" spaces or to try to set back the opponent.  Again, simple, but this is a great setting in which to introduce the concept of strategy.  That said, there is enough luck involved that kids of different ages can sit down together without someone being at a big disadvantage.  If a parent is willing to "coach" the moves of the youngest child, there is no disadvantage at all (Note - don't expect older siblings to see the wisdom of this approach).
6393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son wanted one of these and he absolutely loves using it to learn about money. Its a great way to help children understand how money works and ofers them a tool to use for play stores. Has a credit card swipe and pop out cach drawer, Solar led display. Durable and easy to store. Highly recommend!

Before we played A Game of Thrones: The Board Game Second Edition (henceforth AGoT:TBG2E), we each tried to read the 30 pages of instructions.  We understood very little and figured we would try to play as we went.  No one wanted to be the Greyjoys, so we picked out of a hat. Naturally I had to play as Theon and co.  From there we kind of fumbled our way through the game.  It was pretty-to-very enjoyable.
9843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.  The deluxe version is a plastic mat rather than cardboard.  I would like the mat a little better if it was a little smaller but it is still good.

This game is perfect for families with young children. You get to mix fun with learning and the kids love it! It doesnt get any better than that. Its also a great tool for home-schoolers or church groups etc. It fits well into a lot of applications for games.
7456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for family night, easy for younger children to catch on to
4232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a great filler. You play a time traveler attempting to be the first to get home. There are three ways to win- collect specific artifacts, have ten cards in hand at the end of your turn, or meet specific timeline requirements. The third option is the core of the game. There are 32 time cards arrayed in a grid on the table. Each card represents a year. Some years can be directly modified by playing cards in your hand. These are called Linchpin cards. Flipping a Linchpin results in a change in history. What happens if Lincoln isn't assassinated? Or the Challenger never blew up? Each change in history has a ripple effect. Events in future years can be changes, creating paradoxes in time. These paradoxes can be "patched" with different events which the players can try to use to get home.

7434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Traditional game, no issues with shipment. Loving it!
323	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good job.
7196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great educational toy for 6yr old.
thingumabob,are all pretty good names;but the inventor chooses to call it a "Ball Of Whacks";so I guess that's what it is.
4032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The only thing that isn't on the chart is the Range Bands. That would have been great, but EVERYTHING else is there. A must-have for any GM.


To help with initiative, I take two post-it notes and attach them sticky side up to form an upside down V. I had each player draw a doodle for their character on one side of the V, whether it was a portrait, sigil, or just their name. I put their initial on the other side for my reference. I made some additional note Vs for the enemy initiative. During play, I have everyone roll initiative, then I can sort the Vs in order along the top of the screen. The glossy surface of the screen lets the notes slide. It keeps the players engaged and helps to speed up combats since people know turn order.
9233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market. These are a must have for any extended train building. We have several sets of these and my son uses almost all of them whenever he is train building. Great pieces.
It is fun, but if you have someone who knows the films by heart (like my spouse) then it can be kind of one-sided.

4319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The only game I like.  I'm not into games and this is the only one I actually enjoy playing.
8356	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like the classic version I played as a child. My three boys love to play this. The buzzer has a volume control, allowing the user to customize the level of annoyance experienced by players in the same room during gameplay.
8431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I had never played this game as a child, so I have nothing to compare to as far as quality.  My children are 6 and 5 and they caught on to this "build a mousetrap" game straightaway.  In fact, we had so much fun putting together the mousetrap, that the ending to the game was a bit of a let down.  First off... what do  you do with your cheese?  Second, since there is only one Crank space, it's a luck of the draw when the mousetrap will ever "Go".  In our case, we played the ending for nearly 15 minutes and the crank was only used once.  So much for climax at the end.  I finally ended the game, because we were all sick of going around in circles with our pieces.

AGoT:TBG2E Teaches children (and grown children like me) important lessons like the geography of Westeros ("No, you dimwit, the Stoney Shore is MILES from the Stoney Sept.") as well as important social dynamics such as: how to stab your friends in the back, a useful talent in Corporate America, just ask the Zuckerberg.
2989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my daughters shower.  I love them.  I hope she does too.
3500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great beginner series and awesome and clear instructions highly recommended for intro into pathfinder
1969	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was excited to introduce elf this year with my little one and have it be a yearly tradition.  I hope it becomes something that she remembers and looks forward to every year.
4016	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The game is really tense and fun all the way through. It does a great job of capturing some of the feel of the video game. The difficulty may seem a bit steep at the start but it's actually quite fair.

3506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Open this box costing less than any of the rulebooks for D20-derived High Fantasy RPGs and you are in for a treat.
534	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a heck of a fun game if you like word games.  It's like Scrabble without having to set up the board and flip all those tiles.  I have an excel spreadsheet that can be used as a scorecard.  Has places for up to 6 players.  Post a comment to this comment with your e mail address and I'll send the spreadsheet to you.
Victoria Tarrani
6030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	**Update at the bottom of original review**

b) an un-truncated sword image

would recommend again.


3908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First Class
The setup time is minimal (less than 5 minutes).
(4) Binayre Pirate, a level 1 non-unique pilot that costs 12 points.
3017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loves to recite the No More Monkeys Jumping on the Bed story.  When I bought him the book with all 5 stories I saw these to go along with it. They're cute, and he does enjoy them but they're a tad be awkward.  They're too big to really be finger puppets on an adult's hand, let alone a 3 year old's hand. They do velcro together so they can hold hands and you can make them jump.  He was excited about them, but they aren't really a favorite of his.  I probably wouldn't pay that much money for them again.
Constantinopolis has minimal player interaction.  The first phase of each turn is an Auction for public office in which players bid for turn order and turn ability.  After that, the player acting as Consul may interrupt your building purchases during the Construction phase or another player may purchase the last ship that you needed during the Accept Contracts phase.  The limited supply on buildings and ships is the only way to hinder your opponents' strategies, so not much cut-through action here.
Daenerys Targaryen is my favorite figure of this first wave of Game of Thrones figures. This looks a lot like Emilia Clarke who plays Daeny on the show. I like that you can pick any one of the three Dragon eggs to place in her hands. Again this figure/series by Dark Horse Deluxe and Gentle Giant do not have any kind of articulation. The box that the Dragon eggs come in can be opened and closed, but thats the only articulation be found here. It is a bit disappointing that these figures are not articulated, a simple neck articulation and arm articulation at the shoulders would have been nice, but oh well. Im still pleased with this figure, the great sculpt, the great paint apps, accessories and the base really make this figure great. Any fan of the show should grab these while they can. Theyre not available on Amazon until February the 7th, but I got mine from Entertainment Earth already, and for a few dollars cheaper. This figure come HIGHLY APPROVED.
3553	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I didn't realize there were so many in the package! I am not sure how I will use all of these, but so far we've had a lot of fun with them. Like another reviewer, I also hoped the stickers were diecut around the owl, but they are squares. That was kind of disappointing but not a huge deal.
* No added growth hormones that make farm animals grow more quickly.
Scoring - 8/10
257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you are a fan of Dungeons and Dragons or other adventure/exploration games, you should definitely give WoA a try.  My two kids (13 & 15) and  I have not been able to stop playing since we got this.  The game requires no "Dungeon Master" and it pits you and your friends against the dungeon beasts.  Several scenarios can be chosen to launch the game, and these varying in difficulty and duration.  We found that the first two scenarios were more about learning the flow of the game, but things really got fun in the third scenario (first one that used the chamber tiles).
9909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is great for memory and also can be used for thematic play.  We use it to crack and pretend that we are baking.  The pieces are a little tight but kids can separate the egg halves.  The eggs sometimes can stuck in the case if they are put in there separated.
As an entry level RC helo, it couldn't be easier to learn. It's stable to fly and easily maneuverable for beginners and advanced pilots alike.
8969	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We bought the cards less then 3 months ago and they are falling apart. They are very flimsy not sturdy at all.
8214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game - for all ages!
9998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this in addition to the tent, but this tunnel is just as fun by itself. My one year old loves it.
8031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We gave this game to our three year old son on Christmas Eve along with Spill the Beans.  This was much more popular and we played for almost an hour before he got bored.
490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!  Took my 8 yr old a little time to accept it, since it's not as flashy as Mille Bournes Racing Game or even Zeus on the Loose, but now he loves it.
8352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is like the original game I remember playing as a kid.  The kids love it, but it can be a bit tricky getting all the pieces to work together exactly right.
(2) General Carlist Rieekan, a very powerful unique 3 point upgrade that can be discarded at the start of the activation phase to treat each friendly ship's pilot skill value as 12 until the end of the phase.
3252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I would look at the Fantasy Flight Web Page and look at some reviews by different board game websites before you invested the money in this game. I think it's one of the best products to come along in quite some time, but I love complex and dark games such as Arkham Horror. There are a lot of differing views of this game.
5321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this for my in-laws for Christmas this year and played with my father-in-law, step-mother-in-law, brother-in-law (11), and sister-in-law (13).  Everyone LOVED it.  The game was quick to pick up and start playing as the rules are not too complicated. As we played more it remained challenging as we all started to develop more strategy.  Played with 6 people and the games usually averaged 30 minutes - about the perfect time.
1813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had to replace our Elf. Lost him in our move, unfortunately. But this was great. Boys didn't know at all. Still the same effect and magic. Love this! I'm sure this will be a tradition every year. Once we find the other then we will have two. Don't know what we'll do then. Lol!
9950	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Wish we'd known that the cost of shipping the caterpillars adds another $7.95 to the price. The size of the habitat has also decreased by 50% size we last purchased this set, which was about 5 years back.  Overall,  a beautiful experience. However, in my opinion,  a very small pop-up net should not cost $20.
6727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic game, classic fun!  It is as fun as I remember.  The whole family plays it and it does help with improving counting skills.  The only downside is that our youngest daughter has a breakdown every time she has to bring a piece home.  She is 2!  The worst part is that the box is really cheap feeling and looking... it isn't even a normal game box.  It is one where you open one side and slide the game out.  WHO DOES that to a board game??  Seriously, this game has been around for so long, doesn't it warrant a tin collector's case.
9812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a throw back to my child hood. I had a blast playing with my 3 year old!
662	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Sadly, this game had questions that were actually too gross to answer, so we were unable to play the game after about five minutes. And I thought my kids had an ultra silly sense of humor, but this game took it farther than even they thought was funny.
2475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game, a little cheaper made than I thought and the pieces are hard to put in the spaces. It is still fun and worth the cost I bought it for.
6494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this game as a birthday gift for my nephew. This game has always been a family favorite of ours. A great change from video games.
823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!  I've been playing it with my boyfriend lately and we both enjoy it a lot together.  Will have to play it with other people sometime!
Only you can decide whether or not the admittedly high cost of this supplement is worth the added experience you'll get from your Mansions of Madness game. I normally prefer to buy from my local game store so as to keep his lights on and give me a place to meet players for Mansions of Madness and play it, but the high retail cost of this set was just too rich for me without the 18% knockdown I got from Amazon.
- Once the mousetrap is finished, the end-game is kind of abrupt

As other reviews mention, this version is flawed and I much prefer the version from my childhood.  It had a wood-like color (still plastic), the peg colors were more primary-like, and it was easier to work with the removable hood (the hood in the new version flips up & down).  There was also the fun ending of taking the hood off the board for the big reveal, it's anticlimactic to me that when you flip the hood you're not looking at your code anymore.
The rulebook would be improved by illustrating the special counters and placing them in a section.  Im still digging out what is what; most of the counters are part of the missions.
2984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought these for our nine month old and she's been playing with them multiple times a day for the past five months. We keep them in their bag and it's always an event to get them out in the morning. We hide them (in plain sight) around the living room and ask her where the monkeys are and she goes and finds them. She likes tossing them and holding them during walks (haven't lost one yet). She's very into multiples of the same thing right now, so these are great. We also have the ikea finger puppets, but they're smaller and less substantial and she hardly ever touched them. We don't use the monkeys as puppets or with the book/song yet. But we haven't had trouble fitting fingers into the puppets either. Though, I have smallish fingers.
I hope there is an expansion for this.
4991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has two rules; same shape but different colors OR different shapes but same color.
3625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A must have for any Dark Horse Deluxe GoT collector! The detail on this figure is amazing.

Your goal is to create words from your letter cards. Each card is worth a different amount of points and you try to create words that worth the most points. You write down the score of each player and add it at the end to see who won by getting the highest amount of points.


1780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to play around with and make an adult version with my husband. We would put our elf into some pretty hilarious situations. Everyone we told about it got an absolute kick out of it and thought it was hilarious.
8831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not the best juggling balls, but perfect for beginners. Cheap and sold as advertised.
3921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The amount of detail that goes into these ships is astounding. Whether you're a player or simply a collector. Having a piece of Xizor's lore in your hands.. worth every penny.
I haven't played enough to notice balance issues at this time.

Compared to the regular retail price, this is a good price for the Bigz dies, especially with Amazon Prime's 2-day free shipping.  For many of my Sizzix purchases, I use the weekly 40-50% discount coupons that my local craft stores offer.  But since many of the various dies or embossing folders are not available in the stores near me, these listings on Amazon are a great option.

4494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game the entire family can enjoy, and its also a lot of fun for just the adults to have a good round of fun.  Its not bulky and you don't need a board, and I like how you can throw the letters in the bag to take with you while traveling with the family.  Sure, Scrabble has the name recognition and is very structured, but the convenience and portability of this game works well.
Gnomes get the courage to go into burning rooms by drinking grog, which makes them tipsy, which can make them faint. This is bad (because fires and floods can happen while you are in a dead faint, and that can kill you). Gnomes can drink coffee to counter their drunkenness.
9246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderfully creative toy.  It is colorful and well made.  The board is magnetic and the gears are lots of fun.  The seller was prompt and the package arrived in great shape.

1954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All I can say is for the time from Thanksgiving to Christmas this elf was very busy talking to Santa about my 4 year old grand daughter. It was magical.
9745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This kit was an awesome learning tool for the summertime. All the caterpillars we received turned into butterflies. My son, who was 5 at the time, didn't like the maintenance much, but he loved releasing them. We were worried about 1 that was almost caught by a bird, but it added to the excitement :)
* Primary colors are overwhelming... wish this was also available in neutral (or metallic?) colors for those of us teaching easily overstimulated children (I did look at wooden registers before purchasing this one, but decided against them because they were, if anything, more childish, with no calculators)

7607	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic favorite

9534	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was very excited to get a non battery educational item for my grandson.  I guess in my memory of years ago this was a better product.  The concept is great, easy to use.  BUT you are suppose to press down and see the number.  It is so faint you can hardly see it!  I mean you couldn't have used a very dark black ink so it would show up?  I would rather it be battery operated and lit up!  I have to send it to him now as too late to return as I leave for out of town tomorrow.  Did I get a dud ?  Did everyone else's come with a dark number you can see easily?  As much as I like the concept I would definitely by pass this toy.  Which is a shame because they could have fixed so easily.
2310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So I loved the idea of the Elf on the shelf. It was kinda creepy looking so I wasn't sure I was going to get one. Then I came across Christopher! How cute is he! His head, hands and feet are plastic. His body, legs and arms are cloth. He has wire inside him and is very bendable which helps a ton when he gets into mischief. The story that goes a long with him is just ok....my daughter is 3 and usually sits for longer books, she was not impressed with the story but got the point. I tried to get her to rename him something fun but Christopher stuck. He gets into all sorts of things...flour angels, hanging underwear from the tree...pooping sprinkles (which made my daughter laugh for 20 mins straight). Overall was a good choice, the only thing is there isn't any merchandise like there is for elf on the shelf. And most of her friends have the other elf so she asks why he looks different. I just told her Santa has different types of Elf's  for different things :)
Don't forget to get 2 AA batteries!
I really like the additional stats, they make sense and are easier to use than some of the old rules.
4709	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	as descried
8116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 and 4 year old both love this game. It's easy for them to play because you just match colors; the cards don't have word; just one or two blocks of solid color. They both have a blast going through the game.
UPDATE : 02/7/2018 This drum is still an essential part of my my childs playroom! He is 4.5years old and now, he could actually play nice beats to troll songs! Please invest couple dollars more and get the one with two mallets! Tried the other version and you could tell the difference in the sound quality! I have been gifting this along with hohner kids xylophone for all 1 year birthdays! Just an awesome product that grows with your kid!

After 1 school year of continuous playing, though, the cards are dog-eared and can get lost.  (No one goes to the Lollipop Forest!)  The board's cardboard doesn't hold up to a year of holding, folding, and game playing, but it's a classic design that works.
6668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have three girls, now 3, 2, and 1 who have all used the TWO of these rattles that we have. After the rattle stage is over, we have seen the "braclet stage" where they walk around with their arm through the openings. Then the two year olds have the
17	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	its a cute little book, but it's a tiny little guy.
3938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun.
8661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really cool toy, what I like to call a thinking type toy. Fun to play with and they open up the mind. My son loves it.
The cards in the set feature great art, are durable, and decks are highly customizable thanks to a few expansions that have been released. So far I have only played with the core set but there is tons of gaming available without expansions. You have choice of three hackers and four corporations so there's plenty to try out.
If your younger children don't like it at first, play partners with them or wait a few months and try it again.  It really does have educational value as well as being a lot of fun.
3741	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This one is a Star Wars Role Playing Game from Fantasy Flight Games, great company by the way. This is the incarnation of the Star Wars RPG, when you read it, you will love it, but the experience change a lot when you actually play the game. Young gamer will like the game, because its easy to learn. Some experience Role players may like it. I did not. The Product itself is high quality, have lots of full color tokes, nice dices, and large poster maps, also some pre made characters, but can make or download more at their web page. Before you expend money on the Core Books - 3 of them... I recommend to try this one or the other beginner box games first.
8498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids.  You deal 4 cards face down side by side to each player.  When we play with younger kids, we always turn up the end cards.  When playing with older kids, we don't.  One card is then placed face up next to the draw pile.  You can either pick up that card or draw one card and then exchange that card for one of your own cards, if you wish.  You then discard and the play moves on to the next player. The object is to have the lowest total when adding all your cards together.  When you believe you have the lowest total, you say rat-a-tat-cat and everyone gets 1 more turn. Everybody adds their cards up and you keep a tally. Part of the fun is not knowing what's on the cards not showing and then trading it out for what you believe to be a low card, only to find out you just discarded an even lower card, which the next player will most likely pick up.  Watch where that player places that card because it will come in handy if you pick a swap card, which allows you to swap one card with one card of another player. There are peek cards, which allow you to peek at one of your turned down cards.  And there are also draw 2 cards. I have also bought "There's a Moose in the House" and "Sleeping Queens".  We like these games also, but the kids like Rat-A-Tat-Cat the best.

4052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Just getting into the game, but they paint jobs on the models are some of the best I've seen on pre-painted miniatures.



713	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Moonjar Moneybox concept is on the money.  Save, share & spend is simple enough for even a young child to grasp.  At the same time there are many teachable momemnts.  The passbook and educational information is interesting and not overwhelming, according to my 8 year old son's response.  Finally, the product is sturdy, yet accessible.  We've had other "piggy banks" that are too easy or not easy enough to get into (i.e. transferring accumulated funds to the bank, etc.).  We are really growing with this product, and I will be purchasing more as gifts.

Overall:  A must buy.  This is another mandatory one.  Even if Shaper or HB aren't your favorite factions, there is just too much good stuff to pass this up.  I highly recommend it!

558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved this game - - so much so, we purchased the deluxe set also.  By switching the new cards from the Deluxe set and placing them in the regular set, we now have a great gift for another couple to enjoy!
4834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a traditional guy and still like to give kids the paper book although I know there are many table Apps that can do same thing. This book has a nice set of challenges. I think different kids have different level of brain maturity, so be too focused on suggested ages. My daughter works on this at 10.
9790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've used this quite a bit over the winter. I'm not sure it's our favorite game but I would recommend and buy it again if that made any sense.
7480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item!
Very different look, elegant, delicate...definitely will get attention. The stem is incredibly thin but not fragile. I haven't even used the glasses yet, rating is based on appearance and feel only. Great value!
  - Whoever has the longest connection at the end, by train car length, gets additional points.

9656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 3 year old LOVES it. He takes of the plastic crossing guard thingies, and puts them back on. The painted road has already started to flake off a little (after than less of a month of playing with). Granted he plays roughly with it, and likes taking his trains with him to take a bath sometimes, but I expected more durability from a Brio toy.

529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our family's favorite games...
Basically, there are mardi gras beads which are shared out equally.  And there are cards with a bunch of challenges on them (find someone with a nose smaller than yours, make someone look at their shoes, catch someone asking for help, get someone to refuse to massage your shoulders, etc). Every person has 2 cards - when you have played one you discard and pick another. Everytime you successfully play a card (complete one of the 3 tasks on it), you take a necklace from the person you 'played'.  (There are also a few extra cards like Go Crazy - e.g. spin around 10x and take 2 necklaces from the person of your choice.) At a pre-established time the game ends, and the person with the most necklaces wins.  It's less confusing than it sounds-- it's difficult to explain.

Now, if you are already into adventure and playing a game for the story it can tell and the thought of sending skilled heroes into abandoned mines crawling with otherworldly beasts where the darkness can speak to you and drive you insane, AND you don't mind assembling small bits then I'd say you have to get this amazing world(s)-in-a-box.  Customization of each character class - you can be a Gunslinger, Rancher, Saloon Girl or Bandido (Swamps of Death includes additional character classes) - really gives your character a sense of uniquity as they progress, get stronger, and gain new abilities.
First, you get 4 new pilots (including 3 unique pilots with some very nice special abilities).  Unique pilots include:
My brother and I have approached the first scenario in the game - the basic, introductory scenario, I might stress - a total of eight times, and in those eight attempts, we have come close to victory twice.  Those two, that bleak twenty-five percent, is close only in the way a tornado missing your home before changing its trajectory is close, a brief moment of hope before realization settles, and the inevitable quiet follows.  We would reach our objective ahead of the curve: in good health, sound mind, and with our "continue" (a Revive token) still in hand.  Things were up.  Then the card draw, the Fate-capital-eff of our heroes decided by what it read, what monsters we would face, and the overwhelming crush chasing after.
7084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, educational toy. Works great. My daughter loves it. Comes with pretend money and a credit card.
563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family loves this game.  We have worn a few out.  It's fun and quick.  Scrabble can tend to get long and boring, especially with several players.  This game goes more quickly, but is still mentally stimulating.  I think it lends itself better to fun interaction.

6749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I brought this for my elderly father. I thought it would be a nice item to keep his mind sharp. He seems to enjoy it but my nephews play with it more then he does. It is well made. When my son gets older I am sure he will enjoy playing this puzzle game with grandpa.
137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 4 year old loves this series. I wish it was a priced a little lower though.
A classic game that I'm teaching the kids.
I would probably buy these after I have bought some of the extension kits with the more specialized track pieces and after I had some of the smaller pieces available for purchase.
8437	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I HATE THIS TOY!!! IT LOOKS SO MUCH FUN BUT HTEN, ONCE YOU BUY IT, IT BREAKS!!! THE TRAPS ARE BROKEN AND THE BOARD GOT SCRATCHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE THIS TOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

6) There's no electronic version with a debit card.

3654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The quality is not perfect but much more worth this price. It is delicate and exquisite.
Pirate Fluxx however is a nice version of Fluxx as well. (Probably my second favorite).
This attractive game teaches linear progress (there is one correct direction to go, and there is a goal);  thinking (what to do if you get two colored squares on your card instead of one); the impact of luck (good and bad fortune happens to eveyone); how to win, and how to lose.  All while thinking about ice cream, candy canes, and other yummy treats.

7494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gave as a gift.
Components:
3206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I"d like if these were smaller to make photocopies and be able to put 4 on a page or something. Otherwise, very cute and my PT kids love them
Overall I'm very happy and for me it was worth the expense, for everything it came out to $34.77
Three Things I Don't Like
9088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am taken pleasure by the product acquired in his shop. Thank you for the sending until Friday it was that receipt the product in my hands and I am very satisfied thank you.
9117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's sturdy and serves it's purpose. My 14 month old has recently gotten accustomed  to using the drum sticks and bangs on it everyday.
8454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my cat-obsessed 6-year old. We've played it ten times a day for a month now. It was easy to learn. The 3-year old plays with us-- she doesn't know all the numbers, but recognizes that the rat cards are "bad" and knows which cat pictures mark the best cards. This seems ot be helping her recognize numbers, and the 6-year old practices math adding up all her cards in the end and figuring out who has the least. The illustrations are really cute. Great purchase.

9390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum never fails to attract the kids who come to share playdates with my grandson. It is beautifully and brightly decorated, big and solid, and it is a natural kid magnet.  It has a beautiful tone when banged on by an infant or a toddler or one of the grown-up visitors who can't resist picking up the very sturdy drumsticks that come with it.  It's also strong enough to be danced on by the liveliest toddler.
292	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These just make the game come alive. Battles go much more quickly and smoothly. Very nicely designed, and a great way to give detail and depth to battles.
8906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this! Nice quality, nice sound
6806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one incredible game, which keeps you interested for hours!
Highly recommended!
This was only our first time playing so, if our opinion changes, I'll update this review.  For now though, it's a weak 2 stars.
 I also would have appreciated it if Fantasy Flight had balanced out the gender ration of characters when commissioning the new artwork.  This was something I wouldn't have noticed except when I was playing with my wife she wanted to play a female character and all that was available was The Sorceress and The Prophetess.  Several characters, like the Assassin, the Thief, the Warrior, the Elf, etc...could have easily been made female in the artwork without changing the game-play in any way.
7511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A fun classic. Not much too it, and not much has changed over the years. One of the easiest board games, great to play with kids just getting into board games. If kids know colors, they can play. Fun.
8080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It seems like a lot of assembly time is required to even play the game. Then stuffing it back in the box when you are done is a challenge. Knocking off one star for that. The game itself is fun and our family of four with kids 8 and 10 have a good time trying to steal each others cheese and trap the other mice. If only set up and clean up where easier.
4150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for fans of the popular Game of Thrones television show. It's a pretty involved card game that lets you get involved in the action. It is fun and comes with several directions for two player and multiplayer options. There is a lot to it, but if you spend the time, it is a lot of fun. It is nice to play at a Game of Thrones watching party.
2747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has been a fan of Bad Kitty since she learned to read and still loves him.  She "collects" backpack pulls so she was thrilled to get this for a little gift.
4790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the coolest.  My 9 year old daughter is so intrigued by it, she loves the feel of the sticky, squishy parts, and the book that came with it is priceless.  Great for homeschoolers.  Also, works both for science and health class.  To further "health class", we will look into the affects of smoking on the lungs and body, and she will be able to see what the lungs look like and where they are located.  She absolutely loves this product, and if she loves it, so do I, because I strive to find things that make learning fun and enjoyable for her.
6647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I enjoyed this as a kid and wanted my grandsons to enjoy it too. They did! We play and I remember the good old days when kids played with each other and laughed face to face? It was a bargain!
2001	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My oldest loves this tradition. I do wish the elf was made a little better and had feet or some kind of shoes as I have to hide the feet as the little guy doesn't really have any. My oldest noticed this at 3 years old, and had to tell her they didn't need feet when they fly most of the time!
This car is fast, tuneable, very tough and a riot to drive on the track or just around the yard/park/lot.  I might have to buy another one so visiting friends can have something to drive!
5953	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	rules were not clear, this game just doesn't seem to play well
7888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This would be better with 4 slots for bills, since the set comes with 1, 5, 10 and 20 dollar bills.  otherwise very fun toy!
8478	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
1535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it!!
6	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it

Murkey Rulebook
9134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best toys!
Recommended, especially for beginning RP gamers.

5899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Had my eye on this seemingly simple dice rolling game for a while, but just never pulled the trigger.  My gaming interests have been swaying more toward lighter, quicker games to be able to play with my 5yr old.  Low and behold Santa brought this to us in 2015.  [Had picked it up on a good sale (~10$) ].  Although there's many who have given this game poor reviews, after 2 plays, I don't see it.  It's quick, mildly strategic, LIGHT AND FUN dice game.  15 minutes of rolling dice and pushing your luck shouldn't be a brain burner, and this is not that.  It can be, if you really want to think out your moves, and try to maximize to greatest extent when to use certain dice vs treasure, etc... but if you take it for what it is, it's great fun.  My daughter has taken too the rules quite well and love the rolling and sense of adventure.  A win in my book.
This game is completely worth the money. Go ahead! Do it!
3219	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Let me first preface this review by saying that I am a great fan of HP Lovecraft, Clark Ashton Smith, Robert E Howard, William Hope Hodgson, Arthur Machen and Lord Dunsany. And, if you didn't know, Arkham Horror is a game based squarely in the world of Lovecraftiana. I just wanted to get that out of the way, so that you know what my bias is. That said, intrinsic and eldritch understanding are not necessary to enjoy this most flavorful of Mythos games. Please visit a wikipedia for more information on these wonderful authors; you might thank me for it later.
Rules Clarity - 9/10
9414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son's first bday.  He liked the sound right away.  Helped him develop coordination - Three months later, he can hit the drum with the sticks as well as his hands.  Very nice sound. Very high quality.  Made well. My son likes to sit on it and bounce up and down - makes a nice little chair for him too.  We like playing it as well.  Love it!  great deal!
2660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun, strategic game.  We love playing with friends and family.

3325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My hubby and I play this on game night and we're addicted.  It's a great game of twists and I'm looking forward to buying the expansions.  I'm new to this type of board game and I've never played this type of game before and I really enjoyed it.  We played pandemic, which is great and Lords of waterdeep and muchkin, but this game is starting to grow on me.  It's all about strategy and when you think you can take a chance on making it past the doors to get to the core to start draining your opponents life that's where the fun begins.

6558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun brainteaser, and guess what - it doesn't take batteries!  I also like the handy little bag it can travel in.

3971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am a huge fan of Eldritch Horror. This expansion definitely adds quite a bit to the base game, extending playability and making great adjustments to the mechanics of the game.
7679	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson likes learning new games.
The two booklets are the same size as the Mansions of Madness ones, with the same internal design.
2790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use it for Storytime
- Works ok with 2 players, but it's not as engaging
8707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a neat ball bought for my granddaughter but I think I am more fascinated with it than she is
THE GAME MASTER'S/DUNGEON MASTER'S GUIDE
My husband, 11 year old girl and 8 year old boy play a lot. It is right up there with Blokus. :-)
4535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	REALLY enjoying Bananagrams!  I understand that it's actually a "game", but I like having it around to pass the time in the day...waiting for water to boil or laundry to finish.  It's fun to just grab a handful of letters and put together whatever words come to mind.  It's like my own portable crossword puzzle...no pencil required ;)


+ Players feel a sense of accomplishment even if they don't win
3298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Eight combatants will start the first round.  One will be eliminated each round, until in the end only 3 remain.  Each round you have the opportunity to place a bet on one or more who you think will endure.  Each one has a special ability that can help you or cripple your opponent, but you can only use these abilities if you have the most points wagered on those contestants.  Contestants that are eliminated score no points for players, and the player with the most points at the end wins.  Simple concept: yes.  Simple strategy: no.
7628	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An interesting old school commodities card game. I didn't think I would enjoy it, but I was quickly sucked in!
4829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this toy is super cute, but if you kid doesn't know how to read it might be a bit boring for them to do alone.  Mine was 6 when we got it and he played with it just a few times, but now that he's older i am hoping he will be more interested in it!  very cute body with squishy organs, really cute concept. plastic outer body that holds it all in could snap in place a bit better.
Just so you know, on a player's turn they can either collect up to two colored RR car cards, build a RR segment, or draw new destination cards.

* Right number of calculator functions  not too many as to be overwhelming for younger children
5096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hey smartie!  Don't pass this one up!
9459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift. I have purchased this for my own kids as well as two of my nieces. My oldest niece still sees generations of these butterflies in their yard 10 years later. A fun and educational activity that is really engaging for kids. My only complaint is that even though the website says there is a free voucher for caterpillars but you have to pay $8 - $30 for shipping which bothered me when I thought I was giving this as an all-inclusive gift.
2996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is obsessed with the five little monkeys jumping on the bed songs. So this toy is perfect for her! THe added part of being able to attach their hands together makes it even cooler. The monkeys are nicely made and cute.
8062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh this horrid game!  My son loves it... It teaches basic color and counting skills.  We are working on strategy and how NOT to cheat.  But I am sure it will come along.  The game board is a bit noisy with colors and pictures and the trail is a little tight but other than that it is a very cute game.
7224	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves games, and especially card games. I know, we are going to have fun, playing this one. Perfect Transaction. Recommend Highly! Thank you

4475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun game to play on your own or with a huge group of friends. Gave this to my mother in law for her birthday and it was a hit!
- Highly recommend getting some plastic bags or something to store the pieces as there are a lot of them
5220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved playing this game with my 6 year old grand child
For those who aren't familiar with the rules, it's as simple as drawing a card, moving your game piece and racing your opponents to the end of the trail to the castle. It comes with a deck of cards which consist of colored squares and pictures, four game pieces, the board and instructions.
2896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Smaller than I thought, but I wasn't paying attention to the size given. But it is perfect adorable size for a little 2yr old's arms, I love it!
I recommend at least 3-4 players for this game as it does get a little too predictable when you have only two players.
7652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game. Hours and hours of fun with my 4 year old, plus lots of math involved for her!
1571	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Im pretty excited to start this tradition. Im not sure what happened but my book box is a little damaged. I know it shouldnt be a big deal, but Ill be saving it for hopefully the next decade and it stinks that it will not be perfect to start.  The amazon box was not damaged so it makes me believe it didn't happen during shipping.

2863	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Finally a Llama Llama to go with the stories, genius and precious! These are a hit at my therapy center a d
8221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my daughter, remembering the great times I spent playing this game with my family as a child. The basic premise of the game is exactly the same, however the new game board is very busy...too colorful and jammed with illustrations, in my opinion. My daughter had a hard time focusing on the trail at first, because of all the illustrations. The original characters are still there, however a few extra have joined the board. I like that the gingerbread game pieces stand up much better than the original design. I think I will buy a classic board, and use the new gingerbread game pieces. For now, my daughter plays it at least twice a week.
897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game of strategy once everyone knows the rules. The rule book isn't very clear and the game varies slightly from the electronic version
3251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of many strategy games and this is now one of my favorites if not right there at the top.  I've played risk, and diplomacy and this game seems like a happy compromise of a number of great games with some minor flaws, which have been resolved in the assembly of this game. It can be a bit much to learn the first time through, but if you like strategy games its worth it.
1765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift set with the book and elf. Can't wait to get started!
7403	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this game for my 7 year old son who is crazy for card games, but this was too much.  It's a little complicated at first but my 10 year old started to catch on to the rules and enjoyed it.  I wouldn't recommend it for a child under the age of 9-10.
7059	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Arrived in pink. Would of loved to give as a Xmas gift. Just sent it back.
8416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game when I was 8 and being a adult in my 30's it is still fun!  must for the kids


1648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had to replace Frosty our elf quickly! thanks!
5127	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It has been years since I found a new game that I really enjoyed.  This is it.  Fun and thought provoking but not super intense.
9575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it but don't love having to order the living larvae - though it makes sense. Allow time to receive and then send for the living larvae.
Overall, I'm very happy with this set! It has been a great tool to have to help my children learn more about the human body and it's many different parts and functions. I think this would make a great gift for any child 4 and older. I would suggest you make sure your child knows not to put pieces in their mouth as these could become a choking hazard to anyone smaller.
2196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my go-to present for birthdays now. My kids love this game! Once you take things out of the box, it's pretty compact. I put everything in a large ziplock bag and take it on vacation with us to play in he airport, on the beach, at the park, whatever! Fun for kids of all ages (starting with beginning writers, like my 6 year old). My boys love to make up funny answers to the questions, lots of the answers have to do with poop, lasers, and candy :). Tons of fun!
7319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family having a ball with this game . . . grandsons, ages 8 and 9, love it!
I'd like to give my opinion of how FORMULA D stands against its main competition in Formula One board games, be it Avanlon Hill's out of print SPEED CIRCUIT.
8692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use the Sphere as a breathing tool for my kids Yoga Classes.  They love it and always ask me to bring it out.
4088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice miniature with a good paint job and no flaws that I have noticed. I field a number of these in my X wing list and have yet to be disappointed. comes with everything you need to assemble and have on the table in mere minutes.
8479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game
747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We enjoy planning this game as a family.

I have heard the game was designed by the maker of Dominion, a well known and popular fantasy card game, but since I have not played Dominion, this is a mute point with me.

The expansion versions add other possibilities, depending on the map (tunnels that can take more than one card to complete; ferries that require at least one locomotive; etc.).  Some of the maps/expansions are better suited to more players and others are limited to just two or three players.  You can probably find a version of this game that is best suited for your group, but this basic version is a good version to start with.
4348	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A different version of scrabble that's so much fun! Great game for family & friends!

2005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Doing this for my daughter was so much fun, in fact I don't know who had more fun? Me when moving the elf around or my daughter trying to find him in the morning.
5678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best Fluxx deck - almost enough actions and variety to create more than one successful strategy....ha - fun nonetheless
428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The first thing anyone who sees this for the first time is going to say is "WHAT IS IT ?" You'll quickly come to the conclusion that's a question much easier to ask than to answer. I guess the answer really is,"It's what ever you want it to be."
7855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Annoyed that I was giving this a gift and that it came so well packed but the box was still dented in all of the corners - which is really too bad since this was a gift. Love that the calculator works. Love that this can grow with the child. The parent of the child that I gave this to seemed less than thrilled since their kid is so connected with their personal ipad and kindel at age 4...but I really felt like this was a great gift that I would love for my child to receive. Hope the kid likes it...
9554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Used to have one of these growing up.
That said, my daughter loves the game, too, and she's learned quite a bit in playing.  We always keep two dictionaries nearby - one that is current and Webster's 1812 - and if she has a question about a word, she asks and then uses it in a sentence.  There are always opportunities to learn, for all of us!
Technical error: My game was missing one of the stand-up screens for a certain gang. We used another screen and it was fine.
4751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift kids enjoyed this gift. Fast shipping and great price.
4145	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As a fan of games like Arkham Horror and Magic: The Gathering as well as HBO's popular series, I was delighted to receive this game for review. The portrayal of characters and themes is true to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/A-Song-of-Ice-and-Fire/dp/0553381687/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Song of Ice and Fire</a>&nbsp;with all original artwork (no scenes from the show); gameplay is typical Fantasy Flight, meaning you'll need three or four play sessions and a few friendly arguments to settle on the rules. All in all, a pleasant way to spend a couple of hours... and you don't even have to kick the kids out of the room first.
You will notice your toddler will need help often at first, but will quickly catch up and find everything you do easy! As your kid learns more and more patterns, you (as a parent) will have a really hard time to make innovative arrangements. This is what makes the game so funny for me: it is a puzzle for the parent (arranging the cars) and for the child (getting the red car out). And for both of you, the game becomes more difficult the more you play it!
6117	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It came quickly and as describe but there are flaws. Software are clunky and none of the helicopter model work for me so I had to download a different software (HeliSimRC). It's just a totally different feeling training with a computer vs a real RC. I suggest you save some extra money and buy a cheap 4CH RC heli instead of this. You'll learn quicker from training with an actual RC than with this. For me, this is a waste of money.
2796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The grandkids love it
3484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use this gaming screen in my Pathfinder gaming sessions to help look up quick skill checks and help calculate experience like bonuses for story and trap encounters.
218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Whenever I see this game on my shelf, I get a disturbing visual of Quark's big head from Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. I then picture him playing Tongo with a bunch of other Ferengi...a game that deals with buying, selling, acquiring, and other things you'd normally see on the Wall Street floor. Don't ask me why...I haven't had my coffee yet this morning.
9411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids will love!
If you like Rummy-cube, you might like this, but it is harder.
5106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful for all kids K-4


2700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my 5 year old grandson. He loves it!
I think SPEED CIRCUIT is the more authentic, realistic and "personal": it is a harsh game, when players battle for racing lanes all the time. You have to not only to make your plot, you must almost ALL THE TIMES guess your opponent's plot. Also, like real racing", there's less opportunity to win if you're starting from the back of the grid.
3684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Let me say off the bat, I am not a fan of Gears of War the Video Game. I have nothing against it, I am just not a fan of First/Third Person shooters. I have played it a few times to understand it is basically your Aliens/HALO/40K type humans vs. the alien Horde romp. What I do like is the quality of Fantasy Flight's board games and I'm a sucker for Dungeon crawls (esp. Sci Fi themed) like Space Hulk, Warhammer Quest and Castle Ravenloft, to name a few. Gears of War was on my watch list and I picked it up when I saw it on deep discount here on Amazon ... Getting a $70+ FFG game for less than 40 was too good to pass up.
7410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	so glad i was able to find this game, so much fun
My only complaint is that the tiles are not painted as brightly as shown on the box.  The yellow is more chartreuse (yuck) and the orange is not very bright.  If your tiles are in shadow in front of you on the table, they're not visually very acute.  Our table has overhead lighting, so it's a bit of a pain.

2893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super Cute! My daughter loves all of the Llama Llama books so this is the perfect doll her her. It's now her favorite because it has the little "baby". FYI...The clothes on llama llama are actually removable.

The game plays in about 45 minutes for us and I like the fact that you can have up to 10 players.  The most we have played with is 7.  It is easy enough to learn and then the fun comes from gauging risk and reward.
there were several times elf forgot to move, and we decided tht sometimes he liked a spot so much he stayed there a couple of days! LOL
I strive to provide useful reviews, so it this was helpful to you, please give my review a thumbs up :)

Made in China
2375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Unforgiving game, but that's what makes it fun..
441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Goes good with the game.
5451	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Right before I played Scene It Magical Moments for the first time, I played a round of a 2nd edition Disney Scene It that I already owned.  That was great fun.  Sadly, the new Magical Moments edition is just not very good.
2912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice puppets
7307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We're slamwiching nightly and loving it. Adaptable for younger players (we take the munchers out of the deck...for now...) Great fun and easy to get the hang of...
6981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun

Overall, this is one of the best board games out there, well suited to beginning players or more advanced board gamers.
8443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wise and Otherwise is similar to and more cerebral than Balderdash. You will finish proverbs, and try to get others to pick yours over the actual one. Great with large and medium party groups.
-There are pegs that hold the muscles and bones in the back half of the clear body "case".  The pegs are extremely small and hard to fit into the holes on the case.
Overall, this is a great game to kill a few hours. You needn't have read the books or watched the series to play either. It only asks that you use some critical thinking and pre-planning, and it's a fun way to pass a few hours.
2502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I like the game and the tile lock system is nice when we moe the board around.
New Cons:
6794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great logic game for all ages.
9994	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my grandson's second birthday, and it was a big hit with him.  I'm sure he could have used a smaller tent, but I knew his sisters would try to get into it too, so I went for a pretty big tent for a 2 year old.  He loves to crawl through the tunnel to get into it.  His older sisters like to take a book inside and read to him.  The tent is easy to assemble and move around.  It's study and the colors are great.  Very pleased with this product.
3042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a gift and she loved it

2638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book so sweet!  So many different choices for drawing letters with the included templates. And for continuing with your own ideas and special style.  Could keep a young girl busy for hours.  Great to get the creative juices flowing.  I bought several of these to give as gifts..Amazon's price if pretty good.
2879	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great stuffie for my son to take to bed when we read all the Llama Llama Books. Holds up well.
9387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great drum.  My 3 year old can stand on it and it does not even show any signs of distress.  Love how it came with 2 mallets.  Didn't love the design at first but it has grown on me and now I actually really like it.  My girls all love it.  3 year old plays with it as well as my 1 year olds.  Fun for everyone.  Sounds great playing it with mallets or hands.
9115	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good item.  Brings a lot of joy to my little son, a lot of headaches to ourselves, LOL.

Whether you or your child can go through all the levels, this game is worth the money.  It teaches planning skills, critical thinking skills, spacial skills AND it is fun.
The game takes a little bit to get into because, while the rules are simple, it's not immediately clear how the timeline "ripple effects" work. You'll figure it out soon enough by playing the game, but it might take a few turns before it truly clicks. It might be good to play the first game with everyone just showing their cards to the group so folks can help each other through. Once you figure it out, start over and play "for real."
Definitely recommend Fluxx to anyone.
Anthony, the sixteen year old, won the game by the skin of his teeth. It was a close battle between the two of us until he drew a lifestone item card that replenished one health per turn. No matter how many firewalls I threw up and electric bolts I hit him with, I could never kill him...I came very close but he won through attrition with his constant life replenishment. He said that he enjoyed the combat element and all the different cards you could play to kill the other wizards.
just keep losing one connection piece... probably need to glue it before he lose it completely.


I'll warn you ahead of time, the most common and best free flight simulator for RC is FMS and this comes with a mini cd of that program.  The problem is.  FMS will not work on Windows 7. TI tried all the internet work arounds you practically have to be a game developer to try all the steps.  There are other substitute free r/c sim games you can use with this box, clear channel is one and there are a couple others, that are similar to FMS except, fewer aircraft.  Of course there is one, and only one paid simulator and it costs $150 about.  Too much for me!

This is a very unique in depth strategy board game. The rules can take a while to get to know, but the rule book does a fantastic job at explaining them. Civilization The Board Game supports up to four players, and it the game can take between 2-3 hours with two people and 3-4 hours with four people. This is a game that requires a lot of thought and strategy to play. A person can win in four ways: technology, culture, economy, and military. Depending on which victory a person chooses to pursue it can completely change the person's strategy. Another important quality this game has is that there are no dice, and hardly any luck.
7666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We were introduced to this game by a family member.  Bought it to take to a reunion on the other side of the family and had a blast playing it with everyone.  Fun for the adults and easy enough for the kids to join in as well.
4648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	He loved it!  Great fun project!

6010	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun game for fans of the show - but you don't have to be a fan to play! The game is like Monopoly meets Risk meets bikers. I know this one is based off of another board game, but I haven't played anything like this before, so I cant give a review of the comparison between the two.
COMPONENTS
8447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is amazing. If you have played and liked Balderdash, you should try this. Either way, it's a game that adapts well to different groups of people with different tastes and strengths. Almost nobody has heard of it who hasn't been introduced to it by me, and I get frequent requests to bring it to parties, board game nights, and such because it's so accessible and often hilarious.  If it's in stock, grab it, as this game can be hard to find!
8220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sister-in-law bought this game as a vacation gift for my 3.5 year-old son.  What a great idea for a gift, and it has turned out to be great fun for the family.  I don't really remember playing this as a kid, probably because kids outgrow this game by the time they're five, but after playing it for a couple weeks, it is easy to see why it has been a classic for 50 years.  It takes about ten seconds to understand the rules, and only slightly longer to explain it to a kid.  Like most pre-schoolers, my son doesn't like to lose, and he doesn't love to share or take turns, but I have to say it's remarkable how well he does with all of those skills while playing this game.  I'll let you in on a little secret why...
4867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids love these!

7525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	4 year old's favorite.  Great game for preschoolers.
1973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It shipped quick!  This has brought tons of fun and excitement for our family. My kids wake up every morning to find where the elf is.
9374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought these for my 1 1/2 yr old. He is too young to play them. But that's okay I'll keep them for later. They are really nicely constructed.
7119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for CHIPS for kids drive this Christmas
254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good product and delivery times
4413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game
6986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm anxious to see her using this.
2541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It tells you so in the description, but it's still smaller than I expected.  Still works great and tons of fun though!
Choice 3) Guidance Chip, at a distant 3rd, from the Inquistors TIE or Punishing One expansions (yes, both from other factions) is another possibility since it's probably the best card (an X Wing can take) to enhances torpedoes reliability. If you go this route, you may also want to consider ships that provide Flechette or Plasma Torpedoes to give you more options than just Protons.
---



4754	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We sent it back.  So inaccurate that my child was not going to learn much, and it fit together very poorly. The hard pieces did not mate up to the slots in the shell so it wouldn't stay together.  Book was all cartoonish and cluttered and no good for my visual learner.
There's even a solo adventure so you can see how it all works before you try and run a game for your friends.
Great gift for a young child.
706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got everything as described and promptly.  THANK YOU AND WILL BUY AGAIN!!!!
2758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute companion to gift with Pete books. Not a fluffy plush but skinny construction makes Pete easy to hold on to for little hands.
*the other two are Candy Land and the book "The Little Engine That Could"
9531	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it. Very helpful.

6549	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game!
This is a great filler game if you are looking for a new press your luck game. The components are very good and with future expansions in the hero cards, this game could find legs and keep going for awhile. I know it will be going to our game club for those times when we are waiting to start up a game.
these "figures" are more so statues, with no moving parts, except for Dany's wooden chest opens and closes.
2783	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a cute plush. His clothes do come off, but he's so much cuter with them on. He's soft. My daughter loves him.
*The Black Market phase of each round was our favorite. They have a really fun way of revealing your trade so that no one knows until they ante up.
It's easy for most age groups to play, and not slow and hard like scrabble can sometimes get.
8727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It gets bigger.. then gets smaller.  Little hinges can pinch you but frankly after many, many years of evolution you quickly figure out that it doesn't really hurt and to keep your fingers out the pinchy spots.

5283	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Qwirkle.  It is fun whether two or more play.  Very challenging when their are more players.  This is a great family game addition to your collection.


1977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it! Too bad the Elf forgets some nights to move on a different shelf, oops... Oh, and when the kids ask 'Mommy, why does the Elf has a tag on his back?' just answer with 'It says 'if found, return to the North Pole!''
6325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable! Great Detail and sturdy stands.
3234	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic expansion.
608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
I have the physical book as well, but the ebook makes it incredibly easy to look stuff up.  You lose the pretty formatting, but gain easy reference -- totally worth it as an add-on to the physical book.
The app is very easy to use it.  You can search for a page you want by clicking on the Meet Lulu icon, or you can scan a QR code that is found on each page and the app will take you to that page.
2) When 2 companies' tiles touch, they merge.  Having the most (and 2nd most) stock gets you cash bonuses, and then you can keep the stock for the company (as it might open back up) or trade it in for money or other stock.  Being in the right spot to take advantage of those is a HUGE component to the game.
1397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My friends and I absolutely love this game!
7710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If your kids enjoy playing store or accountant, or just love math...this is a great toy. Most ages will love this toy!
6677	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The good quality, bright colors, loud rattle all make this a good toy for your baby to play with. My daughter started playing with this at about two and a half - three months old and at nine months old she still picks it up and shakes it around. It's a great toy for when she's sitting in her swing or high chair (although now she has discovered the art of throwing objects across the room! lol) Good toy to teach babies hand to eye coordination. Very good quality and it has a good grip on it to make it easy for babies to pick up and hold on to. Recommended.
Is this the game for you?
2608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loved this .  She very artistic. This has improved her writing skill and is fun . Bought this when she was 8, she still uses it.
536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great card game for the whole family. A lot of fun to play with the kids and their friends, too. A fun way for the kids to learn to spell without even realizing it.
9548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very good buy for any school age child to help with multiplication numbers worth every penny
**If you buy more than one word kit, you will note that each word kit comes with a set of common words that appear as repeats if you own multiple kits. I like this though because it allows me to create longer pieces of poetry or imagery strings when I am in the mood.**
1691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys were super excited!
4. Resource System. To field units or play actions you must spend resources by putting a focus token on them. Each of your objectives has a set number of resources that can be used. There are also several cards that expand your playing field, allowing for more resources. It's a good mechanic to keep players from throwing all of their cards down at once.
8691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Update: One year later, this toy is still surviving in my house of 4 rough kids. They are not delicate with their toys and this is still holding up just fine. Every child that comes to visit always checks this thing out first. Would buy again for sure.

1299	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent board game, with a reasonable mix of skill and luck involved.  Depending on how many people are playing, and how quickly they take their turns, this game can take anywhere between thirty minutes and two hours.  The rules are simple, and while experienced players have an advantage against beginners, people can get up to speed after a few turns of their first game.  Strategies for winning consistently can be gained after only one or two games.
1967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you follow the directions and read the story, register the elf with your child present and move Santa's helper nightly, this is a wonderful toy.  Cynics will argue that we are getting children accustomed to the NSA with the Elf, but it's still fun and can help with discipline.
I recommend this new age scrabble board.
Great game for all ages.  Fun for gamers and non-gamers alike.  Play time is around 45 minutes (longer for new players, obviously).  This game plays 2-5 players.
5454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have had the original game "Scene It?" for a few years (when it first came out) as I am a big movie and also trivia buff. The game is really great, I feel, right up there with Trivial Pursuit (which I consider the greatest game ever invented).

that made our little
5484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is definitely for the kids. When we played along with the kids, we didn't think the game was all that great, but the kids absolutely loved it. They were really excited to play it, and got really into the game especially when "Bumble" was on the move.
9859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this toy when my son was just over 6 months old and crawling. The tubular construction is padded so it is easy on the knees.  Another thing that made it a great choice is the peek windows that allow the child to see you or crawl towards where they hear your voice.  My son is now almost 5 and it is still one of his favorite toys.  He and his friends pull it out and have a blast.  The best thing is that it is so well made that it is still in great shape.  My son was a late in life child so we are able to buy just about anything we want for him, and we do. (Although we do rotate and give to charity quite often to keep him from having too much) So when I say this is in the top 5 of all the toys ever....it is saying something.  So much so that I am ordering another one for our 7 month old nephew for Christmas.
6814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this game for my Grandson for Christmas. He loves it and plays with it all the time. Very happy.
7504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My two year old like this product and the money seems pretty durable.
We have not played any expansions, but I am looking forward to playing the game on the iPad.  I think it would be so cool to play a world expansion involving boats, air travel, maybe submarine travel.  The possibilities for iPad play are endless.

My husband does NOT like playing word games with me because I usually win and he ends up not having any fun.  This is why Scrabble and Boggle have been collecting dust on the shelf. To my suprise, he enjoys playing Bananagrams. I think it's because this game does not require you to be a word junkie.  In fact, it's the opposite! It's actually easier to win if you make short little words.  Case in point - it's a lot easier to turn the word Tap into Tape if you draw an E, or into Tarp if you draw an R, and so on.  Whereas if you make a big word, you usually can't add or drop a letter from it.  This game keeps you on your toes!  You have to be able to see opportunities to change words quickly without having to rearrange your entire crossword.
This game is sort of the epitome of Ameritrash (and I say this fondly, as someone contemplating buying a 3rd version of Risk): loads of theme, loads of violence, and loads--LOADS--of randomness. I realize that's part and parcel here, but it really sucks to work your way into a great (or at least survivable) tactical position and then watch your carefully hoarded powers and hit points disappear in a flurry of bad rolls (come to think of it, that sucks in Risk, too).
This is a great tradition to start with your family. My son, who just turned 1, was excited over it as well. I'm not sure he really knew what was going on, but he learned from watching how excited his sister would gwt!

The cards look super great as usual!
4963	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	FUN
2597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun for my kids.  My son was learning about 2-D shapes in school, so I got these.  He placed the shapes together to make pictures.  My 5 year old, who I intended it for, and his sister loved using these.  It occupied them for more than an hour.  I put the extras away for a rainy, inside day, when they can enjoy them again.
5130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.
898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the family. Our kids enjoy it a lot and we like playing it as well so it is a double win!!
My daughter gets pretty creative telling stories about the Candy Land characters, but the best part about this game is that it teaches kids how to be patient and wait for their turn in a creative way.
8210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just gave this game to my grand-nephew age 5 and he loved it. He started playing with his grandpa and had a great time. He's into taking apart, building and making anything so was definitely ready for this game.
1979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We started the tradition this year with my children, ages 2 and 4. They absolutely LOVE finding our elf, Martin, every morning. My husband and I laugh every night finding wild things for him to do. It is a great tradition that I know my children will cherish.
8175	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Operation is one of those classics all kids should have. I am always looking for games that teach something too. This one is one that definitely works the fine motor skills and hand eye coordination and patience. It also teaches some general anatomy. The new one is stupid. Cell phone parts!?!? i remember playing this as a child and loved it. It is so nice to see some of the classics coming back in the original forms. I hate what they have done to so many of the classics.
3516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I tried the recent D&D Redbox and I hated it.  I tried this Pathfinder box and I felt it gave me a real understanding of the game.
* Satisfying bell "ding" when drawer opens
4031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best quality screen I've seen.  Has tons of 'at your fingertips' information that you need during game play.  Helps to keep the narrative moving as you don't have to page through the book for information.

6192	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	$20 buys you a very easy RTF helicopter, a cheaper way to learn the world of RC control, and a winter of enjoyment.  Even a great stocking stuffer!  Needs lots of batteries, so make sure you buy a box before it gets unpackaged Christmas morning.
There is enough stuff in each of these books to keep kids entertained for hours. Some are practical jokes, others are strange facts.
He plays ROUGH and this toy holds up well
The best thing about this game is that there's nothing really complicated.  The kids don't even have to know their colors to play.  They just need to match up the color on the card with the color on the board.
On a turn, a player may do one of three things. They may draw two cards, one at a time from either the face-up cards and/or the draw pile. Each card shows a different color of train car - matching the eight different colored spaces on the board. There is twelve of each color car in the deck. There are also eighteen "locomotive" cards, which function as wild cards. When a player draws a face-up card, the card is replaced immediately before they draw another card. A locomotive card counts as two cards if drawn when face-up, but only one if drawn when face-down. If there are ever three locomotive cards face-up at any time, all five cards are immediately discarded, and five new cards are drawn. If the cards run out, the discard pile is shuffled back to form a new draw deck.
9296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had just refurbished my daughter's dollhouse for her daughter's third birthday and was looking for some unbreakable furniture so that she could enjoy the dollhouse now.  This will be perfect!  It's cute, rugged, just the right size for small hands, and unbreakable.  The classic style and plain wood (I do not plan on painting) will go with the current and future interior design of the house, and the little touches such as doors that open and chair pads make it more grown-up and realistic.  I don't know whether my granddaughter or daughter will appreciate and enjoy this more.


You really need strategy to play.  This was one of the games that we played while reading the directions the first few times.  Then people started cheating and we went back to the directions.  The directions ought to be laminated.

9636	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Growing up I had a keyboard like this to learn my math facts and loved it. Bought one for my daughter and we received it today.  I would give it 5 stars for the idea of it, but out of the box 3 of the buttons are pushed in and won't pop out. No way to pop them back out. She was still happy with itm and the general idea. Disappointing.
7460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids 4 and 5 really like this little thing. It makes a little 'ding' when the register opens and the little credit card is just cute. It was worth the money, for sure.


3719	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	One needs THREE core sets to be competitive.  I bought all three.  It cost me around $100. I'll be selling them all now, because I feel disgusted with the business model.  There should of been a completion deck made available for $14.99.
The job of designing a game system that would reproduce the events in the Dresden Files books is one I wouldn't have undertaken on a bet, but these guys have managed to figure it out. Kudos for that.
(5) I really enjoy the Lovecraft flavor of this game, and the creative way that the lore was worked into the cards (particularly the Necronomicon)
8024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a sturdy cash register toy.  My daughter has lots of fun playing with this cash register and it is very educational for her to learn addition and subtraction on money concept.  She has lots of fun to count the coins and play pretends. The solar power works immediately.  My kid loves the sound it generated when the drawer pop open.
1294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As noted in many of my other relevant game reviews, I'm I am always looking for games I can play with my fiance. She is what some would call a "reluctant gamer" whereas I am an avid gamer, so I have be careful about what games I introduce her to. She prefers games that rely at least a little on luck (i.e., not all strategy) and aren't too complex (i.e., where you can learn/remember the mechanic after a game or two), whereas I love strategy and complexity but don't mind a little luck. We also like games you can finish in a single session (or games you can play multiple times in a single session).
The rings break apart too easily, which frustrates the little kid. Plus, they don't whistle easily...also frustrating a little kid.
3972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!

2289	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great idea! I liked this way better than the elf on the shelf, which I thought was creepy looking. Christopher is much cuter! He also has pose able arms and legs so you can make him do more stuff.
6535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product great speed A+
1661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice!
While there is a lot of luck in how the dungeon dice roll, theres an equal emphasis on how you use your party dice to deal with the bad rolls that may come upand trust me, they will.  Since your companions are each good at dispatching a particular monster, youll have to think a bit as to which dice youll want to give up at that particular moment (once a party die is used for any task, it is discarded).  You might have two champions, a thief, and a warrior in your party for example, and be presented with two chests.  Your first instinct would be to use the thief to open both (warriors, clerics, and mages can only open one), but you realize that you have two dragon dice sitting in the lair and theres a good chance youll be facing off against it soon.  Giving up a champion to open both will still leave you with the three different companion types youd need to defeat it.

8185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it's a hit for my 5 y.o. He played it at his friend's house during a party and we had to buy one, too =)
5494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I must say - I probably have 15 versions of Scene-It and have always asked - for the past few years - why not Star Trek?
Youve got a board with plain-Jane grid of numbers and letters, and a stack of tiles for each square.  You randomly draw tiles and can place one each turn and buy up to 3 shares.  If- when you place a tile- you connect previously unconnected tiles you get to start a new corporation- and you get a share- for free!  You still get to buy three more.  Sometimes when you place a tile, you will connect two separate corporations, this triggers a merger where the smaller of the two- or if its a tie, the person to placed the merging tile gets to choose which corporation is bought out.  Now the person who holds the most shares gets a payout, and the person who holds the second largest gets a smaller payout.  Now you can do one of three things:
8145	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift for grandkids.
The inside of this book was loved by my 6 year old as much as she loved making the front cover.  There are all kinds of things to fill in, many of them focused on creating positivity (e.g., 30 days of writing the best thing that happened that day).  There are quizzes, drawing pages, hair ideas, etc.  The activities are imaginative, brightly colored, and quite fun.  There are so many cute pages of mini-journaling! Because of the thick board-like high quality paper, they do require care as to which writing utensil you use (or the words will bleed/get rubbed).

2878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our class just loves the Llama Llama series. It is nice to have the actual llama stuffed doll. Good value for the price.
There is some luck involved because you're drawing cards every turn, but you always have 8 of them.  Thus strategy plays a much greater role in winning the game, and new players will probably lose the first time until they get past the learning curve, but it only takes one full game to figure out the strategy, and then it's a real challenge.  The mechanics of this game could easily be transposed into a mafia theme, or any other type where elimination is the ultimate endgame, so it's not what I'd consider deep in that department, but the artwork is good and the colors are bright.  The cards are coated, which makes them shuffle well and durable too.  The portable size of this game makes it a great choice to stick in your glove box or backpack.  Share this one with your friends.  Highly recommended.
1499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I enjoy playing board games with friends and have found that this is a great game to teach beginner/intermediate players. It does have a good amount of strategy, but the rules are more simple than some other strategy game so it is easy to get the hang of it the first time you play.
Obviously there is a lot more to the game than my simple explanation, but overall this game is a very fun, light game that all people have enjoyed. Even those not into racing. The fact that it also supports 2-10 racers is great for family gatherings.
The only difficult thing is the cards. They are tiny little things, and the game uses a LOT of cards and demands reshuffling them frequently (the discard pile ends up with groups of like cards). This is difficult to do due to the size of the cards. I believe there is an add-on (1910?) that contains bigger cards.
3149	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our son has been sleeping with this for the past year. His "froggy" has traveled with us all over, and he enjoys touching the silky side as well as the fluffy side as he falls asleep. It's great that the "lovey" has a face, but is also more of a blanket as well. A perfect choice for a baby shower gift for either gender. The froggy washes up great in the washing machine which is a must for a toddler!

This is one that we won't be playing much in the future, and I plan on getting a standard Scrabble since it can't be any worse than this. The game itself is fun, not the presentation.
DOWNLOADABLE ADD-ONS
Besides the gameplay this is easily DOA's other strength.  This game has maybe TOO MUCH replayability.  First off I played as 1 character against 1 character.  I can see myself playing that same exact setup alone for hours and the game would still have enough variety for me to have fun and none of the games would feel the same.  Now remember that there are roughly 30 characters (or close to) in this box.  Ok great now we are at well over 100+ hours of variety and fun.  Add in arenas that change the board (did I forget to mention we were playing on a bland, vanilla board?).  Well that possibly adds another 30+ hours so we are at 130.  Well this is only 1v1 mode, there is also 2v1, 3v1, single player and coop dungeon, tag team, 2v2, 3v3 tournaments, and more!  This is just rediculous, I couldn't even guess as to how much replay value this game has!  I own games like Agricola, Manhattan Project, Cosmic Encounters, Race For The Galaxy, etc and with all of those games I probably reached only 10-20 hours each before some games started to feel the same (granted I still enjoyed them).  So let that sink in.
6399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ah, Dilbert. The 90s newspaper cartoon character we all fell in love with and look forward to reading about in the Sunday paper. Now you can take Dilbert with you wherever you go! This doll measures about 15 inches tall and is very nicely put together. The manufacture paid attention to every detail of this character, even down to his tie that always sticks out! The body is made out of a soft material, like a stuffed animal, while the head is made like a soft squeezable plastic or rubber.
Recommendation: Do yourself a favor and pick up the 1910 Expansion Set while you're at it for the larger playing cards.  This makes it easier to hold all the cards in your hands.
6225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This costume works great. My 5 year old loves it and it looks very American Indian. Great Costume. Buy it.
4344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game!
If you like what we bring you, please vote for us here:[...]
1850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandma has one, we got one.  Loved it.  Our kids already knew the story so we didn't read it or anything.  We did go online and print the Santa Letter and the adoption cert.  Its fun and our kids really enjoyed all of his antics this year.
4229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to learn, fun game to play; the more players the longer the game.
Things I'm on the Fence About
8107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my two granddaughters, ages 4 and 6. They loved it and have fun playing it together.
7691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Arrived with display window crooked.  Other than that, it's a great toy.  Would've liked four bill slots since there are four kinds of bills.  Calculator works and beeps when you press each button.  Mechanical bell rings when you open it like a real old-fashioned cash register.  Drawer occasionally gets stuck for no reason.  Love the solar-powered feature so I don't have to change batteries.  Plastic coins are textured and fairly realistic.  The bills are made of regular computer-type paper and rip when handled too roughly.  (Not as tough as real money, naturally).  This gift was a real winner for my four kids of different ages and encouraged good play.  The credit card doesn't get played with much (just gets lost).
dont make them cry though
8997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a high quality drum with a beautiful animal graphic.  I am a private piano teacher and use this daily to teach rhythms in my piano studio.  The drum produces a wonderful sound and the students love to tap out rhythms using the mallets.  This was money well spent and I hope to add more Remo drums to my collection.  My 2 and 3 year old even enjoy playing with this instrument.
There are also easy ways to alter this game to change it up a bit. You can play for a high score instead of a low score (we call it "rats" instead of "cats"). You can add an extra hidden card to the middle of each person's hand.
A great addition to any collection. It is the perfect game for travel with a heavy game with great portability.

Final note: bag is is sturdy and of a nice quality,  it cheap at all.
5336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have really loved and enjoyed this game!  Sometimes we play it with children and sometimes we play it with just the adults.  Easy to learn and understand.  Allows for conversation while playing but just enough strategy involved to make it fun as well.
5518	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Charley Harper illustrations. This is your standard memory game with lovely art. Makes a great, unique gift.
8813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old and almost 2 year old love this, it's one of the few toys they have where they play together without fighting. They fill their backpacks and lunchboxes, put on jackets and hats and out they go. I've even been given a small part in the production; when the five year old comes back in and says "Hi mom", he has instructed me to say "How was soccer practice?" It's great, folds pretty much flat and slides under the couch. Unfolds in seconds and can be used indoors or out. There's even a cool inflatable steering wheel. The photographs of them peeking out the windows are fab!
It's silly fun with half the cards changing the rules or the goals of play.
588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great way to keep my son learning both in school and out. He introduced our family to this game after playing at school during indoor recess. We like the way it helps build vocabulary for the younger ones and stretches our strategy skills for the older ones. You try to find long words or multiple words using the cards you have with each letter being worth points. The longer you play, the more cards you get in each round. Board games take up so much space, so it's nice to have a small deck of cards to pull out of a drawer with the same impact on fun (if not more).
9657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old LOVES this train crossing
What's more, the pictures on the cards are super cute and funny. This may be the perfect game.
Luck may be more important than strategy with this game, but that is half the fun! Newbies may have just as much of a chance to win as experienced players do. So if you are looking for a game with hard thought, long term strategy, this is NOT it. This is a fun family style game of simple adventure.



9797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	a gift
7647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this to teach my small son about handling money and reinforcing basic simple math lessons. Nice large buttons and includes a real built in calculator.  Nice easy to read display, bills and coins. The bills are large and easy to read for small children and the coins are plastic with decent realism. I was not too happy with the included fake credit card but overall the register is perfect to teach children how basic American currency is broken down.  For the $20 I paid, pretty happy and fairly fun for my son to run his "toy store".
410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Christmas gift.  Fun for all.
151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This set is in a convenient box and has many many little detailed pieces. My 4 year old loves designing different types of houses! There are even great little pets that hang out in the windows and on the porches! My kiddo loves letting the pets roam around the yard and check out all the features she places, which leads me to think she'd really love more living creatures to inhabit these places. This would be a great travel toy because you can't play with it unless it's in the box. Everything sticks in there. The one gripe I have is that it looks like there are 4 different cards to play with, but there are only 2 cards front and back, and they all fit inside the box, so you can only really look at one at a time, 2 cards max if you spread it out on another magnetic surface like a fridge. Not a big deal, but just a little crowded when trying to play.
161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter got these as a gift and she loves them. Shes one and will play with these on the fridge or dishwasher for 10-15 minutes. The design is very cute on them. Perfect size for little hands as well!
6007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	EVEN the box looks like Cards against Humanity so I was all over this in seconds.  However, bigger box = more complicated game.  There are lots of pieces. I can understand the money, badges, cellphones (circa 1990s).  But then there are also plastic bags and guns, motorcycles and people.


5811	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adults: sharpen your pencils. If you liked puzzles, and dot-to-dot books when you were a kid, you'll love this dot-to-dot book.

8339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Operation game as a gag gift for a friend's husband who was having surgery,  He'd already gotten all kinds of magazines and books and I thought this might give him a laugh.  Plus, he could play it w/the grandkids when they visited...that's already happened and it was a big hit.
It is easy to put a faith based element into your play and story as well as any other customs you may want to impart. The Elf makes the anticipation for Christmas more keen and kids enjoy playing hide and seek as well as talking to the Elf.
3585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These are very cute but as other reviewers commented very Small.  They are slightly bigger than the size of a credit card (3"x3.5"). These are perfect for Mermaid/Pirate goodie bag.  Not sure why this mermaid design is so much more than the other designs, but all of them are super cute.
8752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product! Great quality! Both my kids love it!
- The ability to deduce what cards that others have in their hands. I know that this sounds impossible, but with careful observation you can usually deduce who has what.

6482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game spared me from hours and hours of boredom at my mom's workplace. It's a good game for those who enjoy thinking alone.
8351	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids couldn't wait for this game to be delivered. Granted...this game can be a pain in the butt with all you have to do to put it together, but its a fun time!! As you play, the players put the game pieces together to build the mousetrap as you go, but sometimes that can be too much for the little ones....so we sometimes just play once we set everything up and see who gets to the trap first. All in all....it's fun!
began to play
6272	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The lights went out pretty quickly for these. By the time we had finished hiding them, they were already dimming noticeably. I think the photos shown might be taken under blacklight, because ours were never that bright even after hours of light exposure.
6876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this game for our 10 years old boy, and everybody in the house love it! My husband and I play with it all the time with the kids, and it is an excellent choice to play in restaurants while waiting for the food!  A 5yo neighbor went to our house to visit, and he loves the game so we gave him one as a Xmas present.  It is challenging, entertaining and fun!

2111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Someone told me about Elf on a Shelf earlier this year knowing how into Christmas I am! This is a wonderful idea for parents who want to create a running dialogue with their kids about Christmas and all that goes into it.
3037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent yarn. The blanket I made turned out perfect!!
5431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Of course, you will not have seen all of the movies in this game, yet you may be familiar with the scene.  If you knew all of the answers the game would not be fun.  Along the lines of obscurity, older/black & white comedies included in the set would make the game more approriate for older players. For example, having never watched a Ben Stiller movie on purpose, I can pass on those questions.

Honestly, you cannot go wrong with ThinkFun games. There is one (or two or three) for everyone! I've said it before, and I'll say it again, every year I bring a bunch of ThinkFun games to our family reunion and they are the big hit with everyone -- kids, parents and grandparents.
Game plays longer than expected with them as the forced draws and math can add time, which is fine.

You get a complete set of poly dice.
2654	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	If in the 1800's they printed on off-center, crooked cut paper with pixelated designs, then these cards would be perfect. I think they printed better back then, these were pretty bad
8056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this game.

1839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	can't go wrong with THE ELF!



8723	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Does not have the impact of the larger sphere, but cute anyway.
8276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a child, I myself grew up with Candyland.  Now that I have children of my own, my house wouldn't be the same without it.
Overall, it was easy to assemble and disassemble. It did exactly what we needed.

7813	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I just played this game with my oldest son who is 6.  I felt like we had fallen into in infinite time loop anomaly, and a boring one at that.
There's a lot of skill involved and kids are figuring out basic mental math and probability, so that's great.
7399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun party game that I wish I would have discovered sooner!
5585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing quality, exactly as expected.
5656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cthulhu Fluxx is a pretty cool card game. The atmosphere of H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos is astounding. Lots of Creepers and Keepers! Fluxx Card Games are cool since the rules are always changing. Fluxx games are fast to play and easily understandable. This is a fun game, even when 'Darkness wins'.
8083	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic game!! You cant go wrong with game!! I'm in my 30's and I still enjoy playing it with family.

9476	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I totally agree with the other reviewers: the quality is very poor. damage the card in the beginning. very easy to lose small cards. very cheap made. does not worth $12. The idea is fun. But there are other better games at this price(I mean quality). BTW, there is no way to contact the seller or manufacturer. No phone number, no response. Do not buy this. Buy something made in U.S. At least you can talk to someone when there is a problem.
Wish it was actually a console game, like on the PS3 so you don't have to manually set your timer, etc.
3174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great soap, nice and frothy even with hard water, rinses clean.  Deodorant bars can be very perfume-y, but I'm sensitive to scent and was worried even about the sage & lemongrass in this bar...but it really is pretty much unscented.  There is a faint soap scent but not even close to being noticeable.  I have been looking for awhile for a good natural unscented soap...many of the bars I found were either hard bricks that didn't lather up well or else melted away fast in the shower.  This soap lathers beautifully and lasts, so now I buy it in bulk and save.
5235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family and friends enjoy playing this game with us. Our grandchildren ages 8 & 10 are so good at it they can beat their grandparents easily. A great game to play with young and old.
2442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ready to entertain
5948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game.  Love the 1-player mode.  Because the box is so compact, this is the game I take with me when I travel so I have it to play whenever I have a little down time.  This really is a nice little treasure.  So glad I purchased it.
6725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great
3637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son is a gamer and this is a great game for him to add to his collection. Will make a great gift.
7300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my granson loved it!
268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has grat mechanics. I think many get it expecting to have the kind of experience you have within the standard D&D RPG, but this IS a BOARD GAME! Albeit; the play is great, but there is just so much you can do with randomization. That's randomizing tiles, treasures, etc.
8851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful child's drum.  Our 1 year old loves playing on it.  It has such a nice musical sound and I love that it has two drum sticks.  Our son has decided that he likes to chew on the rubber/fabric drum stick ends, but so far, they are no worse for the wear.  Great toy.
6075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have 6 grandsons. The 6 year old got this for a Christmas gift. He loves the game and learned how to play without much help. The game does not take too long to play. He has had many hours of fun playing it.
4580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Let me give you a new family ritual before I even begin my review: Whenever someone in my family mentions Bananagrams, we all sing a little song to the tune of Menomena by the Muppets. It goes, "Dut dada dat... Bananagrams! Dut dada dat."
Can play the same tracks and still have fun
6879	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We got this game as a gift for my daughter's 7th birthday; that was in July of 2012 and we have enjoyed playing it. The first few times we played it as a memory match with all of the blue backed picture cards, which our family all found fun. Myself and my husband appreciated the fact that it wasn't as monotonous as standard memory match game, in that the "matching" cards aren't exactly identical. My daughter liked the fact that it wasn't *babyish*, implying that regular pair matching was for much younger kids.
28	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product.

A few reasons:
6292	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got it today. Perfect for a baby.
6145	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was fun

8079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as you remember from your childhood. Fun family game. My kids are 6, 8, and 10 and all enjoy it.
1128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game that is a reasonably quick play. My wife and I have played this on our own and also with a group totaling 5 players. It is a fun game that is different each time. It is not a terribly long play which makes it great for a quicker evening game. I'd say our games ran about 30 minutes. I'd recommend this as a great game to have. I do wish the cards were larger though as I find them difficult to shuffle because of their size.
I enjoy playing this with about 4 people total.
And boy am I a proud mother or what. I was happily surprised with our son's capability to solve these puzzles.
Players:  2  6 players
3659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	60 cards 1 new hero, whats not to like?? This expansion fleshes out an already awesome core game. I highly recommend all expansions in the mirkwood cycle.
3.) Strategy: When I first was taught the game by Eric Hautemont, CEO of Days of Wonder, I didn't think that strategy would be that important. Then, he beat us, scoring 162 points to my 82, and my friends 54. I was floored! I thought that I was doing well, during the game, but realized several things that I missed afterwards. I found out in the game that there are different strategies, and was impressed with how they differed. One can ignore their ticket cards and just try to place long trains, hoping to get a lot of points. Or one can try to complete as many ticket cards as possible, not worrying too much about how long of trains they place on the board. Then, there is the middle ground - but is a compromise of the two strategies enough to win? Not to mention the fact that players must watch other players, and occasionally place trains to mess them up.
5074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this for A Christmas gift for our granddaughter. The family had a great time playing it. She is seven years old and the rest of us are various ages. Everyone was able to understand this concept and a great time was had by all. This is a wonderful game that young and old can enjoy. Is not difficult to learn. The game seems to be made of quality materials that look like they will hold up for a long time.
6845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game.  My 4 year old son is obsessed with it and has no problem doing it.  I highly recommend.
7631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good toy to teach kids the concept of money. My 4-year old likes it.
1099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game.  I can play it with my friends or my grandkids.  We plot and scheme to get the longest railroad.
9822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my daughter's 1st birthday. Not only was the shipping fast (I LOVE Amazon!) but she loves her tunnel. So easy to put away and to pop out. This seems very durable. My daughter LOVES going in her tunnel. This is the perfect gift for a crawling baby / toddler. Love it!
weeks! It still a bargain, still a blast, easy to work on and fun to drive. Steering knuckles, cheap, buy a half dozen when available. It's the only
9712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Children are also pleased
This is like scrabble but faster and more fun in my opinion. I also didn't play by the exact rules. We divided the tiles evenly amongst the players and then just played until no one had any tiles left. Helps to have less rules when you're drinking.
Unlike collectible card games this game will NOT end in 5 or ten minutes. Expect to spend 30-90 minutes to play a single game. You really need to play with 3 or more players to truly enjoy this game, and 4 to 5 is optimal. Although it is possible to play the game with up to 8 players, DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS UNLESS YOU INTEND TO SPEND SEVERAL HOURS PLAYING! With seven or eight opponents stabbing each other in the back, it is impossible to achieve a victory quickly. Yet, there is still plenty of dealing, double-dealing, backstabbing, and fun to be had in this box!
7769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product--Fair Price
7930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love that it is solar powered and that they can learn to use money as well as play "store".
3240	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it is great what a difference there is so much more to do with the expansion pack we just love it takes hours to play but what a great game.  We love it.
538	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very interesting game. Give it a try, you won't get bored.
6672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Too addicting
Many people liked the version with the 3-d peices because they don't get bumped... but if you play on a table and aren't trying to hold a baby at the same time or have a cat that likes to jump on games (which are valid concerns), then this version will do fine. I'm not really certain why some people keep buying each version, unless they collect or their old one is worn out from many a good time.
Salt Lake City to Houston (goes from the western US to the south-center)
(3) "Hobbie" Klivian, a pilot skill 5 unique pilot that costs 25 points, with a very helpful special ability that reads, "When you acquire or spend a target lock, you may remove 1 stress token from your ship."  A great reason to save your target lock until after a K-turn.
3808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice figure

The educational aspect of this game is in the historical timeline. If you've got people unfamiliar with some of the events or why changing this event might alter the course of history and affect that event, it can bring up some interesting conversation. For kids, it might get them interested in finding out more about those events. That said, it isn't a history lesson itself - there's not, like, a bunch of details about the events, just general chronology.
981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Given to 10 year old grandson, who requested it for his birthday - played at Christmas and truly enjoyed it.
5891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love RPG games but really hate the setup and all the add this add that, but this game makes for a simple and very fun way for a cool adventure. Late night fun.
I've never watched the show but that didn't seem to make a difference as to how much fun it was. The only downside of the game is that it is a 3-4 player. We either seem to have the two of us, or more than 4, so it isn't as expandable as a game like Dominion.
3086	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love her!  She was the last one I needed!  Thanks!
We've primarily played Undermountain and it makes the game MUCH more forgiving when there's more players b/c it's harder to 'lock' a single player out of a key resource. My wife and mother in law don't like the idea of corruption (mom's a little religious/goody goody) so we haven't played it much, but based on reading through the buildings, cards, etc., it adds a lot more volatility to determining who wins in the end.
5726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fluxx gets a lot of tepid reviews from players claiming the game is too random and contains too much luck. Well, those aspects are true. You can totally be winning at one point and in the very next turn, you'll be furthest away from victory. As long as you are aware of this element, Fluxx is an entertaining little card game.
2620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Daughter loves product

When I sat down to write this, I was planning a 4-star review.  As I wrote and thought about it, though, all of these positive aspects literally changed my mind on my rating.  I think that Trouble probably IS only a 4-star game in terms of the pure fun.  However, as a teaching tool/game combination, only a few games are in its league.  5-stars.
7889	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product
For the price you are getting way more than you think you will get.  This is a nice car and it moves!  I had a Kyosho Optima way back in the day that I used to race and this is right up to speed with that.  Im blown away by how good this buggy is.
(2) Palob Godalhi, a level 5 unique pilot that costs 20 points whose special ability reads, At the start of the Combat phase, you may remove 1 focus or evade token from an enemy ship at Range 12 and assign it to yourself. Note that this takes a token from an ENEMY ship, as opposed to the Z-95's Kaato Leeachos who lets you take it from a friendly ship (see above).
9965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We love this tunnel!!
There are many question cards with family and kid-friendly questions, however if playing with adults only, use your imagination.  All pieces to the game are high quality and should hold up for a while.  This is very entertaining and highly recommended.  It is for ages 8+ and 3-6 players.  We found that playing in groups was also a lot of fun!  I never played Say Anything which also used the tokens but I would love to see the Meeples like in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wits-Wagers-Family/dp/B003BLQIQK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wits & Wagers Family</a>.  But the game is a must, easy to understand and everyone has a blast!
It amazes me how people keep coming up with fun games, but Qwirkle proves that there are still creative people out there creating new, fun games.  Youll be hooked after your first game.
During the game you have phases that you go through that the player order is determined by who controls the Iron Throne and the order of players that follow down the influence track (which is bid upon during "The Clash of Kings".) You have the Westeros Phase" (skipped in round one), the Planning Phase and the Action Phase.
4169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun card game that I think can be enjoyed by a variety of people, even if they're not Game of Thrones die-hard devotees.  HOWEVER, the game is also fairly complicated, and learning how to play for the first couple of times, before you get the hang of it, is definitely a challenge.  This game is not for the faint of heart or for those without a little bit of patience!  This more so of a role-playing game (not a trivia game at all).
- First of all, an adult or older child can play with a five year old and still be challenged.
3168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Here's what I like about this toothpaste: 1) my dentist says it's the best toothpaste from an overall oral care perspective because it contains more than just fluoride, but also an antibacterial ingredient for overall gum health and to reduce tartar buildup; 2) a small amount does the job, so you're not wasting product and money; 3) the packaging is just perfect, no annoying tube that takes up a ton of space in the medicine cabinet, with the flat lid on this little squeeze bottle you can also store it upside down so you can serve up the amount you need with no waiting, then flip the lid closed, all with one hand.



The rule book is pretty well laid out so that even though there is a lot in it, it is not real hard to understand. If you read it a couple times you should be able to get a good handle on the basic operation of the game and only need to refer for special situations hopefully. Also included in the game are two quick reference sheets help shorten the game by not needing to dig in the rule book. Each player gets a screen to hide their tokens with more quick reference tidbits which is another great help to keep gameplay time down.
Here's a hint to keep you from pulling the battery wires loose from the connector:
-Some bones, like leg and arm bones have 2 pegs.  It's very difficult on some to get BOTH pegs to line up.
The kids start searching for the elf immediately when they wake up! Knowing Santa is watching has definitely motivated them to be a behave a bit better!  This cute little tradition makes the Christmas season more fun.  It's a very special tradition in our house. I love that the book has an old fashioned feel to it, the illustrations are wonderful.
6459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	An affordable version of the classic game, but you get what you pay for - the board is a little flimsier than I expected. Everything works well, but I didn't expect a thin cardboard layer I'd have to attach myself. I hope the little rubber feet don't fall out.
68	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this kit, definitely worth every penny as she has quit an assortment of puppies to play with. Also make cute gifts.

I'm planning to get very comfortable with the game and then buy the 1910 expansion pack. Then we should be all set for many years to come.

9542	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great value.
The Westeros Phase concludes advancing the game round maker, drawing  Westeros cards which may have to be resolved and advancing the Wildlings track. You may have to deal with the Wildlings in which the players secretly bid an amount of power tokens to stop them. There is a consequence to the players who bid the least if the threat is not beaten.
4911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
1696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cute and perfect

7192	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Candy Land is the perfect game for little ones who can't really use logic or strategy yet, but still want to be able to play a board game.  They only need to know their colors and they're set to go.  My grandchildren love playing Candy Land when they come visit.  I just bought one to give as a Christmas gift for two younger grandchildren, so they can play it at home, too.  It's definitely a hit in our family.
There are swap cards, allowing you to swap a card with another player, so paying attention is important.
4282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	another fluxx game to play. cards are colorful. slow start, when you learn how to play, it gets easier and more fun.

7868	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another childhood favorite.
1312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ihad my doubts at first.  Let's face it, when someone says "Let's play monopoly," the first thing you think of is Oh no! a long boring game.  Well, that was my first impression when my husband suggested buying the game.  Totally changed my mind from the very first time we played the game.  We have family night and couples night with this game.  It is fun and worth the investment.  I know it's a little on the higher end of cost but it is lots of fun.

5722	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Colorful characters, a bit of "cut throat" and a few silly cards can create lots of fun. Out of all the Fluxx games, Pirate Fluxx is our second favorite. Zombie Fluxx is our #1 so far. Original Fluxx is the easiest to learn and "kindest" to newbies, so I'd start with that one, regardless.
7991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with this classic game!  Fun for both children and adults!  Who doesn't love the anticipation of possibly getting shocked...especially when you know it doesn't hurt?!
My eight year old was able to persist independently to challenge 18 (out of 80) parking scenarios.  Then as the complexity increased, frustration emerged and he decided to hold off till another day.  The following day, he discovered the fail safe solving instructions in the back to which he referred as the "clues" and completed number 80.  I laughed and said he cheated, to which he replied "No I didn't, I just followed the directions."  Ya, got me there kid.
1278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was our first Euro-style board game.  We bought the board game after getting it for the iPad.  Love that it is so easy to learn, so you can jump right in, and it has great replay value.  My 6-1/2-year-old plays it regularly with no problems.
I think this is a game we'll come back to time and again. If you are questioning as to whether or not to buy it go ahead you'll not be sorry.
This game is Geek Approved!
46	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My Grandson adores robots, I think Buzz Lightyear started it all ;-)

7707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love playing with this along with the Melissa & Doug grocery store/lemonade stand.  Would highly recommend both the this as well as the stand. Coins may be a problem with little ones.

2708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't get my kids to stop playing!  We love this and will be buying more BrainBoxes soon.  If your child can read they can play I wouldn't say 8 and up is accurate.
3715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic one on one game
654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good questions

There's a section on the cast of the published stories to date (I believe there were ten books in the series at the time Our World was being compiled). This is where you'll find Marcone, Murphy and Fix.


9229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful addition to my grandson's Brio collection.  His imagination runs wild with his train set.
4149	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game feels somewhat interchangeable with other recent games and somewhat superfluous as a result, however the gameplay will be familiar to those fans of fantasy card/strategy games and will be especially fun for big time GOT fans. As fans of RPG/fantasy/strategy card games and GOT ourselves, we are happy to add it to our collection, despite the fact that I don't think it will win any awards.
2770	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice puppet. Would be better if all buttons were detachable. Only 2nd button from the top "pops" off. OCD preschoolers had issues with this, as all four buttons pop off in the story.

-The Chief Scientist, who researches new technology to help all of the other players.
3052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
3110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty little toy, my daughter loves it!  There is another one that is a tad more expensive with the same color scheme.  I'd suggest pinching the penny's and getting this one.  The kids can't tell the difference and will love it!
It is quite fun and very entertaining.
801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game out there right note
2160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a great game....got introduced to it from a friend...so I broke down and got this set.  you cant go wrong with a game allowing you to pick a character after a dungeon delve with other adventurers
2825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looks very similar to Llama in the books. A little goofy looking but toddler doesn't care. Llama's doll isn't sewn on very well.
5856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great detailed color by numbers
TTR is fun to play and easy to learn (in fact, the USA version is the simplest of the TTR franchise). The 1910 expansion is a must (updates some old components, and adds some new ones that are really worthwhile). The luck component is based on the train cards and destination tickets you randomly draw. The strategy component is based on what routes you try to complete, some of the card choices you make (they do not always have to be random), etc.
8741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my 6 year old daughter and she loves it, one of the plastic blue pieces fell off, but I am sure I can fix it!  Everyone loves playing with this, kids and adults!
5642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a love or hate game, I happen to love it and I take it with me every where.  We play it at restaurants and always get people asking about it.  Every card is a Star Trek/ Star Wars/ Dr Who/ Firefly/ every sci-fi on earth reference.  If you like sci-fi get this Fluxx.
It's by far the BEST gift. The kids don't fight over it, no one gets hurt, it doesn't break, it's SO cool ! It folds in no time and folds so small, it doesn't take up any room. BUY THIS!!!
2341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is like twister in a way -- the mat has the letters (in alphabetical order) around the outside, and the object is for the child to put different body parts on the right letters (selected from the "tornado" spinner).  There are 5 letters or free spaces each time -- feet, hands, and ear.  It doesn't specify which hand, which is good.  The kids will be twisted up trying to get their ear on the "m" and hands on the "a" and "b"!  Mat is a thick, sturdy plastic, adults and children have played on it with no issues.

I gathered some flowers, and made the sugar water for them, and they did seem to eat....
8021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had this game as a child, bought it for my 8 year old son for Christmas.  He, his sisters, cousins and friends love playing this game!!
7562	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my grandchildren.  They have enjoyed it!
5203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent gift! When opened there was an odd smell to the box and game, almost minty... I believe it's just from the materials.

7065	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This product did not ring or make any sounds. I returned this item.
3866	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Strictly a support ship, no offensive capabilities! But field some good ships along side and it can bring some hurt to the opposition.
I would recommend this age group to really be children 2-4 years, only because the kids need you to move them, until around 2 years old.  Educational value - I guess I gave it credit for just learning how to move your legs to move forward and backward.
The awesomeness is that it is highly interesting to a wide age range, and can be adapted.  For instance, the younger kids (preschool to 1st grade) can have fun just putting the pieces in to match the puzzle cards.  The older kids love trying to figure the puzzles out - and when they can't, it becomes a following directions exercise!!  Even giving the directions is problem solving, because they are coded:  "QD2" means they move the car labelled Q down 2 spaces.
7143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it as a kid; my grandkids love it too!


*The box also says for ages 8 and up. All of us were 50-plus, but this could also be a fun family game for Mom and Dad and the kids. It's easy, fun, and most of all entertaining.
Bananagrams - it's like a personal game of scrabble, where you make your own scrabble board using the letters you draw. The idea is to finish your board before anyone else finished theirs. It's very addicting! We stay up late into the night once we get started with this game.

5226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the whole Family.
3364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The expansion is a nice addition to the game.

There is a wide range of difficulties so that everyone in the family, except the very youngest, can try their hand at it.
2085	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandchildren love this story and looked to see where the would appear every morning.  It is sure to be a Christmas tradition for them.
5896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lets start by saying this game is really fun and easy to learn. Ever since I have received it we have played this game over 5 times, it always changes when you get the different heros.  You can randomly choose a hero or just look through the hero cards and pick one that way.  There are 7 white dice and 7 black dice.  The white dice are for the heros and the black are for the monsters.  The first player who is going to be the adventurer rolls the 7 white dice, and the player to their left rolls 1 black die and that is because you start on level 1. As the adventurer moves on to the next levels that is when you can start adding more dice.  Now if a dragon is rolled that die is set aside in the Dragon's Lair, and the adventurer can't fight the dragon until there are at least 3 dragon's in the dragon's lair.  To do the actions you must first fight the monsters, then the treasure or deal with the potion and then if there are 3 dragon's in the dragon's lair, then fight the dragon.  Now you need to be careful on which of your fellow companions you choose to use, because in order to fight the dragon you must use 3 different companions unless you have a specialty saying otherwise.

7012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My child love this toy and wants to play with it every day! It's a great way to learn about money and math!
5340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is not an average mind numbing game. There is stratagy and thinking envolved, be we love it. Our 6 year old struggles getting through it, but it stretches him every time he plays.
(5) R5-P9, a pretty nice 3 point astromech upgrade that lets you spend an unused token to recover 1 shield at the end of the combat phase.
5) For kids, it is a much better teaching tool.  It can still teach addition/subtraction just as well, only now it can teach multiplication ("I'm selling 5 shares for 300 a share, how much is that?"), and chance in investments (every investment isn't always a good one).
Pathfinder: A set of 7 red dice, the above six and one 00-90 ten sided die for easy percentage roles.
4495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple and fun game. Doesn't take long to play...perfect for small parties. Not the best with word games, but banana grams I can handle :)
275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great tile set! I use them a lot in my games. Many pieces with endless dungeon making possibilities. You do wanna make sure to have a non slick surface under the tiles or them will move around. I flip one of my rubber game mats over and it works. Some times ill but a clear plastic board on top to hold everything in place. That's mainly if its a large dungeon and I want to have it all ready to go before my group comes over.
8224	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this on a whim, after I was only able to find the junky new version in stores. This is the one we had as kids! Love I!
Once people get the hang of this game, it works. It's simple to pick up, though impossible to master. Anyone can win, either through smart play or dumb luck. And if you know what "Nudge, Nudge, Wink, Wink!" means, you'll eat this game up.
5468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Scene it and Twilight you can't go wrong here!  This has the first three movies combined in it with the classic scene it game style.  Me and my sisters and girlfriends love it!
Predictable.  Not fun.  It attempts to be a fast setup table top game but feels as a meshed together mess of crap.  Often times I thought "this seems like d&d battle....  Just kidding".  We never played it again after one play through.
4954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product, simple transaction and super high quality
3072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great seller excellent item. Will be buying another one for grandsons 9th birthday in March.  Exceeded my expectations.

2354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful cards to keep as a set to play card games with  or use in crafting.
Game component issues aside, this is a very fun yet simple game to play for the entire family.
8007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	She first saw this at her preschool and wanted one for herself at home.  She uses it a lot in her dramatic play.  It is well constructed and the money is helpful in teaching her about currency.

164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Even though my grandson is not ready to learn the alphabet, he loved moving them around on the fridge.  Someday soon that familiarity with the shapes will help him learn his letter names more quickly.
4295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First started playing this game with grandkids nearly 10 years ago - such a great vocabulary builder & spelling tool - very fun even for beginning readers!  Now more of our grandkids are having fun while they don't even realize they're learning. Great game
513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A FUN CARD GAME FOR KIDS AND ADULTS.
4545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game for the whole family. It can be modified for younger kids and beginning readers. My 5 year old still needs a lot of help but for my 8 year old this is perfect. And it's compact and easy for travel.


3) Chinese Checkers: The holes are not set deep enough into the board; therefore, the pathetic little lightweight plastic "balls" proceed to roll annoyingly to the four corners of the Earth every time someone even minimally touches the playing table, board, or any marble on the board. In fact, if anyone even closes a door in the house, turns on the radio, or a car backfires in the street, all of the pathetic little lightweight plastic "balls" on the board WILL indeed roll annoyingly to the four corners of the Earth.
1797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This came in a nice case and was well made. My kids love the tradition and the book is beautiful.
The bell is superfluous.  But fun to ring!
5661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game uses the original Fluxx rules, and thrusts them squarely into a Lovecraft theme. The game play is relatively straightforward: (1) collect "keeper" cards in front of you while avoiding zombie cards, (2) play "global" cards that change the rules of the game, (3) attempt to collect the right combination of "keeper" cards to satisfy the ever-changing goal conditions.
9816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The most loved toy we own who would have guessed.
7356	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have zero idea how to play this game (that, or my son keeps changing the rules), but my six year old loves this game! Cards are durable. Wish the case was more durable, but a rubber band will do.
Contains all info you could ever want on Hardness of items, Character conditions, Skill check dc's and MORE!
4898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my son's 5th birthday, I think--or maybe it was for Christmas shortly thereafter. He's quite an advanced kid but has trouble finding things. That's why I got this--to help him learn to search. It was a bit too much at first (which I expected). But once he got the hang of searching, he loved it!
(4) R4-D6, a unique 1 point astromech upgrade that reads, "When you are hit by an attack and there are at least 3 uncanceled REGULAR HIT results, you may choose and cancel those results until there are 2 remaining. For each result canceled in this way, receive 1 stress token.

9013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves this game.  Thank you.
8708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandkids love these, especially the younger ones because they can catch them easily when they are thrown to them.

6153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great, very good flyer.
2596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are actually using these for our elementary homeschool Art class when I teach about mosaics/tesselations in Islamic Art.  I know the kids will enjoy using the extras for other craft projects.
2041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love their elf "Chippey". Every morning from after thsnkgiving to Christmas eve they wake up and the first thing they do is run to try and find where he is hiding. I think it is a nice, fun family tradition.
This version of Fluxx is my favorite.  It is more complex - the first time through, it takes forever to read each of the cards and understand the implications.  To resolve this, make sure you have time to play at least three rounds the first time you sit down with the game.

2000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not only is this the only thing that my son wanted for his June birthday it arrived early and he is calling it his best gift.  Thank you for the great packaging in perfect condition and the early arrival.
8809	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 18 month old and 3 yr old girls got this for Christmas.  My 18 month old absolutely loves it, loves it, LOVES it!  My 3 year old enjoys playing in it with her sister, not sure it would have the same draw for her by herself especially with all the other new Christmas toys around but she still likes it.  Only had a few days so far, but think this is a great gift.
2486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Tile lock is actually really annoying unless you are playing in a car. It makes cleanup harder because the pieces stick to the board, so when you turn it upright to have them fall, they stay on and eventually can fall pretty far away from the board. I wish I had just bought the classic board so they could slide off easily at the end of a game.


3649	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This dice bag was actually very disappointing. It looks very nice, but it doesn't hold up under wear and tear. The felt started falling off within weeks, the silver press on sword peeled off and within two months, I had to find a new dice bag solution.
 There are many ways to score knowledge points in this game, and whoever has the most at the end wins.  If you want a game that makes you think and come up with strategies to outscore your opponents, this game is great.
- What Belongs Together 2
1774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So excited to start some new family traditions
5777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This would be a good purchase for someone who is beginning to learn Spanish. The vocabulary is pretty basic. The pictures are nice. The corners are curved on one edge in order to sort these cards easily.
I highly recommend this game as a gift for someone else or even yourself.  You won't regret it!
Hoping to order more caterpillars again in the future!
3714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantasy Flight Games have gradually been releasing card games that follow a concept they call Living Card Game (LCG). This is opposed to the more common Collectible Card Game (CCG), of which Magic: The Gathering is the best known example. Android: Netrunner is an example of a LCG. The advantage of LCG's over CCG's is that there's no need to invest a lot of money to get a good deck. The basic set is highly competitive, and there's no randomization in expansion packs. This review is for the basic Android: Netrunner set.


9809	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very educational and fun for my son who is preschool age. We were lucky enough to have all caterpillars come alive and survive all the way through. They started off super tiny and grew into huge fuzzy caterpillars before cocooning and emerging as beautiful butterflies. My son loved to feed them with the pipette and watch them move around until they could flutter. On his 4th Birthday, a week or so after they all emerged, we were able to release them with his friends and family. We did have one whose wings were busted, so we left him on a flower petal by the door.
5566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Any of these flux games are awesome!
9800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to help my grandchildren learn to multiply better.  I hope it works.  It will if they actually use it.  It shows a problem and when you press the key it will give you the answer.  The idea is to guess the answer before you push the button.  I'm crossing my fingers that it will help and that they will have fun using it.
-true beginner's box-if you're a veteran and want it only for the taste of the game rules and settings, go right ahead but there is very little room for character customization.  On the other hand, the story arc is plenty interesting and I could see it being re-used by experienced GM's for any starting character not just the pregenerated ones
4148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	There's a lot of different cards/play-styles in the box. It's a bit difficult to learn if you're unfamiliar with similar games. But, if you like games with plenty of complexity and choices, it may be for you. In the few games of 2-player "joust" I've played, it seems like once one player gets an advantage, it's very difficult for the other player to recover. This might just be because I haven't enough experience to learn how to recover, not sure. Either way, it's fun. And new cards to be released may fix this if it's indeed an issue.
7584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as much fun as I remembered, but updated with more modern graphic designs. The game itself is still 100% exactly the same, it just has been updated to appeal to the younger generation.
9959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So excited for my grand daughter to use.  It's great
7450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I grew up playing and loving this game and couldn't wait to share that with my daughter. Now, she loves it just as much as I do.
All parts of this game are plastic - which with kids is kind of nice - I can wash them!  But I do kind of miss those wooden letters - but maybe I'm just old school.

8819	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just received this drum, its so awesome! Its beautiful and the sound and quality is beautiful!!! Im using this in my Daycare music and it is truly wonderful!
After the Dragon Phase comes the Regroup phase.  Players can now determine if they want to leave the dungeon and receive experience points equal to the number shown on the dungeon level tracker or continue to go down to the next level (although 10 is the maximum and you are required to leave after defeating level 10).  If at any time you can't defeat the monsters or you are faced with a dragon that you can't defeat, you must end your delve that round without scoring any of the experience points on the die.
They are a lot of fun. My kids were 7 and 11 when we first purchased these - fun for all ages! And the price is quite reasonable!
Nice construction. I imagine that I could have entertained myself for hours as a child with these (pre-NES). Uniform shaped pieces with a variety of bold and simple decorations to make patterns (nobody to play with).
4520	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves this game. Every person we have introduced it to has gone out and purchased it a few days after leaving our house! It's fun for two players, and even more fun with friends.
Dungeon Roll is definitely not your typical dice game.  If you are expecting the roll your dice three times routine, think again!  One of the things that I really enjoy about Dungeon Roll is how unique and different the game feels.  You should already get that feeling just from the actual packaging of the game.  I mean, the game comes in a little cardboard treasure chest and not only that but during the game when you gain treasure you actually open the chest to randomly get a piece of treasure - how cool is that.  The theme is nice, the variability is great, and the quality of components awesome.  The game is very light, easy to learn and doesn't take long to play.  There are dice involved and the game does have a large luck element to it.  So, for all the hard core strategists that can't stand games with luck, this may not be the game for you.  The game has a great variability built in with the different hero cards which really shape what kind of strategy you will play each game.  In this base game, there really isn't any player interaction, so while the game makes for great solo play and is enjoyable, don't expect to work together or attack one another in this game (although this may change with future expansions/promos, as the soon to be released Winter Promo has some fun player interaction).  Well, enough chit chat, let's talk about the game in a little bit more detail.
4892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this is a really fun family game


8728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9-year old son uses this for breathing exercises that he learned in yoga class.  It's been helpful to have at home.

3235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to play along with their game at a friends game night. It's great, and I'm considering buying the game itself to play with my family's game night.

First, the thin page problem mentioned by many reviewers in the first volume is fixed in this one. Pages are substantially thicker - although that leads to fewer total tips. However the quality of the tips is as good - if not better - than the original. Same silly jokes, fun but young "tricks" and an abundance of totally meaningless activiites sure to delight everyone.
7534	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	classic board game that's fun for the whole family
great family game. everyone loves it... of ALL ages.
1642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A++

116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really better than expected!  Thank you so much for your speedy professional service

5934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really like this game! I was just trying to build up my game collection a little bit after discovering boardgamegeek.com and the world of board games that are actually interesting for adults. I play this with my wife and as far as thinking games go, this is one of her favorites (I think). It offers plenty of decision-making for a lighter/moderate game. I take longer on my turns though because I'm that guy who tries to optimize every move. I can't help it! It just feels right to make the best decision. I think I'm getting way too personal in this review.

6284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	it's very cute and stands just a bit taller than the average pokedoll. mine came with a few frayed looking threads in one eye but i think it can be fixed easily. she did not come with a tag so my assumption is that she is a factory reject but she's still a very cute and nice doll!

 - The characters have no special abilities on their cards and every one of them are flat and lifeless. The game maker should of used colored cubes and numbers in place of players names because that is the level of character painted on theme here.
If you need to adjust the difficulty, you could level the playing field: limit stronger players to longer words, or give the weaker players a little extra time at the start of the game.
1781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family had a lot of fun with this. We got a lot of ideas for jokes from Pinterest. Apparently there are entire online communities devoted to using this toy for practical jokes.


1155	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  I've heard about this game for several years and finally had the opportunity to play with some friends.  I had to buy my own.  The difficult part was to choose which country to purchase.
5556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the original Fluxx game and I love the Wizard of Oz, so this was a natural next purchase.

1652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a HUGE hit in my house! Too bad I never heard of this years ago! .It does get difficult though trying to figure put new original ways to hide and get him into mischief. Fun though

It is 6 Feet long, the picture on this site shows two tunnels locked together - take the picture, divide it by two, and that is the product you are purchasing
834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game, Android execution is excellent
I recommend this to anyone who has ever been curious about CCGs like Magic but balked at the price tag. I also recommend this to recovering Magic junkies. Trust me - this will scratch the itch without putting the same sort of dent in your wallet.


9678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old son plays with this all the time and sometimes he doesn't even bother to connect it to the other tracks. He loves playing with his cars back and forth over this crossing
843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My whole family loves this game. You won't be disappointed. Fun and entertaining every time we play.
2914	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Absolutely isn't waterproof. It now doesnt always turn on. I literally just got it. Perhaps I got a defective one, but just an FYI.
8344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The classic game to play on rainy days.
8564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	wonderful game~~in family games....it is very fun and easy
6523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game for kids
8773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for a kid that reads but a bit more difficult for K-1st graders.  Works great for the younger kids if an adult or older sibling can help in between quizzes and to get it started. The screen can be hard to see but its nice to have a dedicated math game that can't be switched out to angry birds :). I know my son is practicing if he has this in hand.  Wish they would fix the screen or allow for voice prompting, but it does exactly what it says in the description-quizzes math facts.
138	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a bit smaller than I'd like. It's about the size of a beanie baby but not as floppy. My daughter loves it and it seems to be holding up well.
The best thing about this game is because the goal can change and discarded cards can come back into play nobody is every out of contention to win the game.
If you've got time, patience and determination to see it through, you'll have fun.
5079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased
 -- Technical Problems with the Game --
8151	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	They forgot a piece when designing this. It won't work without it.
2580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased a bunch of items so that our daughter has some things to do while in the hospital after surgery. Came very well packaged and nothing was bent! Love it!!
7557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love it
5804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a book with dots of different places around the world that you line up the dots to put together, it is challenging and fun at the same time.

3442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Klutz puts out a great product for all beginners as well as Kidz.  The how-to's are instructional and simple enough to get all ages started and interested in Painting Faces.  If you have a little talent for drawing, and like to see your friends faces light up, this is a great ice breaker for friendly gatherings.  It doesn't stop there.  This is also a stepping stone to much more. Painting on Skin is different that anything else you may ever do.  From years of drawing and painting, there are two things you must do.  1. Keep your lines clean and simple.  2. Practice, Practice, Practice!  Happy Face Painting!  Miki
8098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	i bought this toy for my 3 1/2 year old son and he loves it.  He thinks he is playing but he is also learning math and about money.  I had to take away the change, since we have also have a small one in the house, but the paper money is just as fun to play with.  The only thing that I would change is the paper money.  I wish it was laminated so that our younger son couldn't rip it or crinkle it up. My younger son crinkled up the money and when my older son put it in the register it got stuck behind the drawer and we had to take it apart to get the money so the drawer would shut. other than that, it is huge fun in our house.

9832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	a little hard to open for adults and little people
3903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wiz-War is fast-paced, chaotic, and ultimately a lot of fun.  Playing with four people is great, since it just adds to the chaos factor (something I quite enjoy).
5767	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love flash cards ...Builds there memory faster

[...]
------
4927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is quite a fun game and can be played with a number of players, including young ones that don't know how to read.  It's also fun (and even quite intense) when played only with adults.  Excellent component quality.  This game is a winner.
5308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a REALLY fun game. It's fairly easy to understand, and great to play with the whole fam (up to 6 players/teams, i think). Really flexes your brain, but in a fun way that won't make anyone feel dumb (like Trivial Pursuit sometimes can!)

4780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved how much my son was able to learn about the human body and how actually enjoyed learning the information. I think the squishy-ness of the parts makes it that much more realistic. I did have minor problems fitting it back in once you try to close the body, but its not enough for a cause of concern. Overall I think the concept was great and very useful.
There are a few things that make it tough to get into the game.  The rules are daunting.  Its asymmetrical which means you are learning two sets of rules and not one.  Also they recommend you play as the Jinteki and Shaper factions to start.  The Shaper is ok (although some might find the core set version boring) but the Jinteki is pretty terrible and hard to win with.  Honestly the game is easier to learn if you have someone teaching you.  Also, I know it seems like the runners game is more straightforward and easier to learn with, but there are a lot of variables the runner doesnt know which makes playing the corp easier early on in my opinion.
Five Things I Like
Based on what I've read about this game on Amazon and BoardGameGeek this one seemed like a real contender.  And, there were many things we liked about this game.  We liked the theme -- you really feel like you are going on a journey (and that you got to play familiar characters and see lots of familiar faces and places along the way), the fact that it is cooperative, and the fact that we hadn't played anything quite like it before. And, I know lots of other people enjoy the game, and I by no means mean any disrespect to them by giving it a two star rating.
123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As described, very colorful. My kids like.

2138	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	When I broke out Party Gras for the first time, it seemed like it could be a fun addition to a party.  Just as quickly, people didn't care about the game and it broke up the flow.
I read in another review that this game was introduced in 1904.  Obviously, this is a game that has staying power!  Isn't it great that even with modern technology which allowed me to purchase this game online, we can enjoy games that were invented decades ago!
6891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We bought this to keep our grandkids entertained at our lakehouse on days we couldn't be outside.  Our five year old granddaughter was not interested but our seven year old grandson was hooked.  He played for long stretches and advanced through the "levels" quickly.  The adults like it too and grabbed it everytime he walked away.
6131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For the size and price, this is FANTASTIC.  Incredibly detailed and accurate with numerous decals and a great paint/camo scheme.  Comes with 4 AIM120s on the bottom and 2 fuel tanks, but curiously no AIM9 sidewinders.  The model is heavy and feels like majority metal construction.

4653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 6-year-old. She loved it!! Easy to assemble, interesting book. I just wished they would used a healthier food as an example.
1445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of our favorite games to play! Add on the expansions and you are guaranteed hours of fun!
7650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got his for my son when he was about two and a half. He loves playing with money. I wanted a basic cash register. Something that looked real, with real size coins. He doesn't play with this every day because I hide it since it makes such a mess! But he loves being the cashier and making me "purchase" food from his store. When you push the button to open the drawer the can coins fly out, so you have to watch out for rogue coins launching under the couch. i took the note pad away, because my toddler isn't accurate enough to simply "write" on the notepad and not on part of the cash register. The number buttons are a glorified calculator. My son is too young to utilize that feature, besides being able to push the numbers and hear the little beep they make. This is a great toy for a child who is interested in money, and buttons and a credit card.
2072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The elf on the shelf is a super cute idea but be aware it does take work!  My 8 year old and 4 year old understand the story and are very excited every morning to see where the elf ends up.  My older daughter has asked those questions you would expect. The only thing I don't like is for the kids on the fence (believe or not believe) I think that this could give some more doubt.  Probably better for ages 3-6 years. I do wish I would have got it when they were younger.
I also dislike how sometimes you can have a game that lasts less then 10 minutes.

855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun game! My family plays this game quite often (children ages 8 & 11). Gameplay is pretty simple, yet there is fair amount of strategy that can be used. The game board and pieces are all nicely made and fit well into the box when being stored. Would be a great addition to family game night!

9802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this and the kids had a great time. These little guys love watermelon when they first hatch. All of them survived.
4006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought these bc we were going to have a lot of people playing with us. It arrived quickly and we have no complaints about the purchase.
607	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	eh.....
4472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift. They loved to play the game!
Like probably millions of other aging geeks, I have fond memories of loooong nights at the game table with friends in high school and college, roleplaying until our eyes bled. But now I have a real job and a family and I'd be lucky to get a group together monthly for half an evening. So I was pretty excited when I saw Wrath of Ashardalon, because I was hoping that it would deliver the sugar high of a good dungeon crawl without the prep work or running time of the RPGs I used to play.


2907	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first bought the book and then found this animal that went along it.  It is soooo cute and soft
3846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The recipient is a fan of Daenerys and Game of Thrones, and enjoys this figure prominently in their collection of favorite things.  The face is not as represented but as the recipient has not quibbled, how can I be any less satisfied than that.


1903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	elf!!!! what else can I say??? FUN!
I find the pieces to be quite sturdy and now that we own the game, I have to wonder whether it has been improved in some way since the other negative reviews were written. I think it stays together really well. And although I really enjoy setting it up and playing by the game rules, if you are in a hurry and don't want to play by the rules you can set it up in about 5 minutes.

9266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Little boy loved the extra pieces
7851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love to give old fashion toys and this was a gift for our 18 month old grand son. He and I had great fun building up the blocks and then he would knock them down and laugh!
7943	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my five-year-old son to help prepare him for Kindergarten. We have so much fun playing store with it and at the same time he has learned how to identify all of the coins and paper play money that comes with it. He is learning how to count in increments too. I'm thrilled. As he gets older I'm planning on using it to teach him how to count back change and do more advanced/complicated increment counting.
Especially their face painting color pallet is just great and quality is so perfect.
Players have four face-down cards in front of them.  They are initially allowed to peak at two and may or may not be able to take others.  Players take turns drawing cards from a draw pile or discard pile and can use their draw to replace one of their four face-down cards to create the hand with the lowest points.  Each card ranges in value from 0 (the top cat) to 9 (the dirtiest rat).  When a player believes they have the lowest point value, they call out rat-a-tat-cat and the other players each get one more turn each before the reveal.
8434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I rated this game for my 4.5 years old son. He loves this game because he loves to wind the crane to trap the mouse at the last part of the game. Building the whole mouse trap is fine during the whole game not much exciting.

8718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old and 6 year old love this as a fidget and play with this a lot.
3605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This one looks really cute in actual. My husband loves it. Great buy.
3740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Expensive for what you get but love the system

Game-play is smooth and flows quickly, with very little down-time, and the varied actions, roles, and cards enable players to pursue multiple strategies on the road to success. The exploration of these different strategies rewards repeated play and enhances replayability, although a small minority of critics would beg to disagree.  Interaction is primarily through the subtlety of the role-selection mechanic, and while some consider this somewhat multi-player solitaire, it is present. The space theme is welcome and much appreciated by many gamers, and the matching art is also generally received very positively, and enhances the theme.  While Eminent Domain has been the subject of lukewarm reactions from some, overall it's a game that has received rave praise.
2756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This stuffed cat is great for kids.  I've given this cat and books to numerous kids for gifts.  It always is loved and is a great companion to Pete The Cat books.
4318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	as advertised, satisfied buyer

4768	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	There are a couple of PROs 1.  My 6y/o grandson recognized all of the hard and 'squishy parts (diaphragm threw him).  2.  "It kinda looks cool" when we had it completed.  NOW the CONs.  1.  Holes for large pieces do not align well and when finally in, release really easily (In fact, the bony foot will not remain in hole when "body is placed on stand).  2.  The "squishy organs" stick to everything (except the model) they touch and collect fibers, hairs, dust, etc.  It literally requires a 'dust cover' as soon as the 'organ bag' is opened.  3.  When the feet are put in the stand, the head separates (the clip on top does not snap tightly).  4.  The educational pizza trip stops at the upper small intestines (grandson was waiting on the 'poop).

8683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The  kids love it!
3) This game may take up to an hour to play, though quicker play by experienced players can cut that time in half.
6552	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I really like this game. Its a great way to teach logic.  This version of Mastermind could be much improved.  The tray is not large enough to store all of the pegs.  The piece that covers the secret code is just in the way.  The tiny red and white pieces that you use to signal whether the player has guessed the correct color or placement of the pegs must be placed into tiny holes in a strange square configuration.  My elderly dad has trouble getting those pieces into the holes due to his eyesight.  I can think of a much better way to design this game.
5467	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and her friends play this, but of course, they have seen all the movies and read all the books. I don't think I could get an answer correct to save my life! Lots of fun for the teenagers!


6628	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids and wife all love this game.  We had a more simple "kids" version of the game but it was getting too easy for my 7 and 10 year old (and my wife ;)...they all immediately loved this full version of the game and have played it several times in the first week we have had it.
1739	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 6 yr old truly believes  ahhh to be young and believe in magic
9142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market. These pieces are a must for extending your existing train set. My 5 year old loves having these extra pieces to create with.
7876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am always seeking toys that encourage imaginative play with more than one child.  This has been one of the best toys we own for several reasons.  First, my two children, ages 2 and 5, can find a middle ground with this and have a blast together!  With no fighting!  They will spend over an hour simply play shopping games which leads into more thoughtful games.  Second, it is a great tool to teach about money.  Not just how to use money, but some of the deeper lessons of money.  It may sound silly, but, every day I ask my son "What would you do with all your money?"  The answer has changed from "Buying every toy on Earth" to more thoughtful statements of possibly helping someone.  Finally, I also appreciate that it's solar powered despite being plastic junk.  It is durable and all around a great item.

9347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice little drum.  My kids like it but they are still pretty young.  I think as they get older they will use and love it even more.  Nice looking, well made, great fun sound.  I would buy this again.  My boys received this as a gift last Christmas they were less than 1 yr and 3 1/2 yrs at the time.
That said, the X-Wing expansion adds two unique pilots that are NOT included in the core set. Pilots include Wedge Antillies (unique) and Garven Dreis (unique). It also includes two generic pilots that come with the core set.
9034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game. Easy to play.

8343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The game is great once you figure out how it goes together. Kids love it. I would recommend putting it together completely before playing it by the actual rules. It takes some patience and practice to get it all just right so that it all works correctly.
The game play: Awesome. We played with 4 players and we enjoyed it. The only problem is that a player (greyjoy) won the game without a single combat in 4 rounds. It feels like there should be at least 5 players to make it more balanced. We had exactly one combat between Stark and Baratheon and we totally enjoyed it. We wish there were more combats.
In this game players are competing rail barons in the year 1900.  At the start of the game each player draws three destination cards that indicate the beginning and ending cities of a RR line (e.g., Denver to New Orleans).  Players choose to keep at least two of those destination cards and they collect colored RR car cards that they can trade in to claim segments of RR lines needed to connect cities on their destination cards.  Players earn points for each RR segment they complete, for completion of the RR indicated on destination cards, and for completing the longest continuous RR line.

At first glance the rules might seem a bit vague, but through a few rounds, it will in-fact make sense.  I usually guide new comers through 1 or 2 games open handed and explain all the options.  Everyone seems to pick it up by game 2 or 3 and never look back.  You basically have 3 actions to choose from per hand/round after laying your tableau: 1) Buy a card from the supply, 2) Flip a card from your discards to upgrade a building or slow an opponent, 3) Develop a card (both Buy *and* Flip 1 card from the supply if you have the $$), then the next player starts their round.  Very simple once you get the hang.  For those that still seem puzzled, there are plenty of 'How To Play' videos on YouTube, and once you see those you'll smack your head wondering why you were over-thinking things.
407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves playing with this!!
my son believes he's real, but it didn't stop him from being bad!
3057	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This printer paper is very good quality! It comes in many colors and prints are smudge free! Thanks for a wonderful paper!
The main types of cards you will see are 1. Action, which is something you must do immediately; 2. Artifact, which is something you can collect to help you win; 3. Timewarp, which lets you bend time momentarily for your benefit, and 4. Inverter, which lets you flip Purple cards on the Timeline above.

6274	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	poorly made, and obviously bootleg, it had 3 long white strings coming out of its neck. not to mention the ears and tail are only made from a single piece of fabric. I wish I could get my money back on this.

3530	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Do you have a kid who likes owls and squares/rectangles? They will love these stickers. If America was ruled by our toddler, these would probably be our national currency.
9297	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This set of doll house furniture from Plan Toys is simply lovely. The set includes the bunk bed with mattresses and pillows along with the desk, stool and a toy box. It also comes with a ladder that is not attached to the bed and the toy box opens and closes.
1342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've been playing this game with friends of ours for a long time.  Got it for my wife as a Christmas gift and we've played it at least once a week since either with each other or with friends.  Fairly easy to learn and play, helps with thinking out strategies and plotting.  If you're looking for a game the whole family can enjoy, even younger kids, this is a great one.
Note: The tiles are surrounded by four pegs, not locked in so if the board gets slammed or flipped over, the game state will be lost, but the occasional accidental bump will not affect it.
2135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved this game.  We played it at a summer gathering with lots of people who did not know each other. This game really got the party going- and provided a fun and relaxed way of getting people talking, laughing and mingling. The instructions were easy and game play simple. We played at the beginning of the party, and it helped the 25 people who attended get into the party spirit.
8529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product
I'm happy we went with the deluxe version for double-the $8 price of the standard, as everyone wants to ring the bell.
871	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like this game, it takes some strategy to win, but it's also simple enough for younger players to get the hang of.
3119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Tim Holtz hardware findings die by Sizzix is the kind of die that you'll keep on thinking of multiple ways to use it.  You can use it to cut prints from a variety of materials, or use it to cut grungeboard to finish in any way you want.  The 3 elements in the die are spaced just right, so that you can isolate the piece(s) you want to cut.  In addition, Sizzix dies are very well constructed, and they last for a long time.  I highly recommend this die.
6797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a great "game" especially if you want to play alone.  Makes you think!
I had fun playing with this while "helping".

 - It appears that a ratio of 1-in-5 item cards actually help negate the run-away-player problem (and some item cards really are useless)... but unless you get those cards, your screwed.

8184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game!
1 Proximity Mines and 1 Seismic Charges cards;
2029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received my package right away in great shape.  The book is adorable and loved by my son.  He is only 3, so this was the first time we used our "elf."  He got into it right away, and I know next year will be even better.  My husband even emjoyed finding new spot for our little visitor.


Then there is the 'Danger Die'.  This is what Wil Wheaton called it in his review and I like the name, but lets face it  it isn't that dangerous.  Any time a car ends its movement next to another car, there is a risk of collision.  The player must roll the d20 Danger Die, and if they roll a 1, there is a collision and take damage.  Thats a 5% chance of collision, so happens rarely.  When it does occur it causes 1 body damage, which is not that big a deal
3280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game. Takes a while to get used to it. But so much fun :)
3801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game.  I've been playing it whenever possible.  The depth this game goes into is very unique, especially given the fact that you have a runner and a corporation, each with different styles of gameplay, different tactics, with only one common goal, getting agenda points.  I'm really looking forward to getting some of the expansions to see hour each faction grows.
The gameplay is straightforward. The balance shifts from strategy toward luck as time progresses, because this game is really about getting the high score and it's better to retire than to die and lose your points. I'd say the RPG elements, while present throughout, are there more for theme - but they definitely enrich the game.
3545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These stickers are a bit smaller than the usual sticker sheets, but the pages are easy to separate (for putting in goody bags) and the colors are very bright.  And the price can't be beat -- even with a witches broom!
2080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love this idea and my 3-year old daughter loves it as well.  My biggest complaint would be that the elf seems to be very cheaply made.  It is hard to get it to sit securely without propping it on something.  For $30 it seems there could be some weight in the elf's bottom or some other aid to help it sit.
8938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	liked
6427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is as close to the "old" version of the Trouble game as you can get by purchasing new.  It is heavier duty than the cheaper version.  The little pegs are fully formed and not just partial making it more fun to play.  It is hard to describe the ways in which this game board feels better than the newer, flimsier one currently for sale at most places.  If you have played trouble with the older version of the game you expect a little bit of substance and weight to the game board.  If that is the case I suggest that you buy this one and not the less expensive one which really has a cheaper fell to it.  This one is nicer and sturdier.  We play this as a family often and the slightly sturdier board just feels better to the touch.
6134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My hubby is into military jets and we ordered a few diecast models for him and this one is really well made with lots of details. The wheels don't roll but otherwise it's a really good collectible. The attached photo shows the substantial size of this model compared with two Maisto models we also bougght:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Maisto-Fresh-Metal-Tailwinds-1-87-Scale-Die-Cast-United-States-Military-Aircraft-U-S-Navy-Supersonic-Carrier-Capable-Fighter-Attack-Jet-Aircraft-F-A-18E-Super-Hornet-with-Display-Stand/dp/B001DIZGQG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Maisto Fresh Metal Tailwinds 1:87 Scale Die Cast United States Military Aircraft - U.S. Navy Supersonic Carrier-Capable Fighter/Attack Jet Aircraft F/A-18E Super Hornet with Display Stand</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Maisto-Fresh-Metal-Tailwinds-1-87-Scale-Die-Cast-United-States-Military-Aircraft-U-S-Navy-Supersonic-Carrier-Capable-Fighter-Attack-Jet-Aircraft-F-A-18E-Super-Hornet-with-Display-Stand/dp/B001DIZGQG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Maisto Fresh Metal Tailwinds 1:87 Scale Die Cast United States Military Aircraft - U.S. Navy Supersonic Carrier-Capable Fighter/Attack Jet Aircraft F/A-18E Super Hornet with Display Stand</a>.  In the picture you can see this is so much bigger!!  The stand is cheaply made and wobbles but the plane model itself is excellent for the size and price.
8880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The name does it justice . Everytime one person plays this in my house everyone else gathers . Fun for toddlers
6618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	grandson loves it
Product arrived quickly and in brand new condition.  Thanks.
1845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	what can you say about elf on self...grandkids love it and the story behind it....thye looked foward ever day trying to find him

9792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 9 month old son when I noticed how much he loved playing with a box another Amazon item came in. As soon as we got it and popped it open, he IMMEDIATELY crawled through it, laughing the whole way! His only issue with it is that he somehow thinks he should be able to poke his head through the mesh "windows" in the tube -- a testament to their durability is that he hasn't yet, in spite of much trying. :) It is an awesome thing to play "peekaboo" in -- he finds it hilarious when I will crawl outside the tube from one end to the other while he sits inside.
9332	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my kids for Xmas.  Lots of fun.  I ordered an extra mallet so all three of them could play it at the same time.  Like the drum, the mallets are also well made.  These come in different sizes, but get the big one.  This isn't a cheap feeling drum.  It's solid.  My toddler even climbs on it.  We play cards on it.  It looks cool hanging on the wall.  I love beating on the the thing.  The sound is deep and rich.  In fact, I play it more than my kids.
3068	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter had been asking for a purple pony for the LONGEST time.  I could not find anything except Minimum, Sofia's horse until I found this.  Some sellers had this one for nearly $50 which is ridiculous...this price was much better.  The horse is very good quality...typical of Barbie things and my daughter is smitten. Cute glitter accents, lovely purple hair.
9232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This track is very well made.  Younger grand kids like to chew on it, but the wood is very well made and would be hard to damage it.  I can't see any reason it won't last for years.  Works perfect with Letter train and Brio trains, easy to connect and disconnect.

5696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You want infinite fun anywhere?

9596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my toddler loves this, her own little hide out.
3724	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	For its $30 price tag, this game felt woefully incomplete, especially compared to other beginner box sets like Pathfinder's.  With its handful of pre-gen characters (no rules to make your own) and just a smattering of NPC baddies to design stories around, there really isn't that much to do with this game.  I honestly think if you're interested in this game then you should just save your money and wait for the full version to come out.  I hate to sound cynical, but it really is obvious between the $30 Beta Rules book, this "sneak peak" of the rules (that most companies would give out for free via .pdf), and then the "real" version coming out next year, that they're just slowly milking eager fans for as much money as possible.  It would be like charging half retail price for a video game to be part of the Beta, then paying half retail price again for the demo, then finally full retail for the actual game when it comes out.  Who would do that?
Mix between Dominos, rummikub, scrabble and sudoku.
4 ships/pilots: Boba Fett, Kath Scarlet, Krassis Trelix and one Bounty Hunter;
9348	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves his music class, esp when the teacher brings out the drums. These bongs are among his favorite, so I bought them for him for Christmas. They are a fine sound for kids--obviously not adult bongo quality, but way better than the plastic drums other companies make for kids. Nice size, too
9001	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I don't understand the negative reviews about this product.  I have ordered three copies of this game and have had each copy come in perfect condition.  The cards are sturdy and I have no problem reading them and feel all of the colors are appropriate and easy to see. None of my cards were printed upside down and the cards feel like typical cards, if not slightly better than normal. The cards have a smooth finish.  If you are a fan of the game Rook, or any of the fun games that exist that require a Rook deck to play, I would not hesitate purchasing this deck.  It is a reasonable deal, includes a card tray, and also includes a booklet and score pad.

593	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quiddler is like scrabble with cards. educationally fun for the whole family as long as you can spell 3-5 letter words.

There are lots of reviews of this game. I bought the game based upon the reviews. I wasn't disappointed.
6151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had so much fun scaring the crap out of my wife with this, that she batted it out of the air and landed in the dishwater.  Never worked quite right after that, but it was worth those moments where my infant daughter pissed herself laughing too hard.
8486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this game for my granddaughters, ages 5 and 8.  Fun game and they really enjoyed playing.
1074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for all family members 8+. We've bought this game for our family and given it several times as a gift. This is a family favorite.
6209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You can't get a better heli for this price ($22).  I suggest starting with this heli and then getting Nano QX when you get better.
5709	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband had me order this after playing Fluxx with friends in his downtime during deployment. We played it together with our 7yr old son tonight and I'm ready to buy another deck to mix in. This is a great game that keeps things fresh with no boring lag between turns. It was a little slow going at first as my son and I learned all the "rules" but once we got going, it had us all tied in. Also ready to check out some other Looney Labs games (Aquarius maybe?) now too!
Anyway, this game is just as much fun when played adult vs adult; it's not just a kid's game.  Obviously when played vs. an adult you get the competetive juices flowing in a way you might not with your younger kids.  A 5 star game, totally low tech but lots of fun.
The sound is a small chirping type sound that is not annoying to me. Most electronic toys highly annoy me.
7887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our granddaughter got two cash registers for Christmas and this one was far superior. It has all the elements to teach children about money and how to play store.
9434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game at our house! It's easy enough that my 4 year old is able to understand and enjoy it! It's fun for the whole family!
Netrunner is the best of the lot. Extraordinary replayability (I've logged 600 plays as of typing this, having been "into" the game now for about six months).
7831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was interested in which games were popular in a particular decade, but of course "Chutes & Ladders" has remained popular for so long because it relates to young children, not the children of a particular decade.  I would certainly go along with the consensus that "Candy Land" is the first board game you buy your kids and "Chutes & Ladders" is the second.
The gameplay is fast paced and unique, providing a unique layout that sets it apart from any of the games I've played before.  It definitely has the feature that defines any great gaming experience:  "Easy to learn, difficult to master!"
2142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We got this in time to bring along with us to a few holiday time gatherings and in every situation, the game seemed to take on a life of its own.  A large part of how successful the game will be depends on the people you are playing with.  If you have some particularly manipulative players, you'll end up having a few paranoid guests who are convinced that EVERYTHING that ANYONE is doing is a ploy to get their beads... and they are probably right.
7975	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	perfect for my 4 year olds.
The newest version isn't the most preferred since some older prints had a different set of components that could lock in place, but ultimately it's the same game.
7763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  We have played it as family numerous times and we've played it with friends.  It is easy to learn and so much fun to play.
3011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought a set of these for each of our grandsons. They are absolutely adorable. We bought them every five little monkey books. They were so happy to get these. What a great addition to the books.
5384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 7yr old caught on to the rules quickly with only a couple of reminders throughout the game, and loved it, and I enjoy it also.  I found the construction of the blocks to be fine despite other reviewer's complaints, although I agree that it would be better if some of the colors had more contrast. In bright light it is fine, but  more subdued lighting requires a closer look to tell the difference between green and blue, or orange and red. Overall, great game, with enough challenge to keep it fun. Recommended.

2141	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	It took forever for me to write this review simply because you have to have a minimum of four people in order to play it. I intially tried to make it work with just two people that is simply not possible with this game.  Fortunately the holidays rolled around and we had enough people stop by the house to make the attempt.  I must emphasis the word attempt because after 5 minutes of explaining the "rules" no one was really engaged in the "play" aspect.  I think this game is much more well-suited for people who do not know each other well in an "icebreaker"/conference setting.  There was much rolling-of-the-eyes and are you kidding me? responses from those who were gamely trying to make this work.  It was quite frankly, not that much fun.  As I mentioned previously, this would be a great game to use as an icebreaker for facillitators. I belive that would make this game much more of a "party".
I can never find my ratchets, but have sockets all over the basement;
For a young child, I would say this is not a solo play sort of toy, but it's more fun together anyway. Our little guy loves learning about the body parts (and squishing them) and has very quickly picked up on the functions of each organ and some of their names. He's also learned the spine, the rib cage and the skull. It's fun to watch him learn!

3. Now block the entrance with only one car/truck perpendicular to the red car. Let him try to figure it out, and praise him if he manages. If not, help him do it. Repeat it multiple times until he can do it by himself.
9762	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this play tunnel six years ago, when my first child was a toddler. He absolutely loved it. Fast forward six years and it is now the favorite toy of my third child. In fact, all three of my kids STILL love this tunnel. It has held up incredibly well after hundreds of hours of use. Best purchase I have ever made for my kids!
This is a must for a kid who loves music, dance or for entertainment at any party. Get this, a few maracas and whistles! Adults can join in too!

932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A really fun game and easy enough for older children to play but challenging enough for adults. A great introduction to learning to play the more challenging European version of Ticket to Ride. Also great geography lessons for children.
I like to put the Virago title, Sensor Jammer, Inertial Dampeners, and Autothrusters on either Guri or Xizor, which is a little "pricey" at 38 or 39 squad points.
Family age ranges from 30s to 80s.
One of the best new mechanics in Edge of the Empire is the Obligation system. Each player character has one or more Obligations (debts, oaths, enemies who are hunting them, etc.) that have a chance of impacting events each session. When they do, they negatively impact the characters, and if the PCs don't take steps to deal with these Obligations when they pop up those negative modifiers get worse. If you're group is less gamist, the GM can just handle Obligations more organically as suits his or her needs.
9943	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Great product but terrible customer service and overpriced



I like the LCG model when comparing it to something like a CCG rather than another board/card game like Dominion.  Sure, they release a new deck of cards every month but those decks of cards are between 10-20 bucks and you get a full playset of all the cards released.  Only the base set doesn't give you a full playset of all the cards.  This is A LOT cheaper than keeping up with a CCG but the gameplay and deck building still feel very much like one which is great!

4500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to play and the more you play, the more fun it gets.  Some of the words folks come up with are a scream.....
380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Neice and her birthday guests loved these.
My niece was raised totally sugar-free. She was given no candy, not even allowed to look at candy, and started the alphabet song " B E F G...". However as soon as she could put sentences together she began loudly proclaiming "I WANT CANDY". "Santa, bring me CANDY". "Is that CANDY you hide up there?".  She was obsessed with it...it was the eternal flame she sought over all other objects on earth.
2922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute and great quality!
6376	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My two year old likes this but I have to operate the latch for him. Also it was a little wonky when opened. Appears square when shut but not when opened
4416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	:)
452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game.  You can make it quick and easy for younger children or make it more complex for older children and adults.
DICE

6587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	such a great game - i love that both players have to do important thinking and are so engaged in the game. great for logic building skills and fun too!

Still terrified of stepping on one of these little trains barefoot in the dark but it's work the risk.
Decent art and components. Weird mix of ship tokens that are the same as Eclipse the board game but the rest are standard wooden discs.
6352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is pretty fun, you don't have to think too much and the instructions are easy enough as well. I do agree with the one reviewer who saaid that the pegs can be horrible if scattered everywhere. What we do is keep them in seperate plastic bags, and unwrap them before the game starts. It's a little bit more time-consuming, but that way it keeps them from winding up in a kid or pet's mouth.

5395	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Many people in the U.S. may not know this, but Qwirkle just won the very prestigious Spiel des Jahres award.  This means it's the German family board game of the year.  Germans take their board games pretty seriously.  Yes, lots of games mention the awards they have.  Most of those awards are weak.  Congratulations to Susan McKinley Ross for this elegant, beautiful and family friendly game.  Keep a lookout for her new game called Color Stix.  (no, I'm not affiliated in any way with this game... I'm just a board game fan).  [...]
1978	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This item was perfect.  It was for my daughter for the upcoming holidays and she loves it.  She loves finding him each morning.  Thanks for such a great product and shipping was perfect.
6113	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	was a pain to install and graphics poor, only good thing is you can use controller on other sim loads
8171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As I remember when I was a kid, this game is a pain to set up and does anyone actually play the game? I don't know but I never have. We just make it trap the mice. I don't know what it is about this game but it's fun and never gets old. As expected, my daughter loves it just as much as I did when I was a kid. It's a must-own. You haven't had a childhood unless you've played Mouse Trap.

6980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Easy learning
9328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Its amazing how much fun kids can have with such a simple toy.  My three year old and I played for over an hour with these when he got them.  You can play hide the beanbag, catch, throw the bag in the trash can, etc...
But there is much, much more!  The area rug seems to be a 6x9 piece of burlap with finished edges.  The burlap texture is interesting, like sisal, but flat enough that all the furniture and Critters can stand securely on it.  The bigger (as in less likely to be lost) accessories include a wicker look wastebasket with a lid, a magazine rack/basket, a brown tea tray, a basket/bowl with fruit (I think!) and a picture frame with adhesive on the back to stick on a wall.  I don't like these picture frames, because I think they ruin the dollhouse, and tossed it without showing it to the girls.  (But with so many accessories, they haven't even missed it).  A small strip of lace is included to place on the top of the bookcase, and it is the only item I'm disappointed in.  It's just a snip of seam lace with raw edges, and doesn't match the quality of the rest of this set.  (But it's a very minor accessory, not important at all, just wanted to be accurate).
Player Interaction - 6/10

7596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids at daycare love this cash register. It's quite modern. Kids play with it non-stop.
6479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids like trouble.
7254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great clean game. Definitely can get noisy!
1233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game. Would like to try the other sets. More fun with 3+ players.
1. Named characters might be slightly overpowered. I love the fact that the primary characters are strong, but it causes a problem when one side gets several of their leaders out before the other.
It's surprising to see how many of the Disney movies we've watched and the little kids can play as part of a team too.  We had a 3 year old and a 5 year old helping our adults on teams last weekend and it was a blast for everyone. If you're looking for strictly adult trivia games though this is probably too juvenile.


3986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I ended up buying two sets to have for a five player game. This helps the drama when doing competitive rolls.
It is also small enough to take along on family vacations to help fill in the "downtime."
The price was very reasonable and there were enough stickers so that each child was able to have two sheets.

4. Now add one more car and repeat the process until he is familiar with it. Keep adding one car at a time, in a way that it requires just one more movement to solve the problem. I attach a picture with an example of one of the drills I practice with him at the beginning. After several drills, he understood the idea of how to play the game.
5881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Stefan Feld is a German designer who has many fine games to his credit (e.g., Notre Dame, In the Year of the Dragon).  Rialto is played on a board which represents Venice but which is really a topological network in an artistic disguise.  Each island is joined to the other by four connections; one bridge (good for the region's value) and one gondola (less good) will be placed in each of the six rounds.  In addition to these connections, player pieces (counselors) will be played into the regions more or less sequentially.  These will contribute to a large scoring at the end of the game.
3296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
7592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son LOVES this game and is four years old.
 Interaction
8481	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	perfect game in a box. really.. it is amazing
Well done Hasbro!
9106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST drum ever! My grandson absolutely loves it. It's the perfect size. The sound is amazing. It seems to be extremely well made...since my grandson not only beats on it, but uses it to roll around on the floor, turn upside down and put his other toys in, throw things in it as if it were a basket, and climb on it. Hours of play for a busy toddler!
3952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really like playing star wars X wing. This is a good support ship. Hit and run keep moving with this ship.

8986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this toy for use in a summer hands-on traveling science museum.  It has proved to be very durable and was well worth my investment.  I purchased two sets for the exhibit, which allowed more than one child to play at one time.  Besides being well-made, the designer put thought into the extra gizmos so that the junior engineers could find a wide variety of ways to distribute the motion of the gears.  There was one little tiny part that we couldn't figure out the function for, but that did not detract at all from the overall use of the product.
This game proved to be so simple and so fun that I will continue to bring this game to parties and game nights from here on out.
The other big part of this game is the gladiator fights which in my one play so far are a little disappointing.  I like the idea, especially the way the hosting duties, invites, and deciding whether the loser lives or dies are handled.  But the fight itself is a Risk-style dice chain system where attack dice are matched against defense dice and are usually just decided by lucky rolls.
890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really enjoying this game. It's fun with two people. Figuring out how/when to mess with your opponent's routes and when to focus on your own (45 train cars goes fast if you forget to work on your routes) is fun. Games take a while (45 min. avg for us) but aren't too long and there's plenty of variety so far so replaying is fun, too.

able to use it. The 9 year old reads and makes sentences.
8422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game capturers the spirit of engineering.
2746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grand daughter just loved this.  She put it on her backback and all the girls at school wanted one.

1096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun time and great game. So fun to play in our family. Great for adults too
1238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun. I've played many times at family gatherings and have finally gotten around to purchasing this for myself.
833	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game...love it!
9176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product
861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game!!
5806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to these by a teacher at my school and had to get some for myself.  They are fun, even for adults, but especially for kids.  We work with teenagers and even they love them!
5432	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We had a big family game night last week and I broke out the new Scene It Comedy edition.  It featured written instructions as well as instructions given on the DVD which was included.  The game board can also be expanded for longer games.  About 10 of us played the game and most of us were confused by the questions.  I have never heard of a lot of the movies that were included.  All in all, unless you are a complete comedy movie buff, I do not recommend.  I have played other Scene It Games in the past and enjoyed them - I think I just wasn't into the Comedy Movies that were included.
To rescue a misfit toy you not only have to reach it before the Bumble, but you must win a mini game on the dvd. There simple games from selecting the right picture card on the screen from memory, selecting the correct toys which were flashed on the screen, or finishing a song line from the movie. Sadly, no, Burl Ives does not host this game nor were they able to find an Ives impersonator. I assume no Abominable Snow Monsters were harmed in the making of this game. A holiday blast!
5922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a lot better than most other press-your-luck dice  games like Zombie Dice and Martian Dice.


3794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've grown accustomed to any games with licenses attached to them to either be completely lame or a shallower copy of another game with a surface level change of theme. Star Wars: The Card Game, however, bucks that trend in a big way. It's a deep, but very fun game that FEELS like Star Wars, and that's a very impressive feat for a card game to pull off. Complexity-wise I'd put this between the other two FFG I've played: Android: NetRunner (more complex) and Call of Cthulu Card Game (less complex) but it's as fun, if not more so, than those two awesome games but it's not just a variant or rip-off of those or any other game that I've played. This is completely its own game, with its own mechanics, and its own feel.
2086	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Elf on the Shelf worked miracles with our granddaughter who was sure that the Elf was watching over her and reporting to Santa. She is 8 and still a believer.  But to our grandson who is four, he just didn't warm to the idea of a miniature elf reporting back to Santa about his behavoir!  The book is lovely and both grandchildren loved it. It was also fun for our daughter and son-in-law to find a new place to put the Elf each night! I would recommend this elf and book to anyone who has children or grandchildren who still believe in Santa. It may not make every child a lot better behaved but it is a lot of fun for them to try to find the Elf and wonder how it got to its new location each day.  This is also an item that can be handed down from generation to generation which is another reason why we wanted to purchase it.  By telling the children not to handle the Elf or it will lose its powers is a good way to keep the Elf in great condition. The set arrived very quickly after ordering which was a big plus as we ordered it in December.
4062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good expansion for the Rebel Alliance. Has the venerable Wedge Antilles with a skill of 9 and the ability to reduce target agility by one! Garven Dreis allows you to place your focus token on another friendly ship at range 1-2 after he uses it. Astromech units are also handy and one allows you to place one face up damage card to a face down if you roll an evade at the end of the game phase! Has the expert handling elite talent and marksmanship as well as proton torpedoes upgrade! All in all....a solid expansion!
As far as difficulty, it is as difficult as you want it to be.  Our daughter has been doing physical therapy to catch up to her classmates and that is why this toy intrigued us.  It is very good in that way as she has to work on core strength and balance to get to all of the letters.  But nothing in the game says that you have to get them all each time.
7649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought one for my classroom but when my granddaughter sawit, she took it and fell in love with the toy at first sight. I had to buy the second one. Educative, fun and entertained.
1521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Players start the game by drawing cards which give them train routes across the US they should aim to create.  During the game, they create train routes, earning points for each segment created, plus bonus points for completing a designated route.  It's a strategy game with a dose of luck.  But compared to Ticket to Ride Europe, it is less cutthroat, and harder to thwart other players.  The game is fairly predictable, but fun and appropriate for both adults and children, groups of up to five as well as two players.  It's also good for those who want exposure to U.S. geography.  A fun, well-made game.  Recommended.
On the website, http://www.looneylabs.com/games/chrononauts, Andy Looney, the creator, has written an interesting article called "Mysteries of the TimeLine" in which he explains how and why the timeline cards interact with each other. There's even lesson plans on how to use Chrononauts in the classroom written by an actual teacher.
9396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grand-daughter knew just what to do with these drums. She loved, as did I, the colorful outside jungle pictures around each one.
Gameplay: as long as you got the system requirement you'll have a great time. Light dnd gameplay that certainly satisfies the itch, especially if you can't get your dnd group together. Much better game than Menzoberranzan
All packaged in a sturdy box about the size of the one that Forbidden Alchemy comes in.

Other than that, this is nice and convenient for portability......Rizzo
5213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A challenge and an exciting game for all ages

The rules of the basic game remain the same. This deluxe edition will give you a classier and less noisy Yahtzee experience. But if you want the gold dice like I have, try to get editions that were put out in the early to mid 2000s.
6533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's nice to find a game that doesn't require any technology but yet captivates kids' attention.  Among all the purchases for an under 10 year old group, this seemed to be the most popular.  They also find ways to complicate the codes and have a blast playing it.  All pieces of this game is well-made and I will be purchasing more for other little ones in the future.  Great toy for snowed in days!
201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Let me get the bias out of the way first: my undergrad is in finance.  If you are a finance major, or interested in fiance, stop reading and buy this game immediately.
8637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift
43	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This occupied my almost-3 year old for nearly an hour.  Stickers were durable and easy to peel.  Afterwards, he kept going back to the box to see if there were more robot stickers to assemble in there.
3594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received in on time just before 2 days to birthday which was penguin themed. There were several sheets in one pack, plenty more than needed. I ordered 3.
The game is about buying and selling stock in hotel chains, causing chains to merge, and go in and out of business.  Given that virtually NONE of this is represented visually and it looks more like a Bingo board, the theme really stands out.  You really feel like you're doing exactly what the game says you are.
I want to mention that when I bought these I was a little disappointed that they didn't make a symphony in the tub besides the occasional squeak but all the enjoyment my son has had throughout the years makes up for that.  Why do I need something else around here that makes noise?  We have never had a problem with the rings linking together, ours always have.  Super toy!
4650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent learning resource! Good for sensory and visual learners. The book that comes with it is a fun learning resource as well. Excellent value! So happy with this purchase!

After watching us play, the grandparents (who are avid crossword lovers) were intrigued and wanted to try.  They quickly caught on and had a blast playing!
7422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift
7980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this to give to a family for Christmas.  When my daughter was young we enjoyed it.

9443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this drum for our son for a Christmas gift and it might just be his favorite this year.  We wanted some kind of drum that our son could experiment with because he loves music.  Many of the solo drums that are available in places like Guitar Center have sharp nuts and bolts on the underneath that can cut up some fingers.  We liked this drum because it has nothing like that and is very safe.  It is also very durable and seems like it will last a long time and take whatever abuse our son can dish out.  It sounds great and he loves using the included drum sticks or just his hands to play it.  We are so happy with this product that we are going to get some more Remo drums of different sizes, they are awesome!
My only semi-complaint about the game is the fact that the pieces are so big. It's really hard for me to play with all 3 of my children at once. It becomes too confusing and crowded for them, and they become frustrated. For us, it's a better game to just play with 2 players at a time, so it's a great game for some one on one time with each of my children(which I can't complain about).
So that works out to $1.00 per assembled robot - total ripoff.
4012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	my husband likes this game, the phone app is neat
6521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My niece loved the game.
This version is my favorite so far and well worth the time to play it.
9104	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best drum!
256	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves these games, this is his third one and the boys play for hours! I like the fact that it gets them off the computer and using their minds!
2875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has lots of the Llama Llama books and loves them all. I got her a new book for Christmas and this to go along with it, she loves it
Candy land is simple enough for a 2-year old to figure out, and fun enough not to make the parents who have to play with them completely miserable.  It brings back memories from my childhood, so I have a lot of fun playing as well.
we just had a birthday party for my son (mickey themed, of course) and we started buying just about everything and anything with mickey's face on it...if the price was right, of course. These things fit the bill. Wasn't sure what I would use them for, but got them anyway. I ended up giving them to the people with iphones/ipads, etc. and everyone loved them. I put one on my phone too actually... and this was at the beginning of the month (now the 22nd) and it's still holding steady!

5353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this game with young and old.  For the young kids, it is easy if they recognize colors and shapes.  For the older ones, there is some stragegy involved to get the most point.  A very fun and engaging game for the family
4091	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This one is a tricky one! Do you want one? Definitely! Is it too expensive? Most likely. Will it make my gaming experience better? Quite a lot
5769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love these flashcards my daughter is leaning quick because they have a picture paired with the word. I'm very satisfied!
6620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got it late so couldn t use it that week with the grandkids. Min education value ... But excellent interaction skills learning. When being bumped back or bumping someone else back it teaches them abilities to roll with the punches. We play without bumping with the 3-5 yr old group and with the bumping over that  So the game is inexpensive, as simple as candyland and traches a unique value
4769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this.  Great hands-on learning.
Plenty of strategies to use to win the game.
An instruction is very simple and everyone can follow their step by step instructions.
I recommend it for any Arkham enthusiast.
8567	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	my son loved this although it broke within the first ten minutes and he was not even being rough with it
REVIEW
8706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ah, this toy was a huge part of my childhood. I had these in multiple sizes and colors and they never broke. The same goes for this one - the quality in their products is still alive and well today. Even my german shepherd has taken a bite at it when it was fully extended a few times and it still works great. I find myself opening and closing it because it's so mesmerizing... This might be surprising to you, but it's a fun little toy for all ages!
8605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is the funnist game we play it for hours and have a hard time putting it a way yes
2033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We did this tradition for 2 years in a row now and it has become one of my kids most favorite things to look forward too.
760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!  Exactly as described.  Purchase this, you will not be disappointed!
1455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The game arrived quickly in perfect (new) condition.
3557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	love these stickers
7061	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered this red/blue register for Christmas. It looked just like the register they use in my grand daughter's preschool The box clearly showed what I ordered however on Christmas morning a pink register was removed from that box and I was looking forward to the "cha-ching" sound when opening cash drawer. I want to exchange it for the one I actually ordered but my 5 year old grand daughter doesn't want me to take it from her
1211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!
6529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good game
5300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A family game for all members- from the youngest to the oldest.  Simple to learn and fun for everyone.  Recommend highly

Both decks are made from sturdy card with a very high gloss laminate finish. They should withstand years of use and be reasonably drool- and beverage-proof. Certainly as much if not more so than regular playing cards.
Let me now address owners of the base game wondering if this is the first (or next) expansion they should buy. The answer is yes, if you routinely play with 4 or more people and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Shadow-Over-Innsmouth/dp/B0010PBI4Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Shadow Over Innsmouth</a>&nbsp;is one of your favorite stories. Groups of 3 players or less will need to play with multiple investigators each to have any conceivable chance of beating the game (or even making an attempt worth setting up the board for) due to multiple elements designed to delay investigators and RAPIDLY awaken the Ancient One.
9401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We couldn't be happier with this. We got it for our 8 month old for christmas and he's been obsessed with it ever since. Very well made.
4425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!
It takes good judgement to decide when and where to build your RR segments, as well as when to select additional destination cards.

3757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and his friends play this at work and they have man play dates outside of work... apparently it's pretty riveting as more and more people at work have been buying it and the expansions so they can take time during break to play. He usually loves board games, but this one seems to have some particular draw because he consistently plays vs with our other games we play here and there.
5595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fluxx games are great party and family games.  Good pirate theme with some new interrupt cards
3571	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are bright and big, and there are 9 stickers to a page.  They even arrived quickly.  I am gld I ordered several packs!
8761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My four year old loves math and electronic gadgets and Math Shark was a hit with him!  He currently likes doing the easier levels of addition and subtraction and I like that this product will grow with him as his math skills develop further.  It is convenient and educational - wonderful for travel or just small outings where waiting is necessary (like going out to eat).  My six year old plays with the Math Shark occasionally and although she's less a fan of the product (because it is dedicated only to math) that is also another plus for the parent - you know your child won't be switching over to some mindless ice cream game instead of practicing math if you have the Math Shark vs. a tablet.  Also, this product makes it so much more fun to do math drills than having to use flash cards.  I would give this product five stars if the display screen was clearer - the numbers are sometimes hard to see/distinguish. Overall,  this is a product I would recommend.
187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler loves these puzzles!  This one has a lot of great animals for him to point out and it's colorful.

When I was little, my dad had to build me a fire engine. It had foot pedals which I think are not as safe for younger children, so I like the fact that children have to "walk" it around. this gives them a bit of exercise and is fun for children who are learning to walk and are frustrated about not being able to get around as easily.
The short version is that the X-Wing includes four great pilots and five different upgrade cards that can be used in the standard game (this set is almost worth getting for these alone).  The Rebel Transport introduces exciting new rules for epic play with huge ships (including new movement templates, damage decks, actions, and numerous upgrades for huge ships).
2129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This cards are funny and well made.  They feel nice to hold and are a good size.  The saying are interesting to read and there are small pictures as well.
7279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	one the best games ever!!!
2225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun family game.
2877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have to praise amazon for having this product at a great price.  We actually picked one up at Barnes and Noble and I couldn't bring myself to pay $20+ dollars for a simple stuffed animal that feels painfully like a claw-machine reject.  That said my five-year-old daughter has put her llama to bed every night since Christmas while reading it llama llama stories.  I hope it holds up better than it feels like it should...
6005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Son's of Anarchy and board games, you'll love this game! Each turn, players rival over turfs, gang up or join each other, it's non stop fun and so much comparison to the show its as close an experience you'll get without joining an actual biker gang! But if you do, you should play this while watching the show!
2562	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this book and reads it every night.  I wish the lines across the page that the trucks move along were longer

2672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun adult game....easy to learn and fun to play
1588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my kids favorite Christmas traditions! The ideas are endless. Everyone should have an Elf on the Shelf!
PROS:

4261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the fan of fluxx and Monty Python.
Tips: I would suggest purchasing this game from Amazon, but purchase expansions from Level 99 directly and in the purchase comments ask for the promo cards.  I heard that upon request Level 99 will give you the 6+ promo characters they made during Kickstarter.  Why?  Well DOA has plenty of content on it's own...you can literally purchase this game and not buy an expansion for months (maybe years?) and be perfectly fine.  I would suggest holding the promo characters off until you purchase an expansion to give even more beef to the expansions.
2832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 3 year old granddaughter loves the Llama Llama books.  Especially LLama Llama Red Pajama.  So it was great to be able to find the llama for her too.  Luckily, the pajamas say on very well because she is at the stage where she seems to undress everything.  The llama's little llama is firmly attached as well.  Our little one  just tucks this llama in her arm every night as she has her nightly reading of Llama book.
1019	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have seen this game around for a long time, but I never wanted to drop the money to buy it. I found a good deal this Christmas season, so I purchased it. I wish I would have PURCHASED IT SOONER!  What a blast!  Definitely worth the high price!
The clips remain amusing, but the questions are just too easy for your average Disney fan.  Since I assume only Disney fans would pick up a game like this, it seems rather hopeless that people will have a lot of fun.  So my recommendation would be to go purchase Scene It Disney Second Edition, which really is a run and often challenging game.

This is a fun, award-winning game that really is fun for the whole family (ages 8 and up; with modifications we play with ages 5 and up)
I personally like to read the questions and answer them myself.  To have an alternative pathway of thinking, makes you a more effective problem solver - in your daily activities, your work and in life.
4095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks great. Gives a nice space to play on. Would buy again.

I love that his arms have wire in them, so I can place him in certain positions that wouldn't be possible with the other elf.
8867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beginner jugglers will not go wrong with these! Perfect for just learning how. I would suggest looking up tutorials on youtube instead of reading the instructions that come with it, though.
The board is very sturdy, but the cards get pretty messed up pretty quick.  My son has already crumpled up the cupcake card, so we know when that one is coming in the stack. There is a version of this game that has a spinner instead of cards, which they got from my brother for Christmas (what a coincidence), but my kids enjoy picking a card more than using the spinner.
4391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this with some friends and immediately became addicted to this game. It is so fun.  I could play for hours. I love playing with my daughters who are 9 and 7. I help them a bit but not too much. I am amazed at some of the words they come up. It's great for learning to spell and I love it so much!!
1686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a cute production and a nice holiday tradition. I read it to my son and he picked a name. I voted for Skippy or Jingle bells. He picked Fred. His mom thought of all sorts of hilarious props and scenarios for Fred. We are going to keep doing it long after he figures out the whole Santa thing because it is lots of fun to come up with different ideas. It was so popular this holiday season that stores were sold out in our area. While I think it is a tad overpriced for a doll with felt points for legs, it was cheaper on Amazon then it was in the stores. The shipping was fast and it was well packaged. This is a holiday keeper.
Sellswords is a fun little card game.  The heart of the game is each card's special abilities, which allow for variation with each play.  Also, this game is very quick, each round playing in perhaps 10-15 minutes once players know what they are doing.  It is very light, and the mercenary theme, while present, is not particularly strong.  If the abstract nature of the game doesn't turn you off, you might really enjoy Sellswords as a two player opener for game night.

8607	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	the one I got was not the same color as shown in the photo, it was significantly different.
5558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game! It's fun with all the Oz characters.  We play this often. Same rules and a few new from the other games. This is one of our favorites, next to Pirate Fluxx!
362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Big hit for my great nephew!  Fun playing with him every though every turn was "HIS" turn.... LOL
4195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This little globe is a real gem; easy to read, great colors, a metal stand, as well as a metal "equator" strip rather than the standard paper strip that so easily comes loose.  I also love how kid-friendly this globe is--easy for young eyes to read and interpret with a bit of adult instruction, and the small size means that it stays put in a child's hands better than a large one. I love this globe!
The expansion also includes all tokens, dials, etc. that you need to use this ship in a game (though a copy of the base set is still needed to play).
8261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always wanted this as a kid, never got it. But now I can play it with my kids! It's just like the original instead of the lame cheap version they make now.
9267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have had our Gearation for at least 7 years and it is one that consistently comes back out of the toy closet. It is not really a day to day toy but one that goes in the toy rotation. It has held the attention of children from ages 3 to 10 and has certainly stood the test of time for durability.
3231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A Game of Throne: The Board Game First Edition has been my favorite game for a couple of years. This game has the best war strategy mechanics out of all the games I have played. The Second Edition just improved upon an already loved game. I won't go into depth of how it is played, but I would definitely recommend playing with someone that knows how to play your first time if possible. The rules can be a lot to take in at once, but is definitely worth the learning curve. A highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys long strategy games. Along with the additions of ports and siege engines, there are a couple minor rule changes with the second edition. So if you are going from first edition to second edition I recommend you do a thorough read through of the rules before playing. Having knowledge of the book isn't needed but definitely adds to gaming experience. I actually decided to read the books after enjoying first edition game so much.
(4) Randomly selected Destine cards -- you draw one of the 29 cards at the beginning of each year, and it has an effect on everything that happens during that year;
Components / Rulebook
2323	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was searching for a cuter alternative to the Elf on the Shelf since my husband deemed the Elf creepy ;). When I found Christopher, I knew this would be perfect.  The story is very similar to the other elf--hides in a new place each night and reports child's behavior back to Santa.  Christopher is very durable, colorful, and the included hard back book is filled with bright illustrations and a fun story on the creation of Christopher.  I would recommend this for any family with small children looking to create a new family tradition.
Some things to keep in mind: even though you can play with five players, I would recommend keeping it around three or four unless you impose a time limit on turns because people can take FOREVER to make decisions, which can stall gameplay and turn it into a "when is it my turn again?" type of game.
5982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	$15 for this game? Are you kidding me?!? That is seriously value for how much game you are getting. Highly interactive area control/worker placement game with endless options for negotiation and backstabbing. My kind of game. Highly recommended if you are into more open ended negotiation games. I like how it's not too fiddly and doesn't take up too much space as well. Quality of the components are super solid, even all the cardboard money and order tokens.
THIS ONE IS IT!! This one is what I had in mind! It is the old face, with the old pieces, it has the cards and the money. Real game play. My 3 year old loves it!
 You start the game with some cards in your hand that are nicely illustrated train cars of the same several colors.  Each turn you either

2803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute
I give it a 10 out 10 stars and highly recommend it to any board game fan and especially to Game of Thrones fans.
1223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is another one of our favorite board games. We highly recommend it, as it is easy to set up and learn. This is a great game to take with you on a family vacation. We always take it with us on our cabin vacations. A+!

9625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had a wooden one that held up well but ultimately my almost 3 year old did break it, and was devastated.
1302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have enjoyed this game immensely. I purchased the game for family fun nights and have played it even more than I could have ever imagined.  My daughters are aged 6 - 10 and have loved playing this game since we purchased it.  My daughters are a little more advanced than their typical age group, but they are still novices at the board game strategy.
I own a number of the variants and they are all similarly great and each has it's own quirkiness making it easy to enjoy them all. (I keep a copy in my car, a copy in my house, and a copy in my "games night" bag)
They havn't chipped or cracked, so I remain hopeful that these are just minor quibbles, but I am a little wary of how long they will last with heavy use.
2269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great alternative to Elf on a Shelf! My son loves Christopher! He's been looking for him every morning, and he already know that he can't touch!!
3765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, love the miniatures it plays quickly and is just good with 2 players as it is with 4. It has quickly become my wife's favorite game

3905	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Check youtube for specifics, fun expansion
6116	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	First, mine arrived DOA but it was obvious that this is a toy and not really appropriate for proper training in radio control operation.  It's too small, doesn't have trim control and the sticks have none of the feel that an actual controller does.  I didn't get to test  its accuracy since it was defective but even if it was spot on, there are much better options out there - check out the Dynam 6ch controller - it is life size, has trim control, good feel on the sticks and works well with Clearview SE (free).  Don't even bother to download FSM, it is outdated, no longer supported and not all that good when it works.  The upgrade of Clearview is only $35 to get all the models and airfields or buy them one at a time to add to the freeware version.

5137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really fun game, came on time, my grandson is eleven and likes it very much, its fun to play this game with him.
220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Acquire may not be as old as Monopoly, but it is older than me and I can see why it's a classic.  Finally, an economic game that is far better than monopoly could ever hope to be!  I know a lot of people who have owned older versions are upset at the quality of the components compared to earlier versions and rightly so, but really, the game just rocks!  Buy this cheaper version to play, and then go buy an older expensive version to store in your closet, so you can be an Acquire snob saying you have version 19xx something:-)
3953	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ok, so it's a bad Pun, but it's TRUE. The firespray is amazing. Play as Fett, a Regular Bounty hunter and much more. I have won many a battle with it and so will you.

9307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 3 year old grandson who enjoys playing with this, but it is my 11 month old grandson who appears to really enjoy it even more.  He has the biggest smile when he is making his own music.
Roll the dice (not a decision..well, I guess you did decide to play)
In service,
222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you have never played, don't let the reviews turn you off. This is a wonderful, mind working game.
The moment I saw this little set I knew it would be perfect for him and I knew he'd pretty much go nuts over it - which he has.  Although he's a bit young to do the finger-puppet thing himself, he has 3 older siblings, 2 parents, and 4 grandparents who are more than happy to do it for him.  Such fun!  And honestly, the set is truly and absolutely ADORABLE.  I'm a pretty accomplished seamstress myself and I was very impressed with how well made these little guys are.  And they're a fairly good size, too - 5 inches.  Great attention to detail has been given to their design and creation, and I expect them to last a good long time.
Like chess or other two player games based upon moves only, this one isn't as fun when the skill level difference is too great as there is no getting lucky with dice or other random events.  However, it can still be a fun adult/child game and helps build memorization skills.
And the kids LOVE it.

It's a fun game that can be played for hours.  I will admit that when we play we keep a dictionary nearby for help.  Cheating?  Maybe.  But it makes the game more fun.  And it is always funny when you get to use a word you learned playing Quiddler and you get to laugh when you remember how you learned it.
2865	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got the book, and this cute Llama character from the book, for our Granddaughter, for
If you love cooperative games, heavy, thoughtful themes, and have a penchant for the eldritch, do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of Arkham Horror and invite a few friends over. You'll thank me for it.
6842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My now adult sons owned this game during their childhood which I still have in tact and in great condition.  My granddaughters ages 9 and 7 learned how to play the game at camp last summer, so I ordered this one for them to have at home.  It is still a great game but not the quality of the one that was purchased over 30 years ago.
630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my 10 year old grandchild.  Opens communication, fun and silly, raises some ethical questions too!
A lot of it is based on luck so if that bugs you then don't get it. BUT, it does lend itself well to creative and visual people, since the more possibilities you're able to see on the board, the more points you'll be able get in the long run.


8263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00000DMFM/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_59
4384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this game for my son for valentines. He is in 2nd grade.  SO much more fun and better than scrabble Jr.
It consists of primarily one page tidbits like "How to Make and Throw a Sloshie" (with water and toilet paper), the Physics of a Cannonball in the Water, How to Play Tabletop Hockey, and one of my son's favorites, How to Hypnotize a Chicken.
3. Edge Battles. I wonderful mechanic to make a mini-game within the game. Players trade blind bids back and forth until both pass. After both have passed both sides flip those cards over. The winner of the Edge Battle initiates combat first and can use the white abilities on their cards. Of course, you have to decide if tossing away a card is worth winning an edge battle for the benefits.
You can get real creative and technical and install a cable with motor and pulley mechanism that will lower and raise it from the ceiling while closing and expanding it like they do with big metal ones at some city science centers/omniplex.
  - You have colored "train car" cards, which you combine to build connections between cities.  If a connection is colored, you need that color to make the connection and if it is grey, then you can use any one color to make the connection.
5449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	WE had a little trouble getting the disc to play right in our new Blu ray player.

This game makes a good gift . . . .  well, our visitors have all ended up wanting their own game.  Amazon's price with free delivery is competitive, at least when i made my purchase.

 Downtime
5099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 and 8 year old grandchildren love this game.  It's a great way to teach matching colors and shapes. I actually bought a second set so we can build a great big design. One set is for the coffee table, but two sets are for the dining room table!  After we are done the kids like to get our their little Leggo people and the Qwirkle design become a  fantasy world for the kids. This is fun for the kids and me. Also, it keeps them entertained for a very  long time!  I've attached a couple of photos.
3751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is not for everyone.  The rules take awhile to learn, but once learned the game plays pretty quickly.  Having said that, if you are really into games and love strategy, there is simply no better game to play.
Anyway, sorry for ranting so long on their marketing strategy. As it turns out, I found the actual game to be kind of a bore as well.  For instance, the main mechanic of the game consists of building a dice pool of green eight-siders that have "good" symbols on them dependent on your characters ability (no numbered dice in this game; you have to use their special dice!), add purple eight-siders with "bad" symbols depending on how difficult the task is, then switch out those green and purple dice for more symbol potent yellow/red twelve-siders depending on specializations , then add blue or black six-siders depending on advantages and/or disadvantages the situation might have, and finally rolling all the dice and taking note of how many good symbols you rolled subtracted by their bad symbol counterparts that were also rolled (there's three different kinds by the way).  If you end up with at least a single success you do it!  Other symbols describe how well/bad you did it!  If that sounds really clunky then I'd have to agree with you.  The fact there's only a single set of dice that comes with the game and you constantly have to hand off dice an build these rolls for EVERY action you want to do only makes things worse, and quite frankly, not fun!
9472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Secret Door is a game I have in my gifted classroom. This is definitely a winner. I could see families enjoying this game, as well. The game pieces are a bit subpar in quality, but the game is so different from typical board games that I can look over this problem. I would recommend this game for a gifted classroom and for families.


3461	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  This was a gift for my son, and he absolutely loved it!

7289	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandkids love this game. It's fun and interesting. Doesn't take forever to play so it's perfect for the shorter attention spans.
579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have 8 children so we look to buy games that many people can play and different age groups.  This game covers it.  It is educational and fun.  It has a competive edge.  You spell words with the cards that you are given.  The first round you get 3 cards, 2nd round you get 4 cards, and so on until you have 10 cards.  The younger children have just as much of a chance to win because you can spell small or big words.  We have almost wore this set of cards out.  It is small and compact and can be played just about anywhere.
5799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a gift for my 11-year-old nephew, he has had other sand loved them.  but to be honest, I've bought another one for me because it looks like a lot of fun!  Can't wait!
4035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Most Wanted is one of four new Wave 6 expansion sets for the X-Wing miniatures game. As with the other expansions in this wave, one of the more interesting things about this wave is that it introduced a third faction: Scum and Villainy.

So why did I get the expansion?  I mainly got this because I wanted to add in the option to play with a 6th player.  When my sister and her sons come over to play, we're sometimes in the 6 player range and it's unfortunate to make anyone sit out.  Scoundrels of Skullport adds a 6th player as well as two new modules to the game.  You are required (per the rules) to use at least one module any time you are playing with 6 players.  If you're playing with new players, this is easily done by using the Undermountain module.  It adds 3 new buildings to assign your agent to without adding a ton of extra complexity.  There are new buildings, Lord cards, quests, and intrigue cards - but you can simply tack on the extra board and forego all of those.  If you want to use the cards/buildings that come with Undermountain, there will be nothing unfamiliar.  It introduces no new complexities other than some quests which require a ton of "resources" for a huge payoff in VP.  This may seem overpowered - but the sheer fact that you're doing those quests means you'll be doing less overall quests.  It really does balance out just as well as the big 25 point quests balanced in the base game.
7482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old has fun playing these game.
2933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great activity toy, you have to have the book also.
4442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	and give up too soon on this fun game.. I need to learn it better, though.
When he was younger, it was great because even before he could really grab the rattle in his tiny hand, he could stick his arm through the middle of this toy and shake it up and down to make noise.
3095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a lot bigger than I thought it was. Which is a great thing. I love it! Went perfect with the rest of the set.
705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love that the save/spend/give away lesson is taught with this bank.  My son loves to take his money and split it up into the three categories.  In fact, he's only 7 and recently saved enough to buy his own iPod.
1627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a cute idea for a Christmas tradition with our toddler! He gets so excited to wake up and find out where his elf's new lookout spot is.
There were times we made it only one tile into the mine, a series of terrible rolls drawing Darkness cards which unleashed poisonous gas through those narrow shafts, the putrid air sickening us so deeply we collapsed, quite literally per the flavor-text's painting, in pools of our own vomit.  There were times we were outnumbered, and in a fit of strategic brilliance I'd lit my stick of dynamite and sent it howling into those devil hoards only to overshoot my mark, that stick taking one unlucky bounce, a second unlucky bounce, a final unlucky bounce before detonating at the feet of my partner, around a corner, turning his fine black suit into red mist.
And I'm hoping the little girl I'm going to be tutoring this summer likes them, cause it would be so easy to make a division problem out of figuring out how many dots it will take to make a bracelet that's the right length for a given wrist!  Incidentally, this could also be presented as an issue of counting, addition, subtraction, multiplication, or measurement, depending on the age of the child.  I'd say it would be possible to sneak some math into making these for at least most elementary school levels, and I think the viscosity of the gel has some potential for older kids, since the gel slowly spreads out after you put it on the plastic, which changes the shape of the bracelet and the way the dots fit together -- that one even threw me off a bit, and I have some three years of college science classes behind me.  Of course, it's entirely possible to make the bracelets without thinking about any of the math or science aspects at all, but there is quite a bit of potential as an educational tool if so desired.
The fantasy-themed version with 30 pieces. Again, Amazon has failed to adequately label the game, simply titling it "Stratego." However the Product Features make it clear. ("Choose to lead warriors from an ancient arctic realm or a fierce army from a land of fiery molten lava.")
4668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Super fun toy. My 5 year old has been dying to get this. She squealed with joy when she opened it for her bd. My only complaint is that once we took it apart the first time it doesn't stay together well. Every morning I find guts lying on her bed. And sometimes the rib cage. (It sits on a shelf next to her bed.) And the intestines always come apart so they are just everywhere. Would I buy it again? Yeah. Even with its flaws it's pretty awesome.
2941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautifull and functional! Love it!
6211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	im really surprized how awesome this little thing does, have flown inside and outside, its small but thats great to learn with,my first. love it .get the elec. charger with it .i got extra blades to ,and haven't needed so far this thing is pretty tough would buy again
7048	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The kids have fun with it and it works great, but I received a pink version instead of the color as shown in the photo.
8749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	When looking for a gift for a child with autism or sensory issues this is one item that is sure to delight. Also suitable for an office buddy.  This might pinch little fingers though.
-The box is much larger and bulkier than what is required to hold the components of the game. The box is the same size as what is used for the base game, while the added content could fit in a box 1/3 of the size. True to the Fantasy Flight brand, the box organization and spacial allotment is downright awful.
9458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to set up and pretty stylish. Could do with some hooks to secure to the ground as an extra safety.
7200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids think this is quite fun. The cards are regular card size, just shaped like a sandwich. We watched a youtube review where the guy had oversized cards, these are not.
8078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always a classic
2205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game.
For the quality of the dice, the price is reasonable.

Game Play
9523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son loves this I love that it has addition and subtraction on one board. we practice while I cook, clean, drive, this keeps my son interested and I cant wait to see improvement in his work.
1460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for players of all ages.  The board depicts a map of the United States (in this version; other versions exist for other locations) with train routes of appropriate lengths between major cities.  Players have tickets from one major city to another.  In order to get credit for that ticket, the player must build their train between those cities.  Combine routes to get points for more tickets.
2363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Eminent Domain made a big splash when it appeared on the gaming scene in 2011, after a successful Kickstarter campaign run by publisher Tasty Minstrel Games. This space-themed civilization building and exploration game builds upon the deck-building and role-selection mechanics of several successful card games that have preceded it. Suitable for 2, 3 or 4 players, this card game from Seth Jaffee plays in about 45 minutes, and proved to be a big hit. Are you ready for the challenge of venturing into space with the cards that Fortuna deals you?
7790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	she put all her boxes together and set up a store right away selling her other toys she got for Xmas!!LOL!!!
7128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great.  My grandson loves it.
343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great expansion to a very fun game

5801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book is really fun and enjoyable. Both my kids continue to enjoy it as a fun extra for our homeschooling.
2261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son had so much fun finding Christopher each morning.  Highly recommend this set!
Negatives
7947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic game and kids played it over Christmas.  It was a big hit!
8939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game. Perfect for kids and families.
3947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son in law favorite
I like this variant mostly because it allows me to talk like a pirate from the get-go and rewards me for doing so occasionally. The cards are amusing and the theme is a rich one, comedy-wise.

It recv'd a 4 instead of 5 on durability because it is a choking hazard to small children but MY DARN DOG keeps trying to get in on the game by capturing pieces in his face as they fall to the ground.  As I say it can get a little rough in play!
1879	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping. Exactly what was described.
7681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 5- and 6-year-old grandnephews loved getting this for Christmas. By evenings end, they had a third game going.

5188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	gift for a little boy.
Mechanics-Ticket to Ride has some of the slickest mechanics out there.  My simple summary above is almost all the rules you need to play the game.  The game is quick, fun, and family friendly for almost all ages.  Even though the game doesn't have the insane depth of some other games, a surprising amount of strategy emerges in this game.  Since goals are secrete, you never know when your best laid plans will go up in smoke.  That tension is amazing for a simple game. 5/5
2819	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	They were so excited when Pete the Cat appeared on my hand. We sang about the buttons as "Pete" acted out the story, then sang about his white shoes (only we stepped in much more than the book). Love his little jacket. The very literal children, however, did think all his buttons should pop off. I agree. I arranged my hand to show only the proper number of buttons as we sang the story and 'hid' the Velcro button on top of on of the others.
5182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game, kids picked up quickly
1401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This gave is worth it if you like the US (or any other version) of Ticket to Ride.  It's worth the money.
Interaction is low.  While verbal congrats are possible, expressions of dismay and indifference often follow someone laying track.  If you cant reach the cards, there will be- give me those two oranges or, how about two off the mystery pile of joy!  But as I think of it, this game could be played in silence.  So if you are entertaining that favorite group of mine to pick on- introverts, you already knew what you were in for.
7291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as game for pre-schoolers and their parents to play on their long U.S.-Australia trip and it was a slam dunk based on reports.  It passed the tiny hands-air travel tests  --  sturdy, easy-to-handle playing pieces, simple rules with enough complexity for repeat games and to engage parents  (or an older child), and easy to clear away back into its package.  Can't say more; that was more than enough, and it's maintained its useful position in the toy chest when neighborhood pals come to play.

8165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game. I loved this game as a kid. But as an adult, oh my G! This game is tedious and can be REALLY LONG. Basically, it sucks. It totally sucks.

219	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	A crappy cardboard ghost of the original.  Hard to believe they did this, but they did.  Shame on Hasbro.  Disgusting.
1310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our whole family loves this game (age 7 and up).  We also own the Ticket to Ride Europe version, which has some other neat strategies.  This is well worth the purchase and makes a good game to play with friends because the rules are easy to explain quickly.  I highly recommend.
A question that was in the game, for example, was asking the name of the actress that played Spock's mom in the original series. How is someone that doesn't know Trek going to answer that? Fun and challenging, but almost impossible for casual and those that aren't really fans
8964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it!
CAVEAT: There are some quality control issues with the manufacturer. My game did not come with any rules or drawstring back as was listed on the box. I was able to download the rules after a search on the internet. My wife knitted me a bag so that turned out okay. Some reviewers complained about bad or missing tiles. All my tiles were intact so perhaps I got lucky. despite these issues, I give the game 5 stars because I enjoy playing it.
use so that some words may be longer than 3 letters, but still can be if that is
3749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played Magic the Gathering for 10 years, until I got burned out. They main reason I stopped was due to the collectable market of the game. I got tired of people not trying to make quality decks & instead just paying $200+ to build a tournament / "net deck".


5999	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is awesome. My adult siblings and I like to get together frequently for game/movie/whatnot nights and this one always finds its way to the front of the rotation. It's a somewhat lengthy play but lots of fun! Highly recommended for SoA fans!
1434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for families as up to 6 people can play.  My 8 & 9 year old sons really like it, although it is a little to difficult for my 4 yr old.
7958	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I'm not sure how these blocks got any positive reviews. Most important to me...all the blocks with the pic of an elephant are misspelled and read "elerhant". The pictures over all are not great. The grapes look like cherries...have you ever seen candy apple red grapes? The apples look like red pumpkins. Some of the blocks have pictures but the corresponding letter has been replaced by a symbol and other letters...confusing to a child trying to learn. Additionally, the quality of these blocks is not great as the paint was already scratched off on a few when they arrived and the wood is frayed on some. They have a strong odor (kind of like clay). Lastly, they are quite small as others warned although the size is clearly written in the description. I expect to see a set like this at a dollar store and would not recommend.
4207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This kit was very user friendly and my grandson (age 10) enjoyed the light experiments. He was most interested in the light sabers.
1209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Don't let the number of pieces overwhelm you- the game is extremely quick to pick up and its intensity is measured only by your playmates.
Unfortunately, I can't really tell you how well the app worked for us. I downloaded it for my Kindle Fire and couldn't get it to load properly even after multiple attempts at turning it on and off and re downloading it.
7231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Classic, simple game to start your kids on. I would give it 5 stars, but my child wants to play this game ALL OF THE TIME, even though we have many other games to play!
2201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun Game for the whole family.

8922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The skin on the top of this drum is very comparable to an adult drum head!  I was very impressed! We've had it for over 8 months now and it's still in perfect shape! The sound is loud and crisp!
2450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family loved this game. Not too big, not too small
2533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The tile lock addition makes this a lot easier to use. You don't have to worry about tiles going all over the place, it is a great buy!
6979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent toy for preschool kids.
8480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our favorite card games for many years.  The special edition version has secret glasses/codes... a fun twist.
8829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	What a great drum. We got it for our one year old's birthday and she loves it.
This kit comes with a clear plastic body into which a skeleton snaps into place. The skeleton is probably the most delicate part of the model. It is held in place by little protruding pieces of plastic that snap into holes in the clear "skin". I would suggest you take the hard pieces in and out a few times to loosen things up before the kids do that part on their own. One of the little nubs broke off of ours right away, but luckily it wasn't the only one on that piece so it still stays in place.
9498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had almost the exact same toy as a child to help learn the multiplication table. So I bought this for my daughter.

- Farm Animals
4734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loved this and it really helped him to understand the human body in a fun way!
5176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The reviews are right, great game, lots of fun!
2340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. They love stretching to reach all the letters. They'll play the game at least a couple of time each time we pull it out.
4857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are great dot-to-dot books.  I purchased some of these for my 7-year old daughter and she loves them.  There are other dot-to-dots out there that have over a thousand dots.....these are not them.  If you've tried the thousand-dot-to-dots and found them too difficult, these may work better for you.
Overall, I really enjoyed the game. Acquire is simple enough to learn but deep enough that players can form strategies in order to outdo the other. The random tile placement throughout the game by players keeps the replayability high. I quickly forgot about the quality of the player tile trays when I started playing out scenarios in my head on how certain corporations might play out on the board.
106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's ok. But loses it's luster quickly.


3142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Lambs and Ivy Hamper and was very nice. My daughter saw it on the website. Glad I bought it.
Full review (as of late '16)
6745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this was a present for our 8 year old grandson who loves to come over and challenge our skills using our game. Now he can challenge his friends.
7603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift, but it's a classic. What's not to love.
6700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We Love this game. Had it for years and it is still a staple in the camping box
7960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's Candyland!  We wee looking for the original game & couldn't find it local.
9038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Replaced our old deck, nice to have a new one.

2365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Eminent Domain is a game by Seth Jaffee, published by Tasty Minstrel Games.  It is for 2-4 players.  In this game, players will be building an empire in space.  They will be surveying new planets to colonize or they can take them over through the use of warfare.  They will also be producing and trading goods while researching new technologies.  The player that gains the most influence for their empire will be declared the winner.
5749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy cards. Use them often with our kids. Nice images too.
9470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my counseling office and have given it to a friend's children.  They all love it and want to play it again and again.  It's wonderful to watch kids play cooperatively rather than competitively, though it may take a few minutes for some kids to get the point.
7551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GIFT

3970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Mountains of Madness is a great addition to my Eldritch Horror board game.  You get more cards for every deck and the added game board has added more adventures for my board game group to play and enjoy.  This is a top notch expansion. Well done.
Know they will enjoy it for Christmas.
3777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wife and I have been playing the hell out of Netrunner this past week. Great game. Great value (IMO). KInd of wish there was a bigger secondary market for additional copies of cards for deckbuilding, but that's not a huge issue.  Either way. Excellent game.


Will not be fun if you're constantly getting bad rolls (which is rare)


The best thing about this doll is that it pretty much captures the comic. The boss has a slightly bemused look on his face. Other details are nice, with separately sewn shoes, tie, shirt, pants, and coat. The coat in particular is very good - it actually has an opening that runs around to each side, just like a real coat when worn open. The overall look isn't that realistic - this is after all, a comic character - but it comes together well. I will be putting this up on my monitor next to my Dogbert.

Basically, I love this game because it is complex enough to be interesting, but simple enough that you are not spending hours decoding the rules.  You get more game time with this board game than other intense board games.
Some people may not mind the extra work and the game is fairly cheaper than your average Euro-style board game, but c'mon...would it have hurt profits that much to just make the components a little better? Also, the player reference tables were part of the manual itself that I had to cut / tear out. For OCD people like me, the manual just doesn't look right now that pages look torn out of it. I don't see why they couldn't have printed reference sheets separate of the manual.
6079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Formula D is a great party game that gets the entire room cheering. Even for the starter players, there is a set of basic rules that most can grasp very quickly. Every time I have played this game, I've had a great time. I do not enjoy cars or racing but the excitement of this game really gets your adrenaline going.


8758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old son loves numbers & this is perfect for him. The device was easy to hold and is small enough that we brought it on the airplane during vacation.  My son was able to play the game independently and enjoyed the green/red lights to indicate correct/incorrect.

1319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When the kids come to visit this is one of the GO TO games we play. Great fun - we have played for hours.
3098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My little girl loves unicorns and her favorite color is purple.  She loves it and it has held up to little kid abuse very well.
Dungeon Roll is an very fun, quick romp through the dungeon and in some ways the theme really comes through. This is a great filler game or travel game as it all fits in the small treasure box and is playable anywhere anytime as it really only lasts about 15 minutes each game. Designer Chris Darden did a great job of finding a way to mix the luck of dice rolling with strategy and the feel of a dungeon crawl in such a small, compact quick game. This is a winning design and game. Great job Chris and Tasty Minstrel Games.
To begin, the board is placed on the table.  All the role cards are separated into stacks and placed on the board except for the Politics cards.  One of these is given to each player.  Players then receive a warfare and 2 of the following cards:  colonize, research, survey and produce/trade.  Players are randomly dealt a starting planet tile which is placed in front of them face down.  The remaining start planets are returned to the box.  The planet cards are shuffled and placed face down near the board.  Players are randomly dealt a player aid.  The player that receives the aid with the start player on the back of it becomes the first player.  The influence tokens are placed near the board, setting aside the 8 tokens that are different colored.  The technology cards are separated by type and sorted by cost before being placed face up in 3 different piles near the board.  Players now shuffle their starting cards and draw 5 from their deck.  Play now begins.
9300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is worth the extra money compared to other kid drums. The quality is very nice, and it doesn't sound irritating or harsh to me at all. It's very sturdy and has a pleasant sound. I recommend it!
846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is fun! My husband and I both liked it and our other favorite game is Catan.
We played as a family game and my niece loved it too. Bought another one for her and she is happy with her holiday gift now :)
9009	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy, my son loves it, perfect size and sound.
If you're looking for instructions, they are on the inside of the diary and have perforated pages that can be torn out. The diary comes with the puffy paste, 5 custom charms, 4 sheets of squishy stickers, 15 rhinestones and a star tip. The pages have a place where your child can answer questions about herself, like an about me section, a rainbow quiz with questions (If I could be an animal, I'd be a?) and other fun pages. It has a 30 days of Happy where the child writes down something that makes them happy for 30 days in a row.
93	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a hit!  Love Klutz products.  Great company.
If this book had spiral binding, like a notebook, and was larger I would give it 5 stars in a heartbeat.  As it stand now, it's 4 stars for me.  I am still glad I bought it because I really feel like it gave me some good things to practice.
I like this Arkham expansion.
I love the 'No Touching' rule. I let my son give him a kiss on the cheek. With that in place, he should last us quite a while. I recommend this to anyone who has little ones and would like to start a new tradition for the kids. It is fun and a good idea.
I have only been able to attempt the tutorial joust version of the game, and I can see that will be enough for me for awhile.  The tutorial game has you using the Lannister and Stark decks (2 factions), and a prepicked number of cards.  There are 8 factions available, so you can definitely branch out in the game.  Fortunately I have played Magic, the Gathering before, and it has similarities to that, so that made it a little easier.
8309	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I loved the game as a kid.  My daughter was given this new version.  The board is different - more pop than before; cartoony characters.  I found the new board to be distracting.  Otherwise, it's about the same game I remember.

9338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I thought this would be larger, even though the dimensions listed are accurate. It hasn't interested my toddler even though he loves these in music class. However, it is well-made and makes a significantly better sound than the plastic drums normally aimed at that age group.
567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've now had this game for years and it continues to be one of the favorites within the household and among the gaming groups I play with.  Particularly enjoyable for those who also enjoy word games in general, and in particular a good game to introduce to Scrabble fans who may not have experience with many/any other word games.  If there is a flaw it's that outcomes tend to be a bit reliant on one's initial draw - it's common to not make it around for even a whole round before someone is able to "lay down."  That could be a plus, though, if you prefer games that have a fast pace.  And in any case is still a test of skill with creating words given limited resources.
2036	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great story and so much fun!  It definitely keeps the spirit of Christmas alive!  It is as much fun for the adults as the kids!


*Note: While the box says that the game is for three to six players, I don't see why a two player variant couldn't exist...if one doesn't already. I'm fairly confident that two players with an imagination who are not concerned about following the rulebook to the letter could make do. I also came across the older Avalon Hill version's rulebook and there is a section for special rules for two players...so feel free to experiment.
3622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just love it, nice piece to my collection
On a personal note, it is way too much of them to ask us to keep all of those little pieces in some kind of organized fashion for following playthroughs, I mean let's be real, if you're anything like philyodaddy, your method of cleaning up is throwing everything in the box, slamming the lid shut, clapping your hands together, and saying "All in a good day's work".  This is considerably more difficult when there are 689490349 pieces/cards/items included in the game.  The board is also the size of a 12-person dining room table.  So I hope you have one.

3352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	"Twilight Imperium: Rex" by Fantasy Flight Games is a wonderful science-fiction themed game set in the Twilight Imperium Universe.  Up to six players vie for control of Mecatol Rex, the capital city of the declining Lazax Empire.  What's cool here is that each of the races competing for control has unique advantages.  The Xxcha can make predictions about the game, the Federation of Sol knows where the bombarding human fleet will travel to next, the Hacan get money every time anyone deploys troops, etc...  The battle engine is a lot fun, where each side has to commit a set number of troops while adding an officer with an additional combat rating.  Each side is able to pick a traitor, which they can use against one enemy in battle.  This traitor mechanic adds a fun level of paranoia to the game that delivers a unique degree of tension.  The only real complaint is the Hacan advantage seems a little strong, and might lead to some balancing issues with repeated play.  Based on the original "Dune" mechanic, this game is a fun game that will provide hours of entertainment.
636	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a really fun conversation starter, especially on car rides. When we started playing it, we put the little tokens back in the box and never looked at them again. We found it a lot more fun to just ask and laugh at the responses and justifying why you would pick one over the other. Our games usually wandered off the cards whenever someone thought of something, but if you were stuck you could use the cards.
9288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this drum for my niece, who is autistic. It's superbly crafted and the artwork is stunning. It has a more soothing sound than "cheaper drums" and she just loves it!
5965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great arrived as expected
8726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	more accurately, the kids love it.  this is a pretty cool toy...but try and get your kids to say icosidodecahedron 3 times fast...
I use this frequently as a reward in therapy, and bought one for my own kids too.  It is a pretty good fine motor game too, as the plastic cars are light and do knock over fairly easily for the careless fingers.
792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sons favorite game.  Even the adults enjoy it.
3946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these miniatures, I hate the packaging but that is because it is classic packaging that leaves you struggling to get the item out without damaging the included materials (cards in this case).
My seller was Amazon.com LLC
Visual Appeal - 9/10

5010	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I absolutely love this game. An easy mechanic to learn, but wickedly difficult to master. This is a top 3 favorite abstract/puzzle type game. It also a great gateway game, but also has enough depth to keep you coming back. Great for couples and double date nights! You will not regret purchasing this game.
4039	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well packaged, well priced
GERMANY
3137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have never enjoyed a kitchen product more! I have been patiently waiting to be able to buy them through Amazon. They were given as gift for our wedding four years ago. We received many different kinds of food storage options - glass Pyrex bowls with plastic lids, clear Rubbermaid containers with black lids, and these. They are the easiest to use, the easiest to store when not in use, and the BEST at keeping food fresh. I will be completely replacing any Pyrex or Rubbermaid food storage with more of these. So excited to have only these. THEY ARE THE BEST!!

One other thing I'd like to note is that this set is only big enough for maybe two or three people to use at once so if you're wanting it for a larger classroom, I'd suggest multiple sets.
1259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game! I like the new modern more age neutral look of it. It is challenging enough to get the attention of an adult and fun enough to keep a kid entertained for hours. There are so many challenges to complete! It is well worth every penny and a great addition to anyone's game library! Check out my more detailed review with pictures here: [...]

8710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun toy, and keeps you occupied. I like the multi-color!
4206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Which my tiny wizard loved, and when his smaller siblings were around he was just as content
5221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game for the whole family.  Uses color and pattern matching so it's simple, yet it does take some thought for strategy to really maximize points.  My 10 year old has really taken to it and it is nice to see her using her head to plan out some moves!!
(So how much more can one rave about a rather intentionally mundane object?)
Gameplay - 7/10
8357	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this game as a gift, so I didn't open it and test it beforehand :(  Wish I had because it didn't work.  It's used and the battery area is corroded!  Unfortunately it's past the 30 day window, and I can't return it.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!  Lesson learned.
The book has a traditional binding so the pages have and arch to them when you try to lay it out flat to draw in it.  You need to press down on the pages to flatten them and even then there is still a little curve to them.  It makes it tough to draw straight lines at times and since I, and the target audience of this book, aren't that great of artists at this point, it really makes it frustrating to do some of the lessons.
1194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. Dare I say I like it more than the kids even:)
The game requires memory, strategy, and some simple math.  A good time for the whole family!
7870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The board is upside down if you're sitting at a particular angle. They should have stuck with the old format.  Also, it's too busy visually.
She has several banks but this is the first one she has used to put money in.  She even looked all over her room to find money.
...
1339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As thier name implaies, Days of Wonder publish solid games, with outstanding mechanics, fantastic art work and all in a box with pieces to touch and move around! What more can the little kid in my big kid body what more!
9938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm never a good judge of the size of things when I look at the spec's I'm a more visual person so I was really wondering if this was going to be big enough for my 8 month old nephew. But when it arrived I was quite happy and surprised by its actual size. I'm a medium build 160 pound women and it fits me and the little guy with some room to spare if I'm sitting cross legged. Its extremely easy to set up and take down and light weight to carry around the yard with him on my hip. I bought this one because it also has a thin foam mat insert and not many of the others had that. I do wish that it was a little thicker for when we're on hard ground but I usually just put a pillow in behind him as well. It keeps him well shaded and visible while we work in the garden. My only complaint is that I wish the door zipped up instead of having velco because it only took my nephew 5 minutes to learn how to pull the door open and reach out to grab a handful of dirt which is what we didn't want him to do. But if we put his back to the door and spread out all his toys infront of him it usually keeps him busy.
3847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	D.H Daenerys figure...What can I say.  FANTASTIC!!!
Now, as for the Cootie Bugs game&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cootie/dp/B00000IWDO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cootie</a>... that game is horrible!
4336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this word game.  It works well as the game with directions inside, but it is easy to dream up your own solitaire challenges, too.  Accompanying books for sale with Bananagrams in the title offer more challenges to enjoy using these tactilely pleasing letter tiles.
We love this game and would buy it again.


9540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter got this for her 5th birthday. We played it 5 times in a row the night she got it! It is a great game - the rules are somewhat fluid leaving room for creativity and story telling. After playing through once we both understood the rules and had a great time trying to rescue the princess. Since it is cooperative, younger children won't get as frustrated when they "lose" as everyone has lost together. There is no reading required so anyone can play.
4949	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great overall game with good construction. The the game itself I would say is sort of like scrabble but with colors and shapes.
Very cute toy, and it's held up well to my almost 2 year old playing with it. This toy makes a lot of rounds in my house, and has interested all my children; ages 1, 6, 9 and 12. I would buy it again.
Setup
8103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Buy this version! This is like the game we had as kids (well, as close as it gets today.)
5178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good quality,
It's little wonder that 'Ticket to Ride' is one of the most well-known and beloved gateway games. You can't go wrong by picking this one up, but I would highly recommend opting for 'Ticket to Ride: Europe' instead. The 'Europe' variant is superior in almost every way -- a better designed map and additional gameplay mechanisms that add strategic depth, mitigate randomness, and increase overall replayability and enjoyment.
9275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Do you want to make another circle? A circle of tracks under a bridge? this is the set to get.
2622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun, but I would say for 12 and under, seems a little childish.
1364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best. game. ever.  I'm so excited that we finally had enough money to buy this classic, timeless game.  I wish it weren't quite so expensive, but as you see, it was good enough to save my pennies for.  :)
77	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	wonderful product , keeps my kids busy . My daughter made a YODA for her dad :)
9922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The squeaky egg set comes apart instantly, the eggs are very shallow. These eggs are bigger, stay together longer, there are actual shapes that matter. The squeaky ones have a shape only on the bottom of the carton which is just annoying. More to do with these eggs, and we have chickens so good play eggs are important!
6110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	if the description is unclear, this is a plastic copy of a comon transmitter box used for flying model r.c airplanes.  It has most of the functions and controls.  One of the levers on mine doesnt work quite right but its too cheap to send back-postage.
5263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great game. Does not take long to learn the rules. Can take up to an hour to play a game which is great.
We enjoy a game where there is some amount of conversation after the game about the strategies used and reasons for some decisions.  We don't find ourselves doing that much.
9981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grand daughter is 16 months old and loves this tube. She sits in the middle of the tube and giggles.
8368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing family game, my 6year old truly enjoys it!
It's a keeper and definitely worth the money.  A GREAT break from TV!
Here's what I like about the games:
416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 4 year old grandson loves making different things with it. A GREAT learning tool/toy for hands on puzzle solving.
7873	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game as a child and recently purchased it for my nephew.  Not quite the same board as the one from the 80's, but it's still colorful and full of candyland characters (some of which are new).
6945	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	It's just a big calculator nothing else. I thought it would say the numbers when you punched a number or the scanner tool would beep to pretend to scan and it makes no sound
All in all, buy this, the worst that will happen is you get a fun and goofy picture with face paint.
285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game and recommend it highly. Its easy enough to learn and has very clear rules and a cheat sheet that keeps the game flowing. One of the best things is that although each army is customizable most people just play the premade as they are well thought out and it really simplifies and speeds the game up because you do not have to go through the tedium of picking and trying to figure out synergy and which card works best with which. I just wish they would produce some more sets.
What would make this bag better in my personal opinion?

1558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls can't wait to get up and find Jangle... our little Christmas elve
8892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made drum. Sounds great and a good size
9749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the price was great compared to all the other websites and it will attach to any other play tunnel and tents that we have.

5333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is fun and challenging for the whole family and can even compete with the video games because of the personal interactions.
3088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely darling! And perfect for my Granddaughters doll house:)

9131	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Had to send this back.  The smell was so horrible...smelled toxic...didn't want my kids touching it.
5668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this on a lightening deal so I got it at a good price. We love Fluxx and we love Pirate Fluxx now too. This one is so much fun. But, all they're games are fun!
5162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
1420	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like this game!  So much easier to play than the Asian and European versions.  Have enjoyed this with our friends.
574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game and can be played with a wide range of ages and spelling abilities.  I highly recommend it!
He's good for the price, but if I had payed any more for him I would be upset.
But the clever part is in the Goal, Keeper and Creeper cards, which manage to evoke every popular Sci-Fi "vehicle" you've heard of (and maybe some you haven't) without actually requiring a license from any of the IP owners. This is so clever I have no way to describe it.


9033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product! Exactly as expected!
- Each game comes with a set of rules and variations (in case it's been many years since you've played Old Maid!)
8512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a favorite game of a very competetive grandson and his grandma. We are killers when we play and he asks to play it every time he
1865	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Stupid elf. Everyone has to have one, right. And they're all named Chippy. This elf looks like something I made in 7th grade home ec. Not worth the money. Make one yourself.

471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoyed this game. It's fun, and different. It can even be played as a one player, which I like
5897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty fun game.  It's definitely a solo game.  The mechanics are completely you against the dice.  However it's fun and engaging when shared with others.  Unlike most solo dice game, this is not one that plays itself.  There's definitely a decision making process involved with each turn.  The rules and mechanics are simple to pick up and play within a matter of mintues, and yet has the replay value to amuse yourself with by playing again and again.
*Alix T4LB07 (2.5)

9244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommended drum.  My grandson loved it, and so do I.  Great quality, very colorful and durable..comes with two padded drum sticks.
4171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a big fan of Imperial Assault, and was really looking forward to Wave 2's release (and the Boba Fett expansion in particular). I got my copy from GenCon, and while I've not had a chance to play with the figure yet, I thought I'd review the contents and give my initial impressions of the expansion.
8898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very good.
1800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my 4 yo it is our first year doing it.  He loved looking for his elf.  Wonderful hardcover book and the box is great of storage year after year.
1200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What is not to love about this game?
7304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love that my little kids can even play this so the whole family is able to enjoy game night together.
9212	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love brio, everything is great quality and has held up really well to hours of playing. We only buy brio!
883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. Does not hold the attention of my 7 year old, but my 11 year old really enjoyed playing it. My husband and I sometimes play it alone when the kids go to  bed.
I really wish this set had the same quality tiles that my original set did.
3581	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	These aren't cut out around shapes; all squares. Also too small.
2625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!!!
Skullport is so lovingly tempting with its corruption. Allowing the big plays to come easy with just a small sidenote of a corruption, it can get out of hand depending on how badly you want some stuff.
I would say it would be nice if the graphics on the cards were easier to distinguish for when you separate them back out, but that is a minor concern compared to the fun it adds.



9273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Brio tracks are great. Whenever we are unable to complete a circuit, it is for lack of curves, so adding more curved pieces to our collection is always helpful.
I would have NEVER thought my ADHD child would love this game.  I knew I did but she isn't someone who sits down and concentrates on anything.  I don't know what makes this game special but it certainly accesses a part of her brain that other things don't.


7897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute but prefer original, the game board is pretty busy, hard to focus on path.
4242	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	looking forward to playing this, monty p. is a huge favorite
2230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very fun game and my 8yr old grandson played with us .. like I said very fun and will be laughng on some of the answers that people come up with :-)
5218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game, if not a bit time consuming.
Then, like most Klutz books, they go on to explain how you can do pretty much the same thing WITHOUT their supplies, going freehand.
-everything is pregenerated and accounted for (literally pick up a character and go!)
AND EVERY TIME YOU THINK THE GAME IS JUST ABOUT OVER, YOUR KID FALLS DOWN A CHUTE AND HAS TO START OVER ALMOST AT THE BEGINNING. You will find yourself lying to your children, telling them a "2" means "Move 4", and secretly scribbling over the chutes at midnight with a fat-tipped indelible black marker while spouting gibberish and drooling.
1193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.  Wish more than 5 could play at a time.
4664	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 yr old loves this.
Product- Harbour
4627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like to play scrabble, you will like bananagrams. It's fast and fun as well as challenging to play.
There is a movement in education that  promotes the development of something called "critical thinking."  This game is an excellent source of examples of critical thinking  exercises.  Here are a few to try on for size:
Price-$40
This is seriously the best coloring app I have ever seen and I absolutely love all of the options it gives you. My almost 3 year old daughter plays with it every single day and it has quickly become one of her favorite apps. She has always loved coloring but this app and stylus has really taken her love of coloring to a new level!


822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is to much fun. We play almost every day. The kids love the cut throat aspect and set out to block each other at every turn.
7218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson's first board game - he loves it!!
7648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is still too young to do math, but I hope this will be great as she ages and starts learning more math. The calculator is a real one, which is so nice. The note pad doesn't stay on, but this isn't a big deal to me. The money crumples easily, but it's just paper, so this is to be expected. Also, it's the same size as normal money, so you could potentially use real money if you wanted.
2412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product!
Our kids beg to play this game with us.

My recommendation is to look at some of the video reviews before you purchase to see if the style of play is to your liking.
Gameplay - 7/10
The cards are beautifully designed with Celtic calligraphy, and the game is clever. You play a total of eight hands in which you progressively get dealt more cards, until you reach ten. The challenge is to make words (short or long, it doesn't matter) out of the letters in your hand. You have to use all of the letters in your hand and discard one card to go out. After that, each player has one more opportunity to make words. Then, points are tallied.

720	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game.  Not quick!  Don't get me wrong, it's nothing like Risk!  If everyone knows how to play and you rush them all (next person starts their turn while previous person is still laying their trains down on the board, etc) and you go super quickly you can play a game in around 30 minutes.  A leisurely pace takes 45 to an hour, depending on how much explaining you need to do or if you do a practice round and on how many players are participating.
3270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Game arrived undamaged and in great shape
My whole family plays this game - myself, husband, 8 year old, and 6 year old.  My 8 year old does suprisingly well creating his own crossword, and my 6 year old just works on creating words without having to put them into a crossword.  It's easy to create your own set of rules for younger players.
2 astromech upgrades: R7-T1 and R7 astromech.
8355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the grandkids love playing this game.  the range in age from 5 yrs to 17 yrs.
7627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game and the kids love it.  Keeps them entertained.
Pros:
aside from that being my only negative, its a fun little introduction to a system that many call the 3.75e. i like what i read and its very simple and easy to grasp definitely recommend to anyone who's interested in trying a tabletop RPG and interested in trying Pathfinder.
9127	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and sound. Looks like picture.  Comes with two drum sticks. Grandchild enjoys beating on it.

CandyLand is a classic for a reason.  Some of the enhancements they made (not requiring a kid to draw a certain color before getting off the licorice patch) are good upgrades.  The other changes haven't hampered it, and this game will still be a classic in another 50 years.
8112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had this game as a kid and wanted to get it for my kids.  They love it.  A little complicated for the 3 year old but my 7 year old loves it.  Fun family game.
8551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game and good quality.
4395	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Bananagrams! This game is fun for Scrabble lovers and non-lovers alike. It's very portable, so perfect for bringing on vacation or to a friend's house. If you want a long game, you can play a bunch of consecutive rounds, but if a short game is more up your alley you can limit it to just one or two rounds.

Pros:
6561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun entertaining game for the family and friends. Very challenging, my husband is a Mr. know it all and said he could start off on expert and beat the Rush Hour lol, well after 35 minutes he quit lol. We love this game!
New Orleans to Duluth (goes north and south through the center of the US)
6157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well built metal frame helicopter. The gyroscope makes it very stable and easy to control. No more spinning out of control.
2884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the cutest addition to all of the Llama Llama books. My grandchildren always want to hold him while they listen to the stories. Glad I purchased!
8053	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our son loves playing this game!!
 4. If you or someone else playing has a tendency to become paralyzed when there are several choices, you may need to find a way to counteract that in this game. You will have many different options every turn.

4033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This expansion is super fun and while I do not use the Y wings a lot, the Hunters are great ships and would save you time if you are trying to build a Scum swarm squad (I hate swarms but I do love to play against them). Get it, you will have fun.
2362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This box contains two decks of cards, each about the size of regular playing cards.
8685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesome toy

It's a slightly different spin on the crawler boardgame ... you are more or less compelled to take bold actions every turn, else you will get crushed in the unending wave of aliens, who are not anywhere near as squishy as you are. The basic mechanic is that your hand of cards is your bank of actions and your life. You can discard a card and take a basic action like move or perform a basic attack. or you can do what is on the card (in order, with little or no modifications) and hopefully have a big turn, but you must keep enough cards in your hand to soak damage, react to attacks and help your allies out when they need a hand. This game is divided into areas as opposed to the common grid, so movement, range and line of sight are a bit atypical (kudos for a line of sight ruler for determining LOS, instead of counting squares). The game certainly has some Ravenloft DNA (the enemy AI is on rails, but having  a semi random deck is nice - no overlord is needed) as well as descent (weapons/abilites will get triggered off of symbols on the dice for a bit of interest and to make the human soldiers not so 'samey')
5085	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game ever!
7132	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is solar powered and only works when I'm using it outside in the sun it does not work inside of my house. I did not buy this to use outside.

7366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Can Candy Land be anything but 5 stars? :)

8719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I cannot give a review, since it was a gift. My grandson told me that he just loved it.

Distinction - 6/10

5258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Terrific strategy game, simple, easy to learn, but it really makes you think!  This is great for me to play with the kids as my visual processing skills are not the best.  Perhaps I'm making new neural connections.  :)
6909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ah, it's so nice when, as parents, our kids start getting into games that we can play that don't drive US nutty (Candyland, Hi Ho Cherrio, etc).  Here's a game that I can play with my 7 and 9 year olds but I have played with my husband as well.

7564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another game for the pre-school / kindergarten set - as classic as it gets

Game play takes between 30 and 90 minutes depending on the number of players and the speed at which they make decisions.
Stop rolling? (ooh! I can choose this more boring option instead of rolling again!)
2156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for my 11 year old. I liked that he could also play this game by himself. Great for football fans!
9257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As advertised great sturdy drum
The colorful cardboard figures are thick and sturdy with plastic bases.  The cards are average quality, non-textured.  If you're looking for a fast-paced, humorous family strategy game that goes way beyond "Sorry" and plays in under an hour, this one definitely deserves to be on your table.  The play mechanics are very similar to "Kill Doctor Lucky," but if the "killing" theme deters you from picking up that game, this one will not disappoint.
1103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. My 8 year old loves it and my 5 year old can play with just a little help. It is a lot of fun and doesn't get old!
8306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this game when my daughter was about 3.5. It took her a very little while to grasp the concept, although I do agree it was hard to make her understand when she was stuck on the spaces where you can't move for some time. However, she is almost 5 now and she still asks to play it ALL THE TIME! I'm glad it doesn't take too much thought to play that way I don't have to feel like I'm playing allllll the time. I have to say that it is a very enjoyable game and its even more fun when you get the whole family in on it.
We've lost the game board, but still pull this game out and just grab a card and start talking.
Use a hot glue gun to hold the dog together. I used superglue, but my puppies are a little fragile.
My only complaint of sorts? I wish that there were books available for each add on set that is available similar to the book you can buy for the original Gears! set. And maybe there are books out there, but I haven't found them.
9637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
7258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game!  Fast paced
1748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite holiday traditions. My children waking up and trying to find where he is now. I think it's a fun tradition for children and parents alike.
Gameplay can take over an hour plus, it all depends on how many players you have and what adventure you are playing.  This is pretty much a pure dungeon crawler so if you looking for something else like a storyline or true roleplaying this isn't the game for you. Many part of this dungeon crawler is random, like placing down the tiles and picking monster to fight, so difficulty depends on luck of the draw than anything else. Combat is very easy, just role a 20 sided dice and add any hit modifier to your role to hit, if the total is higher than the monster AC then you hit. You should be able to learn the rule after the first adventure. If you never played D&D games, this is a great place to start.


-while simple to play/teach, there is enough strategy in the game to keep more experienced players 'in' the game
1272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I always thought this game was seemingly babyish, what, with its title and images of a map with train markers.  However, I played it the other day with a friend of mine and absolutely loved the game.  I was so wrong about my initial assumption, this is a very fun and thought-provoking game.  It requires strategy to complete your objectives, as well as requiring you think one step ahead of your opponent(s) so that if they happen to block your preferred path, you can still complete it with the most points while still saving the most amount of trains.  A very competitive game, and a HUGE board.  Seriously, the biggest board I ever had in a game.  Very fun game for the family, or for friends looking for a little bit of a different game than the traditional monopoly or life.  Seriously, get this game and you will not be disappointing.  Amazing and extremely fun game.  A little difficult to learn at first, but play one game just for fun and you will understand it, as that is how I learned; at first my head was exploding with all the information being thrown at me, but halfway through the first game, I was really grasping the rules.  One of my new, favorite games.  How much did I liked it?  I bought it the next day.

6736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!  My six year old grandson loves puzzles of all kinds.  Rush Hour is perfect for him.  I watched him play and was amazed at the problem solving involved.  He has only done the beginning level.  I would guess that the intermediate level may be a bit hard for him.  That is the beauty of the game.  It will be fun for a long time.  I must admit that after he went home, I played the game that evening.  It is challenging and I have only done the beginning level.  Wonderful game!
3210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great expansion. Makes Gloom even more immersive and competitive.
Definitely going in a garage sale after the party.
3574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love owls and owl stickers are super fun and cute. You get a lot. Great for gift basket filler too.
3603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!  Super Satisfied!!!


9957	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We tried out a tunnel at a Gymboree class and she loved it. I like the mesh so I can see what she is doing without sticking my head in. I have it propped between pillows so it doesn't roll as much. My daughter is 7 months old and it looks safe, I am not sure what small pieces they are referring to on the warning label. My sister gets in the tube with her and chases her out. It folds down easy and doesn't take up a lot of space. Using it indoors when we are forced to hibernate for the winter!
8075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who doesnt love a good game of Candy Land.  Im excited to share this item with family.  Who's up for family game night!
9668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect with our Thomas tracks! My child loves it!
4484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great group game! I love that it is so compact too, not like the big box games that take up so much space even though they don't fill their box.


4824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my 5 year old daughter for her birthday. She is fascinated by the human anatomy and plans on being a doctor. She loves taking him apart and putting him back together. My only complaint is that the scissor tweezers broke coming out of the box.
3145	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i Got it for our golden... it's easy to do her hair also my 4 year old daugther could help by this comb too ... i like it
7952	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Please see the reviews of this game from the other sellers on Amazon.  Most buyers call it a piece of junk.  Also check prices of the various sellers.
2237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The hilarious Say Anything, a party game that is equal parts of two great party games (Wits & Wagers and Apples to Apples) finally comes out with a family edition and it was worth the wait. This riotous game has players coming up with the best answer for a random question, with one player being the judge and the others coming up with an answer that will most appeal to the deciding player. The family edition adds questions suitable for the whole family and will leave you in stitches, like the best party games out there. It plays quickly, people will learn it in two minutes and has a huge repeat-play potential. We bring it out for every family party and it's always a hit. You'll want to check out Wits & Wager Family Edition, too, which is another must-have party game.
6738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my goddaughter for her Christmas present.  I bought another one for myself.  Love this game.  Even comes with it's own bag to store the pieces in.  If you finish the deck, there's more decks:  Rush Hour 2, 3, and 4.  I don't own an iPad so this came in handy for my flights visiting my fiance in London (U.K.) flying from Hawaii.  This fit fine in my backpack.  If it doesn't fit in your backpack, you can always use a carabiner and attach it to the Rush Hour game bag and attach it to one of the handles on your backpack.
9159	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased based on high reviews. Thought it would be great for 3&5 year old grandkids. I tried it out and was frustrated by the difficulty in getting gears to mesh easily... Plus it's pretty noisy. Over $7 for return shipping! Disappointed.
The only minus is that the deck is double sized (110 cards) and so shuffling is a bear.  Would also have been nice if they included a container that held the whole deck (instead it comes with a tray that has slots for 2 half decks.)
145	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A beautiful story, wonderfully written.  A classic tradition for Easter.
324	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game! good strategy and lots of fun.
7941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice game 

1336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I brought a bunch of friends over to play board games and none of them had even heard of this.  Within only a few minutes, they all fully understood the game and a couple of them are planning to buy their own copies of it now.  It's a great game and worth the buy for playing with friends or family.
305	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was not a huge 4th Edition D&D game fan when it came out.  That confession done, Wizards of the Coast and Hasbro have won me over with their fantastic gaming props.
There's a quick play option and also a "party" option which simply presents questions and lets people answer without using the board at all.
8286	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 7 year old daughter says, "It's fun and I'm really good at it so I like to play it a lot. I'm really good at board games.
5360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this game based on other reviews, my 3 and 4 year old loved it.  they may not always play the game the way it was intended, but the possibilbities are endless for matching and sorting . . . a key development for their age!
6708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game for kids and adults....makes you think and strategize....
9228	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This toy is a disappointment, the kit is overpriced for what it contains & the function of the rocket is terrible. Building the kit went fine & is enjoyable (which is half the reason to buy kits such as these) & the theory of operation is sound. The problem we had with the rocket is the stopper pops out just as soon as you set it down thus there is no time for pressure to build and the thing just goes about 10 feet into the air. If I try to tighten the stopper it slips out of the bottle opening again & again. I'm going to try to roughen up the bottle opening & the rubber stopper (or try a different stopper) to see if we can get it to stay in place - if this works the rocket should fly much better.

2948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful paper.  Made a wonderful recipe book.  Quality paper.
We also like that the play time wasn't too long, we can complete a long game in about 35 minutes or shorten the playing board for a 15 minute game.  We have also skipped the playing board altogether and just used the DVD and playing features to have a mini competition, just to see who can get the answer first.
One will suffice generally. If you're just a collector that's all you'll probably want. If you're a Rebel player, if you use one it's likely an ace and, given its current issues, it's rare to see more than two at once (and one comes in the red base game box, if you need a second get that for Luke not a 2nd of this).
545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is addictive, and our family members who can't compete at Scrabble or Boggle sometime win this game, and they often request to play it.  My husband and I play at least 2 games of this every evening.  It takes about 10-12 minutes for the two of us to play a game.
8005	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You have to love a toy that does not require batteries and works right out of the box! Operates just like a solar calculator and comes with the play money.
1173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have played this game again and again with my 11,8,7,6, and even my 4 year old! (with help from Mom and Dad of course) it is interesting and keeps their interest for the whole game was hesitant but I am SO glad we bought this game thank you!
2373	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A+
2736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great way to tie books in with the animals--my grandkids loved these!!


102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Clients enjoy it!  The card questions have brought up good discussions and insight.

8232	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Bought for my 5 year old grandson.  It's made much more cheaply than I remember from this game many years ago. It's very frustrating because parts fall down and the sequence very rarely works. Don't waste your money.
7153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a riot. The more people playing the better. I cant wait until I have another opportunity to play.
4654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun human anatomy set for my kids.  They love taking out the organs and bones and reading about their structure and function!
7927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 6 year old granddaughter is enjoying this game.
9723	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift. They loved it.
3949	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very detailed sculpture of the Slave 1. I got this to use with my Star Wars RPG, but these ships make me want to play the X-Wing game too!
8545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My six year old son wanted one of these for a while now. I ordered this one for him for Christmas and he loves it. I like the smaller size, but now he says he wants the big one that he has always wanted. I opted for the small and am glad I did because I personally think this is plenty big for him to toss around and play with in our house.
5140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game, lots of fun.  Almost everyone we have introduced to this game has bought one.

1512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This board game seems to go over very well with anyone that I introduce to it.  I have yet to find a person that does not enjoy its simplicity and strategy.  Don't pass this one up!

7469	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The  game was  in  worse  condition  than  described  by  seller,  the game  pieces  were  falling  apart  as well as  the  box.  The  game  itself  was  easy  enough  for  my  5  year to  understand  but  its  hard  to  figure  out  where  the chutes  and ladders  begin  and  end.
4399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game. Everyone either loves or hates this game. It can get a little stressful and overly competitive as everyone is yelling "peel," but it's a blast! I love how portable it is. We bring it whenever we travel.
we'd looked and looked
8883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I haven't been juggling for long, and most of my juggling experience is contact juggling, but these balls are suitable for a beginner. The size is decent, the build quality isn't TOO terrible, the main problem is consistency. The fillings can vary pretty greatly, and so can the shapes. This shouldn't be too much of an issue for beginners doing simple cascades, showers, etc, but once you get into more complicated tricks it can be an issue. I ordered 2 sets and I ended up getting 3 that are perfectly even, still cheaper than a single high quality beanball.

4665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this. She's only 5, but is able to pull out the body parts and place them on the mat. It's nice because we are able to talk about the body part, what it does, and I think even Im learning some things. Not sure if she's ready for the FULL on conversation, but this human body is really nice and accurate. She loves using the tools, as she thinks she's really doing surgery. Putting it all back in, correct, is just as fun.

8144	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for a family fun time retro style.
9578	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	saw this at school being used so got one (and the multiplication one as well) for home.

 My ball has all the same colored "Whacks",(red) ;but it comes in several colors and even in multi colors,where the various colors would add a whole other dimension to the creativeness of "Ball Of Whacks".This product is excellently made,will provide endless hours of enjoyment,relaxation and creativeness for anyone who picks it up.



4194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	exactly as described.  its under $15 and its small - you get what you pay for so I don't understand some comments.  mine spins fine and looks great on a bookcase or desk for decoration or to reference from time to time.  its exactly as i expected, no complaints at all.  loo
5173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun for all, we like it a lot
The cards are beautiful - be sure to take time during your fun family evening to notice them!

2850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 3 year old granddaughter loves her lama.

"I did warn you not to trust me." - Littlefinger
Kids who visit for playdates also love to play with this toy. I highly recommend it as a good investment as an open-ended imagination-play toy.
2823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandson absolutely LOVES the book and asks me to read it repeatedly.  I have the "Pete the Cat" stuffed toy and he plays with it while I read the stories to him (and I actually was considering making a shirt with velcro buttons to reinact with the story).  After seeing the puppet, I just had to get it.  It is a nice size and is easy to maneuver.  My only disappointment is that only one of the buttons pops off (it is attached by a string so it won't get lost or disappear in little one's mouth) which I feel won't be as big a hit with the kiddies when reading the story because in the story, all 4 buttons pop off to reveal his belly button, and I believe my grandson will be trying to pop off all of the buttons and become disappointed when that doesn't happen.  I guess I will still make a yellow shirt for the stuffed toy where the four buttons can pop off, and will sew a "belly button" on the toy as well.  That way, it flows with the story in exact detail and my grandson will be able to reinact.  Thus, that's the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  I think it will still be a hit with the little ones and would recommend.  I feel it would be great to have in a classroom for a Preschool or Kindergarten teacher story aide.

7871	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Classic
Super Easy to Learn
Also, the backside is covered with charts and tables perfect for setting the die rolls they have to make JUST out of their reach.
379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves her stickers! Awesome seller! Thank You! :)
The game has many pros as well, beautiful art.  Exciting and fast paced game play.  And try and play it and not hear the movie in your head!
8861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sweet sound, but beware of a 9 month old crawling on top of it.

3609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a Walking Dead fan, this is a great item to have.  Will be getting a second one.
5377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I came across this game about a year ago and read the reviews. I decided I was going to buy it, and added it to my wishlist for future reference. A few days ago I ordered it and after it arrived, my boyfriend and I sat down to play it. I'm 31, and he's 33. We played two games, both of which he hung me out to dry, but we had fun playing. The game might start out simple but it quickly because one of strategy and is a definite challenge. It reminds me a lot of Scrabble, but with colors and shaped instead of words. I can see this game getting a lot of rotation in the future. Great buy!

* The children cannot touch the elf or he will lose his magic


6277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend absolutely loved it. Thanks so much! Super rare plush for a fair price. Couldn't believe I found it for so cheap!

The worm gear transmission acts as a drag brake, but sounds like crap so don't be worried when it makes loud noises!
2342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My ESL kids like this game.  However, we can hardly ever win all the cards when you have to put your ear to one item.  Maybe they should change that  to a different body part.  It is a good twist on Twister and the kids can practice their alphabet and vocabulary.
5517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We received these as a gift for our almost 3-year-old.  The designs on the cards are pretty and nice to look at instead of the usual cartoon-y memory games.  There are a lot of cards, so I usually lay out half of the cards instead of the whole pack at once.  They fit in the box if they're all put in carefully; not sure if they'd fit it you just toss them in the box in a pile.
7346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this game is crazy and chaotic and fun. the goal is to get of the cards of the same category, trading to find the last cards. Its really fast paced and is extremely fun. each game shouldnt last longer than 5min. its really fun go buy it.
886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for a grandson's 11th birthday.  later in the day several were playing...11 year old up through age 52...all with engineers' minds...They loved it...kept them busy for a few hours !!  Later  the 11 year old played with another group of adults who said it is a great game.
9694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	fun to have around and install on a set of train tracks.  used various toy cars, from hotwheels to large and i mean large vehicles to cross this railway even when the toys couldn't fit through.
8213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	CHILDREN LOVED THE GAME
This Fourth Edition takes a basic "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" approach to this classic boardgame, keeping the Second Edition essentially intact but introducing some of the better fixes from the Third Edition.  The board itself is identical, although enlarged and with updated artwork.  The card text is almost unchanged (including characters who "plod off to the discard pile") although none of the original art was retained.
Another excellent option over the USA version is the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Days-of-Wonder-Ticket-To-Ride-Marklin/dp/B000EYF7RS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Days of Wonder Ticket To Ride - Marklin</a>&nbsp;(Germany) version that adds passengers you can use to score crazy bonus points that add a whole new strategy to the game; unlike the stations in Europe, however, the passenger mechanic is not easily integrated into other editions. Another nice thing about Marklin is that it offers the most balanced map with a near equal distribution of long and short routes which are split up on the left and right sides of the vertical map. With Marklin, completing a ton of short routes is just as viable a win strategy as long routes in the USA base sets.
9621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as described.  Great addition to our wooden train set.  But you have to be able to construct some type of road as well as the train track.

812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's rare to find a game that everyone in the family loves.  This is that game.
7211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good for my son. Both he and his elder sister love it.
4742	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	best gift ever he love it
The theme in the set is outdoor adventures, and the handful of scenarios are made more interesting by the addition of some new mechanics that do not include any suggestion that they can back-ported into the original game - there is likely no quick fix for the lengthy set-up of those scenarios you already know and love, just a mechanism in which the set-up is handled in a radically different way than usual in the five scenarios in this box.
5826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas Gift for the grandsons and each one love doing them.  They are ages 11-14.
so we bought our girl

1735	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids are crazy over it.
4010	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This one expands the previous expansions of Arkham. If you haven't already purchased a number of the expansions (at least 4) it's probably not worth the money, but if you have almost all the other expansions and are looking for a way for them to all integrate together better...this is a great way to do it.
4663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This has provided hours of entertainment for my child. The only thing I didn't like is that my child was able to separate the skeleton top from the skeleton bottom and it was not supposed to come apart where it came apart. (That was obvious when it would not go back together like the rest of the pieces.) Would be nice if the entire top was made to come apart from the entire bottom. Hard to explain and is nothing that some super glue won't remedy, I hope.


8490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gamewright games are always fun. This is a card game that even the youngest kids can play with a little help once they have a little number sense.
If these are a prelude to a new release of Talisman City then this will be worth your while.  Note that this update is only required if you own&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Talisman-The-Magical-Quest-Game-Newest-Version-2007/dp/B000WSAEKQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Talisman The Magical Quest Game (Newest Version 2007)</a>&nbsp;however if you like the game the way it is and don't plan on using any future updates then you can live without it.  The game seems just as good either way.
6843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We can highly recommend Mastermind for young teens; our grandson has had a blast playing it with his buddies.  They have a nice compartment for the pegs, a great plus, and the whole game is compact; great price too!
6912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this game to play with my husband on our couple's game night.  It is not as challenging as I thought it would be.  We have guessed the code within 7 or 8 tries every time we've played.  Nevertheless, we have fun playing it and it's a great change from some of the other games we play.
Hardware: Clone Chip, Monolith, Feedback Filter, Omni-Drive

9081	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a piece of junk. If I could give this a "0 stars" rating, I would. It is shameful to even waste trash bin space on this one. Seriously. Yes, it really IS that bad.
Well be playing this one for years to come.

5348	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A group of us played this recently at an "end of the world" party a few weeks ago and found it fun but challenging. At first it seems like it might be too easy, but once you truly understand the rules, strategy becomes very important. Not sure that youngsters would understand all the nuances, but they could still play with some adult assistance. It doesn't take a long time to play (we finished three games in about an hour).

If I had any complaint to make about the game, it is that even though there is a bit of flexibility on picking up route cards, if you get skunked with a bunch of faraway and distant routes that are difficult to connect, it's going to severely hamper your ability to win the game. The designers mitigate the randomness by allowing you to toss one of the three starting routes away, but if you do, of course you may be at a disadvantage against another player that picked three great routes with proximity to each other.
I love how easily the paints blend to create new colors, how well the sponge works to create dramatic effects, how well the paint brushes on, and how it dries quickly without feeling heavy or oily, and stays on for hours without cracking. This is quality stuff. We've already had a blast with it, and are looking forward to many more happy hours of facepainting.

- Once you deduce what each player has you must determine the best way to  use this to your advantage.
I feel like this game could easily have been packaged the same way a card deck would be, and also that there is no reason for the thickness of the cards. Deduct 1 star because of the packaging issue, but otherwise a great game to add to your collection.
Set 3:
493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game
2049	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This just made our Christmas.  I have a day care center and my kids loved this elf. We had heard of it, but was unable to find it in our area, so we ordered it. It came very quickly. We used it everyday for Christmas........believe me.....it works!!!!  The story is kid friendly and the pictures are very bright and colorful. It also comes in a case that keeps the elf and book safe all year.
7371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game arrived quickly and in perfect condition the game is like I remember as a kid there is nothing wrong with it I absolutely love it it's a beautiful board!
6397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Dilberts Boss, he makes me laugh in the comics with his sarcasm and "charm" and the way he kind of turns a blind eye to Dilberts. This little stuffed figurine is great and sits on my desk when I am working so I can smile. He is well made with no ripping at the seams and he is soft. My daughter even liked the way his feet danced when she played with him.
2449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it. I still have a 15x15 rotate board from the 80's, and it just takes up too much table space. (21 inch diagonal rotate arc)

It took a while for her to get the objective of the game and how to play, but now it is one of her favorites too!
i would highly recommend this. it is pretty loud, of course. but you can put a pillow under it if you are getting a headache (LOL) and that helps a lot. either way, the sound is great- booming, naturally. but it sounds high quality and resonates well, not cheapo or tinny. it's like a pow wow drum. my husband really likes it too. we love to drum around some, even though we aren't serious drummers, there is something quite therapeutic about pounding on a drum.
This version is even wilder than regular Fluxx, with more changes and quirks.  If you are a science fiction fan, you will laugh out loud over some of the cards and actions associated with them.



1 system upgrade: Advanced Sensors

Positives
3852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	For what you're getting here this is a very good price if you compare to other figures for just a few more dollars you get a finely sculpted detailed figure though technically it's more of a statue but most people that buy game of thrones figures are probably getting them to display and not to actually play with anyway but this statue is nicely detailed is about 9 inches and comes with removable dragon eggs and chest my biggest gripe is that the face sculpt does not resemble the actress Emilia Clark at all really that goes the same for the game of thrones legacy line of action figures for some reason these figure companies can not get her likeness right other than that a great collectible and comes with my recommendation if you're a game of thrones fan
9532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Just what we needed to help our children learn their multiplication table!

There are several different advanced rules.  Each gang can have different starting resources, and you can play with the "hardcore" cards and tiles.  There are also suggestions for rules variations for people who want to mix it up even more.
3991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great dice system that is unique and allows for great Star Wars fun.
4183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This thing is a beast!
1214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am ADDICTED to this game. Since getting it a couple of weeks ago my bf and I have played it almost every day.
6014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My friends and I got together to play this game - we had just botched an attempt at playing the Myst boardgame (we really should have all fully read the directions before playing that one) and were looking for something to play that didn't require us to spend hours going through the instructions.  We pulled this out and skimmed the directions like normal.
The differences from the original are not huge, which is a good thing, because the successful formula that made Say Anything fun is retained. But overall this is an ideal choice for families and groups with children.
9731	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game it's a lot of fun to play with 4 to 6 people.
2) The game works best for players aged 10 and up (though the box says 8 and up).  Our 9-yr-old was able to pick up on this game, but it takes a bit longer to play than her gaming attention span is at the moment, and she likes to play games.
6467	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my 8 year old but mom and dad have fun playing too!
Still, this game is fantastic.  If you are a fan of Monopoly and want to branch out onto the next level, I recommend this classic game.

The second expansion, which we don't always use, also adds in a sort of "sell your soul" dynamic where the buildings provide resources as even greater rates than the base game buildings, but can potentially cost victory points at the end of game.

I've had it 3 weeks now, and it's been played 5 times.  I've no doubt when we have company it will get pulled out again.  This would be GREAT for slumber parties.
Just to explain - Quiddler is just a deck of cards with letters and point values on them (and they are beautifully illustrated) - it's a no brainer that you can just deal out cards and see who can make the most words, or the highest point words - it's basically like a deck of Scrabble cards.  And, the game is fun if you play this way.
2545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The product was exactly as discribed and pictured. Arrived quickly and has been an exellent addition to our game collection.
It makes the shower very slippery for the next person, so be sure to squirt the shower floor with a cleanser of some sort when you're done.
The alliances you form in this game are a major part of the game play. You can try and align with a player but beware as there are no rules to the players actually doing what is agreed to. They may be secretly plotting with someone else at the same time. While you may align with someone, you are never allowed to show hidden order tokens or silent bids. You also may not bribe anyone with power tokens, dominance tokens, cards or any other type of piece of the game. This part is all about trust and not for the weak of heat.
3591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute. You get a lot for your money. Plus they actually stick...whereas so many stickers seem to just fall off! We used them to make, "Thank You Snow Very Much" cards for friends and family this Christmas! Will purchase again.
I had the misfortune in my first game to open the action by setting fire to the two rooms in which one could pick up gear, and every effort to address this state of affairs was stymied by the deplorable failure of just about everything else between the crew and these rooms. Half the crew survived, but only one room in the sub was dry and not on fire by then, and the reactor was halfway and more to cooking off. Don't get me started on those wretched engines that almost took us to Davy Jones's Locker every third turn or so. It was the most fun I've had in ages.
7515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my sister for Christmas. We use to play it when we were younger and she was so excited to get it, memories.

7122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun.
Though I am not a Janeite, I have read the novels and enjoyed them - and I even participate in the whist games my Janeite relatives sometimes hold on Sunday evenings.
Players have a town mat in front of them. This shows which buildings they have built. The buildings on the far left are entry level. To make buildings, you must have both the appropriate resources and have built all the other buildings to left of the desired building. Thus, long term strategy is required when deciding which building paths a player will take.
5036	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Fun game gave as a gift. Was missing some game pieces. sad cause this was gift for the whole family. can anything be done?we just open it. Thank You JimL
5401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! My 3-5 year olds loved it, and my wife and I loved it. We have played it 4 times and we got it 2 days ago. It has great educational value for the young ones with matching shapes and colors, and counting. For the older ones, the strategy comes in to play, and point counting can be involved. I highly recommend this one as does my wife who likes very few games.
The illustrations are vivid and well done.  Yet not so overpowering that they take over the board. The main course to the palace is easy to follow as my 2.5 year old can attest to as he runs the pieces along the path to the castle.
Overall, the game is portable, fast-paced, and often amusing.
1029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game, model the possible actions for each turn before play so everyone is on the same page.  Took several hours with 3 players, but we loved every minute.  Friendly competition reigned, but nothing as obnoxious as Risk.  Will play again.  Only criticism: for 3, there were not enough cars to cover every track,  which was our objective.
Con... F.r.a.g.i.l.e. Much like the Y and B Wing or TIE Defender, double check it's construction and connection points ASAP, make sure if it's defective you can still return for one that isn't broken. When you store it, be extra careful. It's beautiful and unique looks come at the price of not being as sturdy as a simpler models like say a Scyk or Headhunter.
7789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a 5 year old boy and 3 year old girl to share. They both LOVE it!! It's an excellent teaching tool for my five year old to learn monetary values and using a calculator. My 3 year old is learning sorting and counting.
Very highly recommended.


1295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just love this game!  Bought it for my birthday and it is always one of the games we play during game night!

7686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just what we were looking for.  Nice weight to it, just enough buttons for a 2 year old.  I would encourage to purchase extra coins those were the first to get lost.
6940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter loved it, but the sound that was supposed to work when the credit card is slid through didn't hardly work.


One of our treasured finds is "Ticket to Ride."  It is no mystery to board game enthusiasts that this is a great game, but just in case you don't run in those circles or visit those web sites, here's the scoop on this game.
9157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler son attends a weekly music class that uses this brand of drum.  He was becoming resourceful in repurposing many household items into drums (most notably, baking pans...thanks, Gram...) despite a couple of toy drums he has.  The wood-on-wood or wood-on-metal was driving me a little crazy.
4294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality stuff for my child
The quality of the cards, fake gold pieces and power counters are good, nothing feels cheap or flimsy.  The guide and rule books seem well written and should answer almost all questions.  If not, there is an amazing game site, www.boardgamegeek.com that has a whole forum for this game.  It is also nice that this is not a collectible card game where some people can get rare/valuable cards and you spend too much money trying to get them also.  Instead all the future Chapter Packs will include 60 cards with no random cards.  Awesome.  Well, going to try and play another round with my child.
2979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I accidentally got some paint on a switch cover getting ready for company in a few days. I had zero free time to go purchase another so I ordered this with my free two day shipping. It arrived exactly as described and saved the day!
1461	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't like this game because you can make your strategy at the beginning of the game and one person can make a move that will totally stop you from succeeding. I don't like games where you cant follow your strategy through the game or that each player has one movement per turn. This was just a frustrating game for me, even when I won.
6230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What more can I say, my grandson loves it.  Not too complicated to handle and yet a lot of fun for the pilot.  The family reviews were so good that my husband has purchased another one for a godson.
7891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Receive item expeditiously and was a Christmas present. My sister loved it.
2311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our boys go nuts every morning looking for Christopher.  They want him to tell Santa what good boys they are and how excited they are for Christmans.  They also say "don't tell the elf," when they have done something naughty! Tons of fun for the paretns as well.
4652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great educational product for kids. My daughter enjoys learning about the human body especially with this interactive model giving her the sense of being a doctor. She now knows the organs and major bones with the help of the diagram and text included with this kit.
1203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
Otherwise game pieces seem sturdy and workable.
The constant shifting of the rules and goals makes for insane game play. Add in the "anti-Keeper" Creeper cards and this version of Fluxx is even nuttier than the original.
1960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have 5 grandkids and I couldn't resist buying an elf for them. It is such a cute tradition for a family. It is fun to see where they will put him to watch over the kids. I highly recommend it for parents or grandparents!


6731	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I think the recommended age for this product of 5 years and up is a little off.  My son loves this game.  He has been playing it since he was 3.  The die in the bubble has numbers on it instead of dots which help kids recognize them.
More enjoyment can happen when family members or friends or party guests join you in creating magnetic poetry, and / or you add words from other, "unrelated" word packs--such as putting this kit with the "Office Poetry" one or the "College" one! [There's a wide variety of other word kits to explore! To see more themed products, just search Amazon or FatBrain Toys for "Magnetic Poetry." Also, visit the excellent Magnetic Poetry website, [...] where you can try some word kits online as web games. Then, you can decide if these products suit your tastes or interests. Be sure to visit the other intriguing products that the Magnetic Poetry company produces. Please note: some of the "Magnetic Poetry" word kits are designed for "adults only," so please read product information carefully, especially if you are shopping for children. The company does make some age-appropriate magnetic word games for children.]
BUT, I hesitated because he is easily frustrated, and as a matter of fact so am I, and I hate assembling toys. Some of the previous reviews on here gave me pause. Also, after I told a friend that I had purchased it, she told me not to take it out of the box "it's too big of a pain to set up".
4953	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a new family favorite in my house. We have so much fun playing this. My twins are 5.5 years old and after watching a couple youtube videos on how to play that caught on fairly quickly.
6885	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Mastermind the game is a good game, but Pressman makes the worst quality components of any game manufacturer, and this game is no exception.  The box is really flimsy and the colored pegs do not fit in the plastic container.  Better to find an electronic version since it works better as a 1 player game.
2336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had the other popular Christmas elf and found that, frankly, he was creepy.  This elf is most certainly NOT creepy!  I love that he's bendy, so he can get into lots of shenanigans, and he's a lot bigger than I'd anticipated!


Android Netrunner is a futuristic game with a cyberpunk theme. That being said it is great game for anyone! It is a two player card game featuring the 'runner, a technologically inclined hacker, against the Corp, a mass media corporation bent on foisting its agendas on the public. The two sides play the game differently. All you have to do is open the plastic bags containing all the cards (252 total), separate them by factions, shuffle in the neutral cards into the faction you want, place the decks facedown and you're ready to play. There are three 'runner factions (Anarch, Criminal, and Shaper) and four Corp factions (Haas-Bioroid,  Jinteki,  NBN, and Weyland Consortium).
5941	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I played this with 4 players.  I found it to be dry and boring and I couldn't get into it.
7087	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As I type this review, my kids (young adults) and their grandparents are playing Pit.  The grandparents introduced us to this game and we often play at their house.  When I saw this DELUXE version of Pit, that comes with a bell, I just had to get it for them!
1189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my all time favorite games!
----------
7934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It took me a while to find blocks in this size, most I found online were only 1 inch in size, not as much fun as these classic blocks.  My 3 year old loves making walls, and staris, and houses and "zoos" with them. My 1 year old is learning to stack with them,  and loves the box they came in and putting the blocks back in it.  Great simple toy that helps kids use their imagination to create something.  Have not seen any chipping or fading paint...and these block have been thrown across the room.

2822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great puppet.  My students will love using it along with the book Pete the Cat I love my White Shoes.

8023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much fun.....love to play!  A lot of fun for kids and fir their families.
9622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids are loving this! The kit came with 5 caterpillars and they have gone into their cocoons in just a weeks time. We can't wait to see how beautiful they are.
4806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really like this human body model as it allows my child and I to discuss his body with a 3-D visual reference.  My only negative is that they squishy nature of the internal organs make it difficult to put things back in place when the learning is done.  Also, the clear plastic shell is open over the abdomen, which allows the intenstines to fall out.  It isn't gross, but just a bit annoying.
Second, it also includes MANY upgrade cards (most of which are exclusive to this expansion set at the time it was released): Homing Missiles, Assault Missiles, Ion Cannon (with a 90 degree firing arch , which is different from the Y-Wing Ion Cannon Turret which has a 360 firing arch), Heavy Laser Cannon, Veteran Instincts (increases your pilot skill by 2), Expose, Seismic Charges and Proximity Mines (both are bombs you can release as part of your move and they each work in different ways), Gunner, Mercenary Copilot, 2 Stealth Device (a 3 point upgrade that lets you increase your agility by 1 until you are hit the first time), and Slave 1 (even though it is called Slave 1 on the box, the expansion is really for the generic Firespray-31... this upgrade cards lets you actually call it the unique Slave 1 and gives you a minor special ability if you do). It should be noted that some of the upgrades can only be used on this ship, while others can be used on any ship for either side.
What didn't I like?  The music and graphics on the DVD became a bit monotonous after a while.  Don't know how that could be improved but we were ready to go right in to the challenge instead of the cute opening graphics.
After loving this game, I bought Set for Christmas and we're going to play this one tonight! ... .
6474	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love the game and I love the storage bag that keeps it all together
The answer, uttered by my  mother, summed it up:  "I think I like this more than Scrabble."
Our kids are 1st & 5th grade, boys, and they both enjoy it very much.

Of the theme decks I've played so far (Original, Monty Python, Zombie, Pirates) Pirates is my favorite.
4063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wedge is OP.
7473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for multi ages.
2353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Decks of these cards were the perfect gifts for the several Janeites in my family. The cards are very well made, sturdy, glossy and smooth, and a little smaller than standard poker size. The illustrations are excellent and reflect the time and characters of the novels. The four suites are based on four novels: Sense & Sensibility, Emma, Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion. The two jokers are a surprise and there are quotes from the appropriate novels on the cards.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stratego-Milton-Bradley-Board-Games/dp/B00000DMFU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stratego-Milton Bradley Board Games</a>
6740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that is good for children of all ages.  I can remember playing this when I was about 4 years old, and I would gladly play it now, over 25 years later.  It is simple for children to understand, yet the randomness of the die keeps anyone from having a real advantage and anyone can win. A great family game!
getting into stuff. You get an easy to follow user hand book and an adventure book.
9103	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Such a disappointment on Christmas morning! When taken out of the package, the driver's side rear tire is broken and falling off. I wish it wasn't a Christmas present so I could have opened it earlier when I ordered it. I will not be ordering again, as I fear the same thing might happen. We are very disappointed in this product and the waste of our money.
If you're looking for something fun to do either as an ice-breaker or a family game, this game can be really fun!  We played it twice over Christmas, with a crowd of 10 - 12, aged 10 - 75.  Everyone enjoyed it.
9413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this drum for my 4 year old son who has cerebral palsy.  It makes a very pleasant sound when banged on.  It also makes an interesting sound when scratched with your fingers.  It has encouraged him to work on finger isolation due to this.  It was an added bonus for this.  The colors are very bright and true to the photo.  It is very well made and $30 I paid for it.  There aren't many toys that I can say that about.  My son is very rough on toys (chewing, banging, etc) and it has held up very well.  He has had this toy for approximately 6 months and it still looks brand new.  I've noticed some people reviewing it saying they only got one mallet, but mine came with two.  I highly recommend this drum to anyone with kids.

2817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves Pete the Cat books and this is for Christmas.  Can't wait to see her face when she opens him on Christmas morning.
The physical quality of the game pieces is good, but like any card based game (Dominion, 7 Wonders, etc) if you play often you will want to invest in some card sleeves to protect the game. Fantasy Flight makes sleeves that fit this perfectly (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Clear-Sleeves-Standard-Card-Game-Pack/dp/1589945158/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Clear Sleeves: Standard Card Game Pack</a>), and you will need 6 of the "grey" or "standard" sleeves to fully sleeve up the starting decks (2.5" X 3.5"). And while the base game comes with everything that 2 people need to play (3 runner decks, 4 corporation decks, and many neutral cards for both sides), Fantasy Flight Games will be releasing monthly update packs that will add to the scope and depth of the game.
9979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son absolutely loves this tube it is very easy to put away and to store away. it is made to last can't wait to bring it outside
Now let me explain how to purchase a building.  Shipping goods is the only way that a player is able to do this.  The player will begin by taking a "buy a building" action but they must first meet the minimum requirements of the goods they wish to ship by checking it against the market board.  When the goods are shipped, money is gained equal to the number shown on the market board.  The goods markers are then shifted down to the ship space on the market board to indicate that it has been shipped.  Once shipping is completed, the goods markers that weren't used shift to the right and the ones used are placed from the farthest ship on the right and enter the market in the farthest spot to the left.  A new card is drawn to replace the purchased building.  These buildings have different symbols that will benefit the owner of the building.
I rank this game up there with games like Ticket to Ride, Catan or Roll Through the Ages. Its a great game to play with non-gamers and still fun for hardcore types.  Its a worthwhile addition to any gamers collection.
3399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I haven't had a chance to use the paints yet, as I purchased this as a Christmas gift, but I have flipped through and the book is full of great photos and ideas. My family just loves the Klutz books!
4154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	An intense and engrossing game that requires a bit of dedication to absorb.  Like GOT, this game is all about conquest and treachery.  If you're a veteran of dynamic card games, this game will prove a challenge.  All of the materials are very well deigned with original artwork.  It doesn't use anything from the show and is more based on the books by George R R Martin, as it should be.  All materials are high quality.  It can be easy to damage playing cards like these.  They have rounded edges and are coated to help make them a little resistant to moisture.
- There are a LOT of rules so be prepared to spend some time learning the game (refer to the web if you're confused)
The one problem with this game is that a very strong strategy for winning also makes it a lot less fun to play. One of my friends who plays it always goes for the finish all the 6 length train strategy which considerably shortens the game and often does not give the other players enough time to complete their destinations before the game ends. We have found that if multiple people try and get the 6 length trains it balances the game out again.
3634	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
Definition - a "Hand" is the act of playing all 10 cards that have been dealt.

Artwork:  7
3290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game, my family enjoys it.  It's basically an RPG board game with random encounters via the adventure card deck.  What a shame Fantasy Flight will soon be cutting this from their lineup.  High quality board and components, including the miniatures.  Pick this up while you still can!
6293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
5816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for anyone on a rainy day.

8123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This just solidifies that I should not be a doctor, I for sure made the right career choice. This is the classic version and it rocks.
It's a great game for kids or for strategy minded puzzlers, which is rare.
8554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game! We are BIG card/board game players, and with a 7 year old it can be hard to find games entertaining for adults that she can understand. Gamewright has mastered it! Highly recommend.
My toddler is going through her love of stickers right now so we use them a lot!
5847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grand daughter likes this and has already completed it since Christmas morning.  I would call it an acceptable purchase.
5706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It plays pretty much the same to all the other fluxx games. It does add some really cool keeper interactions.  Loved this as an addition to my games cabinet.
Would buy again.
3281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. Literally hours of fun for my wife and me and our friends.
  bananagrams is a fun game for everyone.  we are scrabble aficionados, but carrying around a large box was not very handy.  this game is held in a neat yellow banana that can fit into most women's medium size purses or in anyone's bookbag.  now, we can play anywhere.  the game idea is just about the same as regular scrabble, but there is no board, just crosswords.  yes, some people said to purchase a used scrabble set to just use the numbered letter cubes, but we wanted something different.  there is a larger version of the bananagram game that has more letters, so, that will be our next purchase.  we will just have to buy a larger purse to keep this larger yellow banana secure.  ha...an outstanding game with very fast delivery.
3985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great dice
8399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and haven't played this for over 30 years. Still having fun playing this game
4737	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This is a fun toy for kids as long as you keep it away from hair, lint, carpets, breathing on it or it ALL sticks to the pieces parts


6868	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a teenager, a friend and I had a blast playing this. So I decided to buy it for my children for Christmas. They LOVED it! What a great hit this was! Thanks for carrying a great old game!

The game is recommended for ages 6+, but I have been playing with my 4 year old son and while he needs guidance, he is fully capable of playing the basic concept of the game.  I suspect in a year he will have it nearly mastered in all but the most complex of possible scenarios the game can throw.  If you have children that love chucking hand fulls of dice; this is the game to get them.  Though keep in mind that only one player plays at a time so there is down time for other players (though I find it best to use that down time to heckle the current player to push their luck just a little bit further!).
My second problem is the game time listed in the rules says 60-90 minutes. 90 Minutes is possible, but this game can take several hours to complete depending on luck and the aggressiveness of the players. I have never seen a game go only 60 minutes. This is not an issue to me as when I set down with my friends to play Talisman, I plan to make an evening of it.

Things to know about this Deck
660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun!
9367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son started playing one of these in music class. He loved it so much that we had to get one to have at home! It's very well made, has a great tone, and the mallets are well made too.
8713	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Broke the first day we had it. It was cool while it lasted, but not very durable.
1334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for me and my husband. We love to play, I just wish the game lasted longer between two people.
8914	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic drum for my lil drummer in training 

We are going to play it with our grandkids as it is good practice for constructing
1398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really like this game because it is not overly competitive. Since you have private goals, it is more positive than some other games that are based on pulling other players down. I also like how simple it is to play. Since it does not take a lot of time to explain, it is easy to introduce the game to new players.
[...]


2552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My granddaughter loves this kit. It was hours of fun for her. Before I get into details the only CON I have for this diary is that it takes too long for the clay frosting to dry. The instructions says it takes 24-48 hours to dry (48 before it gets hard). I think this is entirely too long. And even after 48 hours the frosting is not completely hard. It is spongy. Another tip: Don't put the frosting on until the very end. My granddaughter put it on first and it made it difficult to open the pages without getting the frosting (puffy paste) everywhere.

But, on balance, this was definitely well worth the money (especially if you can get it or $20 on Amazon or elsewhere).  We learned a good chunk of the system, are very happy to have the dice, and are excited to play again. I couldn't have asked for much more for $20 (especially once you factor in the free stuff posted online which lets you try all of the main/current career classes for the game and extend the adventure even more).
1036	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So poop much  fun
1076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family really enjoys this game!

2932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are so adorable! Nicely made and they each look different. My granddaughter (2 years old) loved them. Perfect size for her. About 6-7 inches.
The size of the board is now 20"x15".  I seem to remember it being closer to at least 24"x20" (don't quote me on that by the way, I just know that it used to be a lot bigger!)  If that's true, then the playing area has been reduced by a good 40%.  The base of the player pieces are now circular instead of rectangular.  If two players land on the same spot, they can't both fit.  I don't remember bumping into each other being an issue in the old version.
I instead did not purchase the new style one and opted to wait to shop around for the classic style. The past few weeks have turned up nothing but a visit a my local thrift store changed our luck. Imagine our surprise when I opened the box and everything except the steel marbles and a rubber band were in the box! I packed it away, paid, and whisked it home where my children worked together to put it together (which was part of the fun for us) and began to play with the contraption before playing the game. The game we found did come with regular marbles and I found a rubber band in a drawer. Regular marbles "fit" in the game but aren't quite heavy enough to make the diver flip into the barrel/pool thing but if you place the diver just right, he will knock into the barrel and still engage the trap.

The roles are:

My husband liked so much he was tempted to buy another one or possibly two.
5419	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my boys, 9 and 4.  I wanted something fun that the whole family could play together... which is sometimes difficult to find since the youngest can't read yet.  I wasn't sure if this would be too hard or not for the 4-year-old, but he seemed to catch on pretty fast and he really enjoyed it!  Now and again he would ask for help, but that didn't seem to bother him, since he actually got to play by himself and didn't have to be on anyone's "team".  Anyway a couple of the other adults who played this game liked it so much they're going to purchase it themselves.  It really is fun!
81	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you're patient, they come out really cute!!! Not something a young child can do, so you definitely have to help if your child is under 8 or so.
1) The single die is "rolled" by popping it inside the little plastic dome in the middle of the board.  For this sheer genius alone, the game deserves to be considered a classic.  The little dome is easy enough to work that a small hand can click it, yet it is sturdy enough to hold up when slapped hard.  Also, having the die encased this way prevents kids from rolling it all over the room or knocking the game pieces over (a pet peeve of mine).  It will not get lost.
From a gamer's perspective, it is interesting to see the seed from which cooperative games like Battlestar Galactica and Arkham Horror evolved. The mechanics are simple, but very sound. The Night Cards are not so different from the Night Counter in Last Night on Earth, or other games that tick down to conclusion, and the players must use creativity to win or lose as a team.
It comes with two drum sticks and is a wonderful, quality item.
3112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh my gosh, I know this is silly, but using this peeler is actually fun. It works incredibly well, and I peel A LOT of potatoes at my house. We've owned it for almost 4 months now and it is still as awesome as it was when we first got it.

Overall this continues to be a very good game and a sure entertainment night.
7577	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great!
7612	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a childhood favorite of mine and I'm glad I could share this with my grandson.
258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought the game expecting that if I didn't enjoy the game, it was still a good price for a box full of mini's to use with other games.  But the game if a riot to play.  It's a random draw system based around a few key structures to provide a point to each dungeon crawl.  You could play the same run over and over and it'd probably be a few hundred times before it came up exactly the same.  A sense of desperation, but still not to tough.
The game can sometimes lend itself to players taking long turns while trying to think of something witty, slowing gameplay down. There's always that one linguist who demands "There is no way that is a proverb!?"
5869	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's worth the price for the nice plastic Mech models that came in the box. Wish I could buy more of the plastic models!
4372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for family game time at our house!
7479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great board game.  Had lots of fun playing with my students.
This one works just fine, and is inexpensive, as well.
I cant wait to play this game again!  Neither can my husband! Nuff said.
8045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great first game for a child.  My 4 year old grandchild loves it.  She giggles when she moves the gingerbread man forward.
813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to play with my 7 y/o, we figured it out pretty easily and it's not too hard for him to play. Only played it once so far but he'll get better strategies after a couple times.
5135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A good "family game night" game



8753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice game for learning. Fits nice in hands
5901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  My girls love it (6 & 7 yrs old).  Very easy to master but never boring.
comes over. He's still figuring out the strategies to win and I'm working on keeping the 4 blind cards in my memory to beat the socks off him. Truth be told, he now owns most of my socks! We love this game.
The Hoberman sphere perfectly demonstrates this concept, as it expands in every direction.  We use this in conjunction with blowing up balloons to strengthen the muscles needed to produce the best sound possible, and it works! They "get it," and I hear the difference in their sound.
1630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
Those looking for deep game play should look elsewhere.  This is a great game, but it's a casual experience.
Typical great art quality and good card quality from FFG. Cool cyberpunk theme.
8802	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I really wanted to like this. The screen is just so sub par. The kids will pull it out occasionally to use as a calculator but that's only because they don't have another one. However bad you think the screen might be it is probably worse. This quality of screen would have been complained about by reviewers 20 years ago because it does cut things off and make them unreadable. Today it makes no sense to sell a screen like this when people are use to so much better. Also a rubber button promptly fell off and is still floating around the house somewhere.
2) If you are a Christian like I am, you will need to bring the real message of Christmas into this story or it will overshadow it.
4341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great stocking stuffer and really fun game!
9760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great item, but be aware that the fabric used has a slight chemical smell.  I think because of a fire retardant used.  I just aired the tunnel outside for a bit and the smell disipated.
4325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game - similar to scrabble
4930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game of strategy that doesn't need batteries and doesn't make any noise!!  Can play simply for beginners and then later cutthroat for the more experienced.  The tiles are a nice quality wood and easy to handle. Tile holders would be nice but the tiles do stand up well on their own.  The game was complete and I received exactly what I was supposed to get. I would have preferred it, however, if the box top was solid and did not have that lateral opening in it in case any tiles "escape" from the drawstring bag.
4387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great word game. Fast paced thinking game.
8826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product and great price
One word of warning to anyone who wants to upgrade to the 52" fence is that the 52" fence kit comes with an extension table that mounts to the saw table itself so you have to remove the wing on the right side.  I bought two wings at the same time as the 52" fence kit and now I have an extra wing hanging around.
5476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty fun Christmas game to play.  If you have played a SCENE IT game before, you'll already know what to expect.  I'd recommend it.
9324	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I initially bought these for my cat but they are a little big for her to play with. My kids took them and have made up several games to play with them. They really enjoy playing with them.

1363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	wonderful game for all ages which is why we bought it.  the whole family loves to sit down and play this together. first got it when our youngest was 10.
3936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own every non epic ship released for this game. They are all fantastic, well detailed models with solid rules. I have received two ships that were damaged and customer service has replaced those quickly with little trouble.

170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Smaller than I expected but very cute and works well with steels.
The flavor of this game is done very well, and it fits nicely with the mechanics. As a software developer I can appreciate some of the references that are made in the game.

8541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game. This is especially fun for younger children to join in the action. Since each player has 2 cards visible, it becomes an easy game to help young ones learn how to play their own hand because you can see part of their hand and make suggestions, yet it's still their own hand of cards and they don't have to team up with an adult.

3237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First off I am a huge fan of Lovecraft. I waited a short while to buy this expansion and I will say it is great. Adds so much challenge to the game and It's a small town to be feared for sure. They did a really good job to give this town a gruesome feel and I recommend to anyone who likes Arkham Horror.
5834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun and challenging dot to dot book! I bought it for my 8 year old daughters birthday. She loves it! There are different versions of this available online with animals and such. This book has a lot of great pictures with a LOT of dots to connect. She says It is challenging but fun. After she gets done making the picture, she colors it. I would absolutely recommend this product!
5988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game. Mysterium meets One Night Ultimate Werewolf. Entertainment for days. Good replay and very addictive.  Right up your ally if you host game nights from 4-12 players.

4956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesome for kids and adults. wish they made a colorblind friendly version.
1. The Cards. I know that seems like a blanket statement, but I honestly love everything about the cards. The artwork of the cards is beautiful and scream proudly of the original Trilogy. The info on the cards is presented in a very clear manner, making all info easily accessible and easy to read.
FFG has taken the core principles and turned WizWar in a real, tactical game.

8620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This mini sphere was really enjoyed by my 8 yr. old granddaughter until it broke. She was so disappointed. I contacted Amazon and they immediately sent me out a new one. Now my granddaughter is happy again and plays with it every day. She's also been asking for these in different colors! That's how much she loves it.
Roll dice, fight monsters, collect treasure, maybe beat a dragon....all in a box with a couple of player cards and some dice...Love it.
3272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was the first civ builder board game I've played.  It is basically a watered down version of the video game with a lot of the same theme and mechanics.  In fact just reading the rulebook put me in the mood to play Civ V and I've put between 8-10 hours into that game over the past week alone.  Just one more turn!
5828	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nine year old son loves the Extreme Dot to Dot.  They can entertain him for hours.
2824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	adorable


The Monty Python theme of this game is hilarious & is a favorite with my family and game group.

3341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A crisis management game with a fantasy/russian theme.  Red November (RN) is a cooperative survival board game, where players must work together to survive/win.  The rules are simple, and the quality of the pieces, cards, and board being top notch as one would expect from Fantasy Flight.  As the game unfolds, players are confronted with mounting challenges and deadlines that need to be overcome or risk losing the game.  Some aspects of this game can be frustrating as the difficulty can change from game to game depending on the player count and the randomness of the event cards drawn.  Play time of up to 2 hours with 6 to 8 players is common.
2418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it. He is so cute


3360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kingsburg is a good game and i rated it 4 stars... but this expansion makes it a 5 star game... adds a lot of variety with not much complexity rules wise... 5 modules in total and we play with every single one of them... if you have kingsburg, this expansion is a must buy.
2954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 23 month old granddaughter is a huge fan of the Five Little Monkeys Book, so the Five Little Monkeys Puppets are great to play with while reading the book.  Note - they aren't actually finger puppets, but regardless they're lots of fun.  Their hands have Velcro so they can 'hold' hands and be strung together in a group of 5.  Then when one falls off the bed, the remaining four hold hands.  Lots of fun for little ones!!


4174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these miniatures, I hate the packaging but that is because it is classic packaging that leaves you struggling to get the item out without damaging the included materials (cards in this case).
7010	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kiddos love the play money!

I have a 4, 7, 9, and 11 year old. Ideal for the older ones. The 4 yr old needed help.
7021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It works so well I might let my daughter play with it!
6190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought 3 of these and the kids love them.  They are the actual syma product and the body and landing gear are solid sturdy metal easy to operate and a super product if you are an rc lover.  It has plastic blades for flying that seem like they would break relatively easy if you crashed the helicopter or whacked it or something to the effect they do include an extra tail rotor blade which is great and they sell complete replacement blade kits for 4-5 bucks so not a biggie plus you can charge it 2 different ways either from a cord on the controller that charges it from the controller batteries or from an included usb cable right to your computer. No complaints on this product at all
3534	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are so cute, and there are a ton of them.  My son is putting them on everything lol They're good quality, bright colors, easy to peel, stick well.  GREAT stickers! <3

2312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the Idea wanted this for my daughters ordered two so that they can start their own family traditions thanks.
4265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've had this game for a couple years now, and we bring it out whenever we have people over who have at least a passing interest in Monty Python. Because the rules keep changing as one plays the game, every game is truly different, which means it never gets boring. Occasionally we get a little confused as to exactly what rules are in play or how we're supposed to apply certain rules. But this little problem is more than made up for when one of us launches into a rendition of The Lumberjack Song or Eric the Half a Bee. It's great fun and makes for a wonderful evening of entertainment.
GOAL cards, when played, will determine the winning conditions for the game. Playing a new Goal card will eliminate the previous goal (in most cases, depending on new rules currently in force).
1091	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the whole family!  From Elementary age children to adults!  Hours of fun!  The expansion pack provides regular sized cards and more destination cards.  Would recommend purchasing the game along with the expansion pack.

Once everyone's ready, any player can start the game by saying "SPLIT!" Everybody then turns their tiles face up and starts forming their own crossword collections of intersecting and connecting words.
4404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a lot more fun than Scrabble. Besides being fun, it's also great for learning vocabulary and spelling.
9707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This tent is great!  My husband assembled it easily and we used it on the beach for our baby.  It's a pretty good size.
9607	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great addition to my grandsons Thomas set
5543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	almost as good as regular Fluxx and Star Fluxx.
Say Anything Family is a game that will get the entire family talking and laughing in minutes. This family-oriented version of the popular adult party game gives players the chance to settle questions that have been hotly debated for centuries. For instance, Which celebrity would make the worst babysitter? or What magical power would be the coolest to have? The best thing about Say Anything Family: there are no right or wrong answers  just your opinions. This is every familys chance to Say Anything.

5460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My husband loved growing up in the 80's and he has a birthday coming up and I saw this great deal. Can't wait till he opens it up to relive his childhood days.
-Option of 2-4 players (but strongest at 2)
5712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fast paced, constantly changing and very unpredictable.  I would recommend this to both gamers and casual players alike.  My family and I enjoy playing this game and it has great pace to break up some of the longer games we play.
2818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The puppet is very cute, and the children are having fun with it.  I hope it lasts, glad I bought it.
Production-wise the book is a hardback, with a cloth binding to which the signatures have been stitched. It should last for many many games providing you don't get it wet (glossy pages don't survive moisture well). Well done Evil Hat for getting the book's construction right.
1471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this game.. it is by far our first pick when choosing a game to play. The only thing is I highly recommend getting the expansion card pack... it makes it much easier and more fun to play.
9985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Didn't like the fact to send out mail plus $5 for larva, but anyhow we captured our own and watched the whole cycle. It's smaller than I expected, we had about 7 caterpillars and was a bit cramped for them. Regardless, it's neat lil cage net for them:0)
1) Most kids can probably start playing and enjoying this game before the recommended 36 months of age.  If you have a child with the attention span and the desire to sit down for a 10-15 minute game, I'm pretty confident they could enjoy it.
I hated the book.  The illustrations are ugly, and worse, the words are pathetic.  In a desperate attempt to rhyme, there are some really lame lines and bad choices of words in there.  I find myself paraphrasing every time I read it.  You don't need the book.  You can just explain to your child that  there is a magical elf that helps Santa by reporting who's been naughty and who's been nice, every night.  Every morning he comes back and hangs out in a new spot.  Just one rule: "You can't touch this - Hammertime!" or he might lose his magic.
5082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks like a fun game...will be giving as a gift.  Can`t wait to play it.
6955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Same game that I remember from my youth!  Was able to ship to APO and share with my unit, catching some Soldiers up on strategy more than just sending your higher ranks to the slaughter (no one beat me though).  Excellent condition on arrival.

842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	wonderful game, I have the 10th anniversary edition, which while more pricey I think is well worth it!!!

(3) Emon Azzameen, a level 7 unique pilot that costs 38 points whose special ability reads, When dropping a bomb, you may use the [3 STRAIGHT], [3 LEFT TURN], or [3 RIGHT TURN] template instead of the [1 STRAIGHT] template.
985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	one of the best games that i have ever played. It is a must have for anyone that owns board games. collect colors to build railroads from city to city. really fun, doesnt really have that take that aspect, unless you go out of your way to figure out what others are doing. GO BUY THIS GAME!!!
754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game we have played as a family in a long time!!! Can't say enough good things about this game.  Fun for 2 players as well as more.  You really don't know who is going to win until the very end when adding up your points.  This game is fun for those who aren't even all that found of board games.  A little spendy but well worth the $$
[EDIT 5/17/13] I've found some transparent hinged-lid cases that were intended for trading cards that work well for storing these decks. I can't find any on Amazon to link, but they can be found on another internet trading site, where they are listed as storing 32 trading cards. The fit is perfect. I'll try and upload a picture to help in the search.[/EDIT]

And thats what makes the game fun.  We played multiple games over the course of three or four days, and no two tables were close to looking the same when wed finished.  It obviously depends on which tiles are drawn when and then which are played.
7911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old daughter is obsessed with doctors so I wasn't at all surprised when she asked for this operation game.. She loves it but mentioned that the buzzer scares her when it vibrates so I removed the battery..it is just as much fun for us both.
My children range from 4-12 and they work cooperatively to build and work the trap. Many times they just like to build the trap and get it to work without playing the game. They like to try to build it on their own without help from others and also try to find new ways to engage the trap.
9733	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for an 8 year old who was having trouble with multiplication.  Great help in working with multiplication problems, and now does good. She had previously used one like this for addition and subtraction that had helped her when she was younger.  Best part - no batteries required, so learning does not stop when batteries die.
8190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	... it is so much easier than I remember.  But, perfect original operation game!
Formula D Racing is a fun game. The racing theme fits the game perfectly. It offers both a beginner and advanced game experience. Literally, it comes with different sets of rules depending on how simple to complex you wish to make the game. The luck factor is high in game. The strategy is still good, as it requires you to use your cars resources wisely. And like real competition users must decided when they are will attempt to make their moves forcing others to respond. And honestly, a 10 player board game is unheard of! I've only played 8, and each player does extend the game time, but still a plus to be able to add more players.

This inspires creativity, fun and imagination. It is more than a push the button type of toy to make some annoying noise. This encourages exploration of the world around you and more.
4339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game, Love that it fits in a pocket and can be traveled with!
5238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Both my Grandchildren ages 5 and 10 loved this game, as well as Grandpa who they told to "Please sit on the couch" and let us play!



Traffic is a BIG deal in Formula D, so when playing with less than six people, I highly recommend each player utilize both cars in their team livery. A second set of dice is also a worthwhile addition, as having a set at each end of the board reduces awkward/repeated die passing. Fair warning: you will probably end up wanting all of the expansions. Running a season is great fun.
My 2 yr old daughter loved tracing the letters with her finger, and now that she's three, I anticipate making new words with them with her.
Immediately the packing jumps out as distinctive. It is a small treasure chest which contains all of the game's components. The game itself does not have a lot of parts, but the design is clever and helps to set the tone for what proves to be an addictive game. Included in the chest are tokens for treasure and experience, two different sets of dice, a larger counter die, some character cards and an instruction manual.
The other adults (my wife and a friend) that I mention this game to both remember playing it as a child and changing the rules just so the game will finally end.  So, what's the point in this game?
5635	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this as a birthday gift for a board-game-and-cthulhu-lover.
If your opponent rolls a dragon, you set that die aside - until they build up to three. Then you have to fight a dragon. This is a special creature, because it requires that you kill it with three of your party dice - each one being of a different class. If you had three champions? Tough, you cannot kill it. Have a wizard, thief and a champion? The dragon dies, and you get bonus experience and treasure. However, as dangerous as the lurking dragon possibility is, the majority of your time will be spent fighting slimes and skeletons while unlocking treasure chests.
86	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great birthday gift, very cute. Since we gave it away, I cant speak to how easy or hard it is to use but birthday girl was delighted
2077	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This elf on a shelf has got my son doing remarkable things.  He is being relly nice to his sister and he is helping out when he never would.  He asks everyday if Norby (the name of the elf) is going to tell Santa he was good today.  We always tell when he was good and Norby will probably give Santa a good report.
7842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Basic toy that gives enjoyment for years.
9601	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time packaged carefully & my four year old Autistic son loves it so it's a win win
2651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great cards
1322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We really enjoy this game.  My son is 6 and he needs a little help figuring out routes but he loves it.  He loves playing games and this game is no exception.  We're eager to get some booster packs down the road.
2538	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My husband loves to play scrabble, but we both insist on turning the board to face us when playing our turn nad we kept jittering the board and screwing up the pieces.  The tile lock feature works well and we are quite pleased.  Our only complaint is tha the board and pieces are smaller than our traditional board.  While still perfectly readable - to get 5 stars the board and pieces should be bigger. Also I was under the impression from the description that the board would be felt backed to help it slide smoothly to face the different players.  There are just four rubber feet, they work, but a full felt backing would work better.
Its a very fun family game for the little ones. All of the spaces are color coded and match the cards, so kids can feel independent while playing.
2623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	COOL BOOKS.  LOTS OF LETTERS TO GET MY DAUGHTER TO PRACTICE.
7311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it's a cool game, we play it all the time, perfect to take to the beach! It's similar to the war game. We also imagine what the sandwich would taste if it really had lettuce, jelly, onion and egg on it :)

2244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These seem suitable for a little older children, age 7 and up.  It is enjoyable to see how they think about their answers.  Makes
3389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter has enjoyed filling in this notebook.
6998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this intending to use it for homeschooling.  We haven't really used it in an academic sense, but the ability to do so is there.  Our son can add and subtract money quite well, so it won't be used in that way for him and he wasn't terribly interested in doing it anyway.  Our daughter, though, who is 2.5 absolutely loves this thing and she and he (8 now) play with it ALL the time.  I had to put it up because coins were everywhere.  I will take it out every other week or so when it can be a little supervised (they clean up the mess, but we don't need it easily accessible on days where the mess all over the rest of the house is larger than normal.  This is a great toy for academic or play pursuits!  Would buy again!  Oh, and it came with a shopping basket, apron, name tag, and a bunch of play food boxes and store signage.  Really a great set!
7301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	old time classic lots of fun.
322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is great if you want to play with 5-6 people as it opens up the game more.
The game comes with a buzzer the other team can use if you mess up, and that's half the fun.  It also doubles as a good bad joke buzzer.

Operations: Bioroid Efficiency Research, Successful Demonstration
3578	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pack of stickers; basically is what I wanted. Cute colorful owl stickers! Im very pleased w this lil owl find!
They are not exactly round so they are easier to use especially for a beginner.
8070	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	classic fun
1. The base set really only contains 2 DS and 2 LS packs. The "Scum and Villiany" and "Smugglers and Spies" seem like an afterthought. I'm ok with that, though, as what you get is worth the price, and you can actually use those two with other neutral objective sets.
1908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great shipping and great quality. Awesome packaging.
Pros:
1234	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has become one of our family favorites! I play with my eight year old son, my seven year old daughter, and my five year old daughter. It's a great game and finally after months of me winning every game, my kids have all beaten me at least once (and I do not believe in throwing a game). The board is set up like a map of the United Sates and each person is giving routes that they have to complete. You get points for completing your route, or you lose those points if you don't get them. The concept is relatively easy, but it's a lot of fun!
8836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful drum set recommended by our school music teacher. Great sound not junky. Kids love it and so do I. Check out YouTube for adults playing music on this type of drum.
It also includes two previously released upgrades (Flechette Torpedoes and Advanced Sensors), one upgrade that also comes with another Wave 4 ships (Outmaneuver -- a 3 point elite talent that reduces your targets agility by one if you are not also in their firing arc), plus TWO astromech droids that were exclusive to this expansion at the time it was released (R7 who costs 2 points and lets you spend your target lock to make an attacking ship reroll any number of attack dice; and R7-T1 who costs 3 points and let you perform a free boost action when you acquire a target lock on a ship inside your firing arc).

After the first run, I raised the shocks to the highest position, and gained near 2 inches of clearance. Then moved the top of the shock towers to the outside of the frame, because it seemed they binded a little being mounted on the inside as they come stock. I also installed a rear steer kit, that I unfortunately had to order from another site. I also removed the stock radio and installed it to a 6 chan stick radio, to gain independent control over the front and rear steering, as well as a few other nifty things the radio does.
The second deck is the Adventure Deck, an idea that has been around as a do-it-yourself project for some time. The cards depict artwork lifted from the various setting books, along with some color text, an evocative card title and a plain English description of what the card does for a player.
I have to admit, the contruction is pretty cheap and the pieces could get easily lost by kids if they are not careful to put them back in the box.  As a warning, you should not buy this game if there are small kids in the house because of the choking hazzard of the small pieces.  Also, you gotta get your own batteries.
933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game! I just wish the expansions weren't so expensive, considering they're just a small deck of cards.
You only get 1 tin or box even though it looks like you get 2!

I love this game because it is easy enough for young kids to play but interesting enough to keep adults captivated playing too.
It takes a lot of the RPG elements and puts it in an easy format for all to enjoy. Simple stats and dice rolls, this game will probably be kinda boring to players used to more in depth stuff but its a great game to get in front of newer players to get them used to this kind of game.
9486	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I did not realize that this kit does not include live caterpillars! Super bummed
6281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the only pokedoll I have any problem with, it's face just seems a little bit flat .. although it's still cute, and would be worth buying to get the full set of Eeveelutions.
Pathfinder Beginner's Box: The box contains one 20" x 30" flip map.  One side contains a fully rendered dungeon to go with the sample module in the Game Master's Guide, while the other side is a blank, beige mat that can be used with a dry-erase marker to make your own dungeon.  You could also use this side for general battles or other encounters.  The great thing about this flip map is that it's pretty impervious to dry-erase markers, tape, window markers, or any other device that you might want to use to hide portions of the dungeon or make adjustments as seen fit (My suggestion is to use Glass Chalk or a similar window marker to cover up the full map, using a washcloth and Windex to "reveal" new areas when the players explore them...post-it notes or taped construction paper could provide a similar function).  The pawns are impressive, as they are double-sided figures that stand up.  Not quite as satisfying as plastic miniatures, but are a lot more dynamic and decipherable than the tiny coardboard coins that come with the 4E set.  The pawns are also numerous, with approximately three times as many options than the D&D set.  Overall: 8/10
6957	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Stratego was introduced in the United States in the early 1960s. Offering strategic elements of chess on a familiar board game motif, it became a very popular game in American households during the 1960s and 70s. By 2000, no doubt caving to constant reports of how stupid American children were becoming, Hasbro changed the numbering system on the pieces, completely inverting the familiar 1-9 scale. Historically, the most powerful piece (Marshall) was marked "1" while the least powerful piece (Scout) was marked "9." More recent editions contain pieces marked in the opposite manner, with higher ranked (i.e., stronger) pieces displaying higher numbers. This decision was not met with universal applause, and in response (or perhaps it was planned all along to generate multiple streams of revenue?), Hasbro released a "Vintage" edition. So if you wish to own the same Stratego game you grew up playing, you are forced to find an older game or else purchase the more expensive Vintage edition. Another pitfall for would-be buyers is that Hasbro recently capitalized on the popular fantasy theme, releasing a version of Stratego which replaces the classic Napoleonic army with medieval themed pieces (i.e., dragon, dwarf, slayer). Confusingly, this version is NOT named Stratego--the D&D Battle or Stratego--the Fire and Ice Edition or any other moniker that might be helpful in distinguishing among them. Note also that this version also reduced the number of pieces from forty to thirty.

7693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old daughter loves this game!
*The Source (4)  *Thomas Haas (4)  *Tyrs Hand (3.5)  *Viktor 2.0 (4)  *Zed 1.0 (2.5)
We bought this for my 3-year-old daughter for Christmas, and it has been a big hit.  Her and her 2-year-old brother beg to play it everyday when I get home from work.  It is fun and colorful, and helps to teach them how to be patient and take turns as well as how to have fun, even if you don't finish first.
38	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book is small in size and probably best for 4 to 5 years old due to having to piece the robots together without knowing what a robot is.  My 3.5 year old didn't show much interest in it other than them being stickers.  However, I saved it and he will more than likely go for it in a year or two.
4692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A Really Cute product, no it will not teach you advanced human anatomy but it looks cute on a desk. Just don't let your kids be to rough with it, it could break easily but at the price its probably one of the best out there.
On top of that, there's a ton of out-of-faction cards and base cards that allow you to develop incredibly complex strategies and play styles. Yes, this game has INFINITE depth. You can play for fun. You can play to mess with the other player. You can play to win and only to win. And yeah, you can play to annihilate the other player in as few moves as possible. Awesome, awesome, awesome.
8117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Candy Land is the classic 'first game' for toddlers  - ?  We ALL love to play it with little ones.
5614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son plays this game with his friends. They said that it is fun.
1425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	During the holidays, we played it nightly, 2 games a night.  Great fun!  Great gift idea too!  So, we sent it to my sister's family!
There are other problems with this game, but clearly every time I break it out, people can't wait to finish it to move onto another game.
It sounds complicated, but it is actually very easy to pick up.  Once youve played a turn or two, you get the strategy and the ways you can play things.  The score starts to add up, too.  Dont worry if you fall behind because things can change.
1130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because my adult cognitively disabled son likes trains and because it has favorable reviews. I am pleased with the game: the physical components are solid and attractive (but the train cards are too small to shuffle easily). The rules were clear and we were up and playing with a minimum of effort. The game is simple enough that my son was able to play independently and even win a game, but there is enough variety and challenge to keep adults interested for the course of the game. It takes around an hour for us to play, meaning we can play once or twice in an evening. For an adult it is not an intellectually demanding game; it strikes the right balance between relaxing and entertaining.
7585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's crazy to think this game is over 100 years old and it's great to see it can still hold up after all this time.  The game just sort of lost steam for us as we got in a position where we just seemed to lose ground for a bit.  Scores would fluctuate so big and often that if someone did gain, they would suddenly lose as we continued.  I'd like to give this another go with some more people.
7895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Updated version of a classic, game is the same but the board is redrawn. Not exactly an improvement but the game is still fun and easy for young children
1237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great buy, love playing this game with my family.
4038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own every non epic ship released for this game. They are all fantastic, well detailed models with solid rules. I have received two ships that were damaged and customer service has replaced those quickly with little trouble.
9603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was great. I really liked that this one zipped up unlike others that just had a small velcro piece. I would just freak out if a caterpillar got out. We were able to have a number of giant swallowtail caterpillars/chrysalis in it. Thought if I bought the 15.99 one it wouldn't have the vouchers for caterpillars but it did. So that was a surprise. I think this is the best one on the market.
ENTERTAINMENT:
8858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product
1607	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Next year will be the best ever!
4794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this as a Christmas present for our Son who is almost 3 years old. (Knowing that it's for older children, but it still seemed like something a younger child would enjoy) We were right!
3620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks great!
As always Amazon provided great service.
5529	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's fun! It's random! It's about half skill, half luck. Best played with 3 or more people. Games can last from 15 minutes to 2 hours. Ripplepoints do not need to be played with, they're just an extra step, unless you're playing with mega BTTF Fans, it's best if you don't play with Ripplepoints. If someone asked me to make a BTTF card game, it'd be pretty hard to top this.
2998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These finger puppets catch the attention of the younger ones (2-4 years) but sometimes it takes some convincing for a child to want to put their fingers into the sockets, go figure!
But other than that, it's great. I think my 9 year old will enjoy it too if he ever gets a chance and I love the fact that it has percentage/decimal options as well.
7028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Huge hit.  Nice size.  Feels real.  My son loved it.
The copter comes with a charging cable.  It takes about 45-60 minutes to fully charge and about 8-10 minutes to discharge depending on what type of flying you're doing.  They work quite well indoors (especially with vaulted ceilings).
6609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Received this game very quickly and it was in good shape. We had losts of fun and my granddaughter loved sending me back to the start.
2046	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This product is only a vessel for your own creativity and ambitions as a parent. It is a cute story in a nicely made book with a $2 elf doll. I would have hoped that the elf would have been a higher quality, but as it is, it does hold up and looks pretty good. It can be a chore coming up with new places to put him night after night, but the kids are excited every morning to find him and have enjoyed the experience all around. It was a good buy.
6443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for our family!
This is scrabble and it is a fun game.  Unless you are getting this for traveling then I would suggest a bigger game.


8849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This doll is really special. Her curly redish hair is different to any other barbie. It comes protected by a delicate nest. The dress is really well done, full of cute details and made using high quality fabric. The nice white-royal blue shoes do complete the outfit. I do love my doll and i will not allow anyone to touch it.
6653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Challenging and fun for kids and adults. People who know Rush Hour are always glad to see it, and people who have not seen it before are pleasantly surprised and then excited about such a simple but great game.
Update:  We've now had this about 5 months.  She has used her "spending" money to buy stuffed animals at the zoo (which are super overpriced - but now I don't worry about it, that's for her to figure out!), and we opened up a bank account with her "save" money.  I honestly am so glad we are doing this.  She has a much, much better grasp of money, and what it means to spend it or save it.  We are going to do the "share" portion close to the holidays, when I will let her choose a charity.  She already is looking forward to that - I don't know how much she understands yet, since we haven't done it, but she will.  But in the past several months, watching the money grow, opening a bank account, using her "spending" money - this has been a really, really fantastic item.

2762	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Precious,precious,precious.  Wonderful.  Speedy delivery.  So darn cute.
We play with our 1st grader and while we make him have legit words, we let spelling slide.  That makes the play very, very fun.  My favorite word of his so far was WEEZL.  We also let him use proper nouns/names.  And we all stop and help him if he is getting frustrated.
8191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	She loved it! We gave this game to our eleven year old granddaughter and she couldn't wait to start playing it with her eight year old cousin.

6597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	interesting game; appealing because it is challenging but quick to play.  Good for ages 8 through adult.
4952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
2032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have enjoyed making this a tradition in our family for the past three years, I am going to be bummed out when my son gets old enough to know Santa isn't real.

The game is very simple, however, it is very enjoyable.  The overall concept is to score points by connecting routes based upon destination tickets you draw and length between cities.  There is strategy in that players are playing against each other, but the most beautiful part of the game is that players need not attack or collude against others.

6009	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to take to your local Harley Davidson club and play.  It has a bit of a learning curve, but once you get past it you will enjoy the game.
7692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this for our 3 and 1/2 year old, knowing it would get years and years of use. Right now, many of the features are above his pay grade, but he will learn as he grows. The money is fantastic, they made great efforts to make it look like the "real" stuff. I would give one warning, when you pop the open button, the tray (till) comes out a bit fast. Best to have your hand there to slow it down a bit.
5823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much fun. Good way to pass the time away.
5842	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love dot-to-dot then this book is for you.  It has some great puzzles and they can be very challenging.  I enjoyed them greatly.
5793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves these. Ordering more for this christmas.
The rules are somewhat long = 35 pages. However, the online videos are very good at showing the ease of actually playing. In between mission adventures the posse of heroes may go to town and level up and buy new stuff. This is cool.
3369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	To Forge a Realm has the unenviable task of taking a mediocre game and turning it into something great.  The bad news is that it falls short of achieving greatness.  The GOOD news is that it does transform the game from a two-dimensional, uninvolving exercise in unexceptionalism  and breathes much needed life into it, making it a lot more palatable.
8886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought my 20 year old one of these drums when he was three. It's lasted, unscathed, through my son, my other kids, nephews, neighbors, etc... So when it came to searching for a gift for my current three year old I was excited to find Remo still made these. I bought him this massive 22" version to go along with the smaller drum I bought my older son. This thing is amazing! So much BOOM and the kids love it. It's constructed just as solidly as the twenty-year old drum, maybe even improved. I would recommend these drums to anyone.
779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
7791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game all the time when I was a kid.  It was one of me and my sister's favorites, so I got it for my daughters.  It is a very simple game so that even my almost-3-year-old can grasp the concept pretty well.  It also teaches numbers, taking turns, and that there are consequences for your actions.  If your game piece lands on a picture of you doing something bad, you get punished by going back toward the beginning, and if you land on a good deed, you go up toward the end.  This is a great game for all ages, and the younger children have just as much chance of winning as anyone else, which is a plus.

Definition - a "Game" is the act of playing a series of hands to determine who reaches 500 points first (or to whatever score is determined to be what needs to be achieved for winning).
4649	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves this. She had been begging for a human anatomy model. She's either going to be a doctor or a serial killer (here's hoping the former). Anyway, the parts are a little tricky to get back in but it's a good learning tool. I just wish his guts would stay in - we've got guts hanging out.
7495	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	the new characters look creepy
9865	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good gift for my daughter! She loved them
8912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Would buy from vendor again. Perfect.
6254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love the truck the rear diff striped out but customer service with exceed was very helpful and sent me out new parts to repair it

1298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the few games that can have five players. We had played it at a friends house, and we knew it was going to be a family favorite. It does take some time to play, close to an hour with four or more players, but is good for a variety of ages. Our players include three generations from 11 to 65, and we all love it!


9465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had one of these when i was little. My niece needed something to help her with math. Perfect!
I showed it yesterday to a friend's son who is 10 years old in 5th grade. he plays magic the gathering. He liked it immediately.


If you're completely new to Arkham Horror, I DON'T recommend you buying this product.  Why?  Again, pretty much what this box does is expand on all the previous expansions.  So if you don't have any of the old expansions or only half of them, this box is a heavy drop in the wallet for you.  Buy this expansion last out of all of them and you'll feel your money's better earned.  Or after you've purchased all three of aforementioned board expansion sets.
Overall Opinions
312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome worker placement game.
7610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ths is the #1 game in our house now. very addictive and brings back memories of child hood. almost any one can play

1300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ticket to Ride is a good family and/or friend game. Easy to learn, fun to play, and the pace is fast. Looking to add the '1910 add on' that introduces different game play and more destination cards. With four or five players I believe the game is best. A definite keeper.

The game has a couple of shortcomings that keep it from being rated as 5-stars.  The playing cards are smaller than standard playing cards, which is a bit of a pain considering the amount of shuffling you need to do in the game.  There is also a small number of destination tickets.  However, both of these shortcomings can be overcome with the USA 1910 expansion pack&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Days-of-Wonder-Ticket-to-Ride-1910-Expansion/dp/B000K8FYAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Days of Wonder Ticket to Ride 1910 Expansion</a>&nbsp;which has standard sized cards and more than 2x the destination tickets.  I view this expansion as necessary for the game.
3855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The model is good quality, as are ALL X-Wing Miniatures.  The pilot and droid cards that come with this ship are really fantastic, and this is a fun ship to fly in the game.  Rebel players will definitely want this.  Don't buy more than one, though, it's an expensive ship to fly!
8738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Durable enough for kids to play with.  Obvious, don't body slam it.  The expanding is mesmerizing.  It can be hung from ceiling kept full size open.
  Trade your shares two for one into the new parent corporation
Third, the game teaches the basic skills of board games.  The hardest lesson kid have to learn with this game is to...take turns.  Yes, this might be one of the first times in their young lives when kids are confronted with the regiment of structure that will afflict them the rest of their lives.  But from board games like "Candy Land" to sports like baseball, structure and rules are a basic consideration.  Strategy and tactics come later, but learning to take turns comes first (and I could argue is a basic lesson in civil behavior).
8089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Has the actual "game" like cards and money but my kids don't play with those at all, haha.  It's the version I remember as a kid from the 80s.  I don't like that the box has the Shrek/Minion version on the side since my son asks for that one all the time but from what I read, those are a disappointment to those of us who grew up with this game.
6550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift and the person loved it and played nonstop on Christmas
4383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	grand daughter loves it
 I usually buy Calphalon Commercial, but I can see the way my Grandkids use this, it's holding up very good, and they love it.
* Serious card players won't see the sense in a game like this. (But then again, who wants to play a game like this with serious card players?)
5199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I still have to read the instructions whenever we pull it out of the old game closet, but it's much easier for someone with my sort of "problems" to understand then let's say prison rules dominoes people try to teach you after a keg stand and you're accepted into their midst (hmm could that be the cause of said "problems").

On the GM side, just about every situational rule you'll need to apply clearly laid out with no unnecessary stuff crowding out useful information.
I received this product at a discounted rate to test in exchange for an honest review. As someone who uses customer reviews to guide my own purchases, I take reviewing products seriously. Please know that my rating of this product was in no way biased. I will be more than happy to try to answer any questions you may have about this product!
My son loves the game by the way and wants to make it a holiday tradition.

5219	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a keeper! Fun, simple to play yet strategic. If you love games this one it worth buying.
8591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When my son (now 24 years old ) was a kid we played this a lot. Today I asked him if he remembered it as he now has  a wife (who loves to play games) and a 3 year old DAUGHTER. Who knows where  the old game went so I'm buying another for him. and of course Chutes and Ladders & Candyland (I'm a 50's child)
7027	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This register works great and keeps my 6 year old busy for hours. She loves playing store. Money looks pretty real too , which is important because she's learning to count money.


6021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a challenging board game that combines different game styles to great effect.  At its hear it is a worker placement game, where you compete to allocate workers and get the most resources.  However, there is also quite a bit of direct competition as well as negotiation as players can fight over locations.  This all ties together very well with the theme of battling biker gangs.  The artwork and manual also work well with the theme.  There is some flexibility in the rules, including two different difficulty settings, which makes it easier to jump in while providing more challenge further down the road.  All in all, this is an entertaining and deep game with an appeal that should extend past just fans of the show
132	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun card game for helping youth talk about anger and coping... played similar to UNO, some of the cards have questions which the players answer when they play the card.
-Soldier Tokens definitely make the winter battles more significant, so you have to alter strategy a bit from the normal rules to avoid losing buildings or victory points.  I think this is good, and I really like the addition.
5314	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Qwirkle is a game that makes you stop and think about size and color relationships.  It only takes about 30 minutes to complete, so it's great for when you don't have an hour to play something.
992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We picked this up for family game nights. We've only played it a few times so far, but we all really liked it. My kids are 11 and 8 and both were able to play by themselves. However, while the 8 year old understood how play when it was her turn, she failed to understand or comprehend the overall objective- which is to complete the routes you picked (and kept in your hand). At the end of the game, while she had the most points for the number of rail cars, she ended up getting the most deductions for incomplete routes. So that resulted in a number of tears on her end and her insistence that she hates this game. However, when an adult is helping her and she is frequently reminded of the objective, she did better. So, perhaps it's not the best game for an 8 year old to play on her own. It's better for slightly older kids or if an adult helps the younger ones. Even so, we enjoyed the game and plan to buy the European version as well as more games from Days of Wonder.

Enjoy.
(9) Frequency Jammer, a 4 point upgrade that lets you assign a stress token to an enemy ship when you do a jam action if they are not already stressed and are outside of range 1.
1160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was purchased by our SGA for the students to play.
4 copilot/gunner cards: 1 Gunner and a Mercenary Copilot
The game is easy to play. There's a simple walk around the board set up in which players take turns answering questions and moving around the board. There are several different kinds of questions: you can watch film clips and answer questions about them, answer questions requiring prior knowledge, solve visual puzzles, or compete to be the first to guess from gradually presented clues.
3121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Soo cute They dangle so nice. they are longer than I thought they would be. they sway nicely lambs are so cute!!

1488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is easy to learn and quickly fun, but we didn't stay into it very long and don't see us playing it long term.  I can see this forgotten within a year unfortunately.
5780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These cards are great and they came in the mail fast.  I am re-learning spanish that I forgot and learning spanish that I didn't know.  I feel like I'm at the beginner stage with learning spanish again and these cards make it very easy to learn a lot of important and common spanish words.  Books have not worked very well for me, but these flash cards are great.
6762	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice quality set.  A fun game for all ages, with many different layouts and levels of difficulty.
5985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played it with my family, we all thoroughly enjoyed it. (We're all adults. Not recommended for children.)
I give this game 4 stars, because DO have fun, we like it and it's educational.  The lack of true ending to the game, I take away a star.
The game requires logic in that you need to plan your route appropriately; longer legs earn greater point values.
2344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchases this as a gift for my niece because my kids have one and really enjoy it. It gets them moving and it is a fun way to find their letters. My 3 year old is uses the letter disks while we play. We use the pictures for my 6 year old to help him learn the sounds of the letters.
The short of the gameplay you roll the seven adventure dice, the player to your left rolls the number of dungeon dice equal to the level of the dungeon you are exploring, you discard the adventures to defeat the monsters, then drink potions or open chests, and then decide if there is enough adventures in your party to continue to the next level. There is the push your luck element, for if you continue and fail, you gain no experience. Also, there is a chance as you explore, the dungeon lord may roll a dragon. If the dragon shows up, then that dice is set aside. Once three dragons show up, the hero must battle the dragon once they clear the dungeon of monsters. In order to do this, you must have three different adventures left to defeat the dragon. So, there is another push your luck mechanic in the game, because you could have plenty of adventures but not have the diversity you need and the dungeon lord rolls three dragons on you on the third level.
1987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our entire family enjoys our elf! It's such a wonderful tradition! I like how it comes in a case so that it can be safely stored away at the end of every season.
4727	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	First, I'll say that the organs are fantastic. The kids love them because they're disgustingly realistic and squishy, and they're made well. However, the clear plastic body shell is horribly, cheaply made. It is sorely misaligned and will barely snap together without all the bones, muscles and organs inside it...and with them inside it, it will not snap completely closed at all. If you can manage to line up some of the tabs, some of the other ones will pop out of place. We spent an entire evening painstakingly trying to get it to actually go together, with no luck.
4614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The banana seems sturdy enough, the tiles are a lovely quality, and the directions are super easy, but the fun is all in the game. My husband and I play Scrabble a lot, but it can take sooo long. This game is much faster, easier, and more fun because everyone plays at once rather than waiting - sometimes endlessly - for another player to make the "right" Scrabble move. Highly recommended.
Second, the game is based on luck (or chance or divine intervention or however you want to characterize it), which means it is a great equalizer.  This is a game where a kid has the same chance of winning as their parents, older siblings, grandparents, babysitters or whoever.  Children are not going to be interested in playing a game they cannot win, which is why "Candy Land" is where they begin instead of "Monopoly" or "Trivial Pursuit."
The game itself is one of my favorites and a true classic, if you never had thus game its worth buying especially if you think you are smart and can figure things out ( buy when they go on sale about  $10 range)
Fun and educational.
3687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BThis cyberpunk-themed card game from top-shelf manufacturer Fantasy Flight puts you in the shoes of one of six "Operatives," or data thieves. Over the course of a game you must infiltrate a facility and steal Data Files. The factory is made up of rooms -- two rows of six cards. Each card represents a room; each each row represents a facility floor. They are placed face down.
Replay Value - 7/10
Amanda Richards, December 28, 2008
8528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family favorite! Such a fun game.
1429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is easy to learn and is a fun game especially if you like trains as we do.  A game of strategy and teaches children to learn to think ahead.

4427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game. Honestly we would just use Scrabble pieces for a similar game called "Go" which ads a new challenge with the numbers on each tile. This version is fun for a more laid back game.
278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	before this I hated running any RPG campaign dealing with towns because it kills the momentum and just becomes 2 hours of haggling for magic items. This helps open up story ideas and plot hooks.
4921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a great family game and also a wonderful classroom strategy game! Wonderful skills taught!
4937	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved the game. Took it to game night and no one knew how to play. Fortunately I made copies of the instructions for  everyone to look at as we played a couple  of games without keeping score, After that we were ready to play a serious game. Everyone enjoyed  it and want me to bring it to our next game night.
4885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great book to keep kids occupied for time.  There are some really challenging puzzles that are perfect for middle school kids.
8418	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	If your kids are older and are really good at following the directions, maybe this could work. Otherwise you will be struggling to put this together while your kids are freaking out impatient to get started. It ruined our Christmas morning hassling with this game. Very annoying.

1624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality! Great purchase! Will buy again!
3) sounds amazing!


5048	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! Buy it. Trust me.
8257	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Many adults don't like playing board games. Why? Because they think that all board games are more-or-less nothing more than sophisticated versions of Candyland - games which rely on nothing more complicated than random chance.
7334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Entertaining and educational!
972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun, timeless game! Easy to most everyone to play. Requires some level of attention but allows conversation as  well.
3604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great deadpool figure. Fits great with marvel select. Bulky but not anything that could take it down. Comes with many accessories. Kattanas break fairly easily so be careful but for the most part great figure!!

1149	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.  It's a great game that both kids and adults can play together and both will enjoy.
1125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So my wife and I enjoy playing board games together. This game is, hands down, one of the best family games out there. No wonder it's one of the top sellers on the market. It's a casual game and mildly competitive (tactical train placements) but gives you enough goals to never get bored. The more players there are, the more fun it is.
This is a review of the Hardback version of the Your Story book for Dresden Files Roleplaying Game.
1925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	FUN


It seems like the biggest challenge is to think in English.  Other languages use different sentence construction and layout, and its very difficult to think in one way and talk in another.  I liken it to the old HP calculators that used RPN to enter #'s, vs a regular calculator that is more direct.  This seems to help with that.

She likes to play restaurant, spa and have her own shop to sell different items like toys and books.

6578	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	xmas gift

8996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome drum! I bought it for my 1 year old grandson. He loves pounding on things. His 3 year old brother plays with it too!
9245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this as a gift for my grandson and tried it out for myself first.  It is a great size for anyone of any age - bigger than toy size and smaller than parade size.  It is good looking and the colours are very bright and cheerful.  The mallets are perfect.  The drum itself makes a great sound whether soft or loud and since my grandson loves to bang on drums - what kid doesn't - the sound of this particular drum is quite pleasant unlike other drums he has.  My grandson will love it and if he doesn't, I'll update this review, but so far I think it's great and would definitely recommend.
875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game!

9136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ours was not made in the USA. I was hoping for a made in the USA drum, because the company does make larger drums made in the USA. However, our kids drum was not made in the USA. The drum is a good drum and my children like it. The sound is good and the drum is well made.
I do suggest that if you buy this game, play it for a bit w/ the base rules, and if you ever start feeling like you are finding it "a bit mechanically repetitive" then pause, go to boardgamegeek and find the variants (one I published in fact) that allow for an "Initiative" system - it will change everything and you'll be back to enjoy this game in no time!
7798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was an instant hit with my boys who are 4 and 5.  I love that the money looks real and you can really start teaching them how to add and subtract with it.  The calculator feature is great but in a world where everyone uses credit cards and calculators, I want to teach the boys how to calculate in their heads.
4398	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game that I have had for awhile.  Bought this copy for a relative who was recuperating from surgery.

We played this with the simpler variation suggested (not using the Muncher cards), and it was a hit with all of us.
Honestly, the game is slightly confusing and we spent a lot of the first two times playing it correcting behavior and referencing the rules. Now that we have the hang of it, it makes for an interesting game night with friends.
3230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my hubby and I since we don't have a lot of two player games. Lots of fun! Beautiful artwork too. Love it!
2694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a gift for a kindergarden class room. They loved it.
He got the idea of it rather quickly and asks to play it with me more than his other games.  This game is a winner in our household!
4667	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for a 5 yrs and beyond. Talking about how the body operates and why to care for herself.  Why her diet must fuel her body...  So cool that she wants to know....  What is this for?,  How does this work?  and inquisitiveness has developed her own powers of common sense and to think...  "If this works this way, then maybe that will work the same way..."  She's trying to figure it out for herself and I love how inventive she is becoming...  HOPEFULLY  not afraid of failure...  Just try again!
4592	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my verbal eight year old based on the reviews.  We have had it one year now and have played it 3 or 4 times.  For us, the negatives are: 1) you are essentially playing alone, building your own crossword without even needing to know what the other person is doing.  The only time you pay attention to them is when they take a tile and you have to take one too.  2) the child (at least mine) sometimes needs help fitting in awkward letters or reconfiguring her board, but she's on her own in this game.  Handicapping the adults by having them pull more tiles doesn't even this out so overt help is needed, which makes it less fun. 3) the child is not learning any new words since they don't need to pay any attention to any board other than their own, so the educational value is less.
3640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm horrible with sizes. I read them and nod, thinking I know what I'm getting them I'm always surprised. This time in a good way. I have a friend who is new to tabletop gaming so I bought him this and a set of dice as a gift. The good surprise comes in now - this bag is large enough to grow his collection of dice in. He's since been happily carrying his bag to game night, talking about new dice he found. That's a super win in my book.
3606	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great collectors item
8482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids (6 and 9) love this game and play it all the time!
7854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are only "large" by current standards but are the size of the blocks I played with as a child. My 2 year old LOVES them and carry's them around the house. Great blocks, very solid, and a real size for children.
9547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. I do math stations in my classroom and my students love to play some multiplication games. A lot of times, my students will answer a math multiplication card on a board game and if their partner disagrees with the product given, they'll check it on the board. It's such a life saver. My students didn't like having to look the answer up on a chart or a table. They prefer checking their answer on the board. Some reviews have complained that the buttons stick, but that hasn't happened. I hope to
4 ships/pilots: Corran Horn (8, 35pts), Etahn A'baht (5, 32pts), Blackmoon Squadron Pilot (3, 29pts) and Knave Squadron Pilot (1, 27pts);

At this point I've played roughly 10+ games (I played different heroes most of the time, while roommate focused on 1).  All heroes appear to be fairly balanced except for maybe Alexian, but I feel like he is balanced but more experienced players could handle him without a problem.  All games feel unique, I didn't fall into using the same strategies over and over again.  I had to keep adjusting (even though he was using the same character) my playstyle as well as how I read my opponent.
The plush is soft and correct .
6282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i love the espeon i recieved. shipping was fast and it was soooo soft and cuddlely. i named her esper. I was super happy even tho it was a bootleg
As for "feeling" the TV show, the situation is gettin better. More characters are included, allies, new crisis, the Mark VII fighters, new skill cards with zero points, more options to role playing it a little bit...
5265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son had requested we buy family games for his 3, 5 and 7 year olds at Christmas.  I read so many reviews on games I'd never heard of and this was one that I took a chance on.  When she opened it, my almost 8 year old grand daughter exclaimed that "this is the game we have in our gifted class at school" and was so excited that I knew I'd made the right choice.
4605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is 7 and loves this game. We play together, and she also plays herself by seeing how many words she can make from tiles she draws from the banana. It's a great way to practice spelling.
7092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning toy!! 5 year old loves!
4111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it's cute, haven't started it yet.
First off the only negative thing I will say about the game play is that for first-time players it is a bit confusing to understand and grasp some of the basics.  Learning how your turn works is fairly simple and it's great that they have the step by step process on the board itself so you never make a mistake.  But some details are easily missed at first and are a TINY bit difficult to find in the rule book (but they are there nonetheless) such as:  Actions that happen to the active player who activates a special card, how priority works with start beats, how to discard cards in particular situations, etc.
6712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best strategy games of all times!  I still have my family's from the 70s in the original packaging and bought this as a gift.  I hope they love it as much as we did.

2784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. will do for what I need it for. I am going to add more buttons that are removable...as only one is removable. But worth the purchase price.

We had a BLAST.
1446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game for friends and family get togethers.  It is just one of those good wholesome games that make you think the entire way through it plotting your technique as well as how to possibly screw your opponent.  Hours of endless fun and gaming!!!  I would give it more stars but 5 stars is the limit!
1472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is a game designer and buys games for us to play.  This is one of my favorites--I've even won a few times over my sons who are both smarter than me.  As an educator, I think it's a fun way to learn geography.  We love playing it over the holidays.  It's not too easy and not too difficult.  2 to 4 of us have played it and enjoyed it equally.  I see this Christmas my son is asking for the 1910 version, as it's on his wish list.  I want to try the Europe extension so will ask for that. This is a quality game that everyone should enjoy.
2149	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!!  I don't know football real well but this game is tons of fun anyways.
His wife was even more concerned, and threw me a few dagger looks.  Apparently she doesn't care much for tentacles.  Whoops!
There is a Dice Tower review on YouTube about Kingsburg and and this expansion that helped me to make the decision to buy the game and later the expansion.

great. easy to share
7506	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The board is so flimsy that if (or I should say "when") it gets bumped, the pieces move around and it's difficult to remember where they were.  The pieces are too large for the squares they sit on, and the graphics are confusing.  I did not enjoy playing with the kids at all.  Maybe the "classic" game offered here on Amazon is better.

6968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My six year old daughter love it.  That's all that matters.
Not only does it protect your face with a high SPF (70+), it does not sting, feel excessively sticky or greasy, and it's good for your skin.
By chance, I happened into his bedroom to look at the game and noticed it came with character layout sheets.  I was thankful I was able to snag a clean copy of the sheet for the manufacturer-authorized photocopying before he had used them all to develop his characters (I think there are only 5 sheets in the box.) I now have one set aside in my office for the future.
- Transportation and Traffic Signs

4774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning toy
8966	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love this, although my wife and I spent hours playing around with it, too.  Would definitely recommend for 4yrs and up.  My two year old loves to mess around with it, but my 4yr old can put it together and make things with the pieces.
4712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a very, very cool visual aid for science. We are a homeschooling family with active, creative kids who love to explore the world around them. This cool squishy human body allows them to explore their own inner workings. It's cool and its a great gross out toy for grandpa!

2808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son recently started preschool and became obsessed with Pete the Cat.  He really loves this puppet because he is very, very soft and fun to play with.  One of the buttons can be "pulled" off like in the story, and he even has an adorable belly button.


4115	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So, nothing really special here, just more dice for your Star Wars: Imperial Assault adventures.  While these extra dice are not necessary for the game, it is really nice to have them, especially when playing the campaign game when there is up to five players.  Instead of scrambling and searching for the dice each time you activate and attack, you'll be much more likely to have some nearby.  It's not a huge deal, but it is really nice.  Short story, this dice pack makes a great game even better.
592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have been playing Quiddler for years and are always introducing friends and family to this fun game.  I purchased 4 to give out for Christmas gifts.  Even sent one to Italy this year.  It's a nice balance of luck and skill.  If you like scrabble, you'll like Quiddler.  It's a shorter, less intense game and helps everyone work on word skills.
7846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for our 2 year old grand daughter. This will be a favorite for years to come as she grows in understanding it's multiple concepts & uses!
3471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy and well made. Invaluable tool for making the game move smoothly.
- it is fun!
5671	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These are fun and just the right amount of sillyness.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
8675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves this sphere. Two of his cousins have one and he was happy to get one for himself.
Now about the second book, the Rules Reference. I feel like companies are often trying to design their games so you don't have to reference additional sources while playing, which is great... however, many of them fail in this effort, so I really appreciate having physical reference should a question come up like the word Cannot is absolute cannot be countermanded by other abilities. This is the kind of granular questions either new players need to clear things up or seasoned players need to reference to settle disagreement.
6143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	not bad. short battery life, but ok
1043	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. I love playing this game with my friends. It's really amazing and captive. Thanks
3065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was very cute and appeared to be high quality.  I was sending it to my husband's granddaughter, though, so I didn't get to spend a lot of time with it.  I chose this plushie because it didn't have button eyes and was for a one year old child.  It had nice soft "fur", so I think she will like to cuddle with it.
1327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played it a lot with my family and my 8 year old has caught on enough to challenge for winning the game.  Simple enough to learn and strategic enough to be fun again and again.
5858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy coloring and this is great for adults to have fun with.
2282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought to put up and give to my granddaughter next Thanksgiving. Sure she will enjoy it. Was cheaper than the other elf.
5572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love this game, but admit that many friends don't like the changeability of the rules, but can change three times in a turn if you have 4-5 players.
Why am I ranting too much about "not providing level 2-5 adventures," you may ask?  I do have a healthy interest of becoming a casual GM.  Yet, since my last year of college (the only year when I got into RPG games) we lack a competitive GM in our small playing group (all of us are semi new to the game).  Simply put, all of us are genuinely interested in getting into the game, but as young adults who are trying to get by, we simply lack the experience and time.
7541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game and some improvements through the years. Great first game.
He already knows his numbers (he has played with number flash cards for months) so this aspect of the board was no problem. I do agree that it is a little confusing as to which way to go but it's not that bad.
The biggest downside to this particular product is the packaging. The box opens with a side flap, the kind that tucks into the box, and is very thin. My daughter stepped on the box Christmas morning and the box never did regain it's nice shape after that. A firmer box that came in two pieces and fit into each other like games typically come in would work much better, especially since the game pieces fall out so easily when you have a mashed box. It wish it had come with some kind of sealable plastic container to hold the game pieces since the box is so flimsy.
5561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had never played Fluxx before, and probably never would have were it not for this Oz version. That definitely sold me on it. It truly is the game of "ever changing rules", which can take a little time getting used to. The basic premise is easy to understand, its just drawing cards and playing cards. However, Its not easy to explain the depth the game can reach without visuals or actually participating. On our first round, my friends became sort of frustrated with learning the rules and I was worried they would lose interest. Soon though, everyone got the hang of it and had a ton of fun. The OZ theme is awesome, colorful, and well thought out. I would have no problem purchasing Other Fluxx games if they had similar themes (though not many of the ones currently availible interest me much). An expansion for this would also be wonderful! An interesting feature that I should mention is that anyone can join the game at any time, making this great for family gatherings and holidays. Even if the game has been going for 20 minutes, new players can jump right in. I think small children, say under 8, might have a little troubling playing. There is also a lot of text written on some of the cards and can sometimes take repeated readings to understand. If you've never played fluxx, but like card games and OZ, you can't lose. I've heard from other gamer friends, that OZ and Zombie Fluxx are the favorites. I can see why!
3368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In a game already full of decisions this expansion just adds more, but I love it!
4369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for word lovers.
7518	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nicely made board game.  The updated pictures on the board are great.  They teach toddlers the difference between good and bad.
Also, and I know this would extend the game length as well, playing with 3 is a little uninteresting which I think is a poor number for any negotiation game.  Negotiation games are at there finest with more players so there is more wheeling and dealing.  With 3 it is easy to identify who is winning and the other two tend to gang up on that one player.  the base game supports 4 players and with the expansion you can accommodate 6.  I recommend at least the four even though this is looking like a 3-4 hour experience at that point.
Without getting into too many details about all the rules, I do need to mention the dragon and how experience tokens are obtained as well as what happens if you can't defeat the monsters and/or dragon at a given level.  Whenever a dragon is rolled, it is set aside in an area known as the dragon's lair (these dice can't be re-rolled with the Scroll, but can be manipulated with certain hero abilities).  After the Monster and Loot phase, it is then the Dragon Phase.  If there are 3 or more dragons the hero must defeat the dragon.  To do this the player must use 3 different adventurers (or Companions as they are really called in the rulebook).  This can be done with the help of certain treasure tokens that can act as companions too.  So, here is a good spot to point out that while Champions are really versatile, you still need a variety of companions to defeat dragons.  When you defeat a dragon, you receive 1 experience point and you get 1 treasure.
6064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome boardgame racing!!!
6789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6-year-old daughter and I love to play this game.  She loves being the code maker and is also coming along as the code breaker.  A great game for school age kids and adults.
would not recommend to anyone unless they know how to download and remap controllers to work.
2593	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	By now, Munchkin has become something of an icon in the non-electronic gaming world. The game play is relatively straightforward: (1) collect cards that give you points, (2) flip over cards that depict monsters, (3) compare your points to the "level" of the monster, (4) defeat the monster or attempt to escape (depending on the results of your points comparison).

9958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R1YZJSHEQZ8BMM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1CCtImMwlS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61r8gWszCsS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">The Pacific Play 6' Tunnel is fun for kids and house pets alike. Our daughter loves to crawl through the tunnel so that she can "explore" the other side - and so does our cat. The tunnel is lightweight and can collapsed so that it takes up very little room during storage (see the video). it takes less than a minute to open and collapse the tunnel - so set-up and clean-up is a snap!
The gameboard is a little plain - considering there are lots of things they could have done with the imagery and playing spaces - but the questions, the game tokens and even the cards are detialed and amazing.

5660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my fiance as a christmas gift, and he and our friends love this game. Anytime there's some lull in something to do, this is one of 2 of out go-to card games. It's very easy to learn and catch on to, and a lot of fun. The games are always so different. I recommend this
9904	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids ages 2 1/2 and 18 months LOVE this tunnel. We got it for the kids for Christmas and keep it put away and bring it out about 3X a week in the evenings when we have had a slow day and the kids didn't get any energy out. They go CRAZY, they play and run and scream and crack up! My husband drags them through the house super fast and they sit in it and laugh their butts off. You can play peek a boo, or roll balls through it, the possibilities are endless!




I would not say this toy is educational, but it does require thought and rule following.

3693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This review is for the Call of the Wild expansion for the Mansions of Madness board game. Call of the Wild is not a self-contained game; you will need&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mansions-of-Madness/dp/1616610158/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mansions of Madness</a>&nbsp;in order to play it.

  Sell your shares
Cons
7963	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4-yr-od daughter got this for Christmas and I noticed the older kids kept wanting a turn! It "cha-ching's!" when you open the drawer, the money is very life-like, and the little card is sturdy. I love that it shuts off on it's own and isn't one more toy requiring batteries. It's a sturdy little machine that I am sure we will have for many years to come!


9888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I found this easy to put together and it was perfect for the beach.  Enough room for my 1 year old granddaughter to either stand or lie down.  The only down side would be that it doesn't come with anything to secure it down, so I bought separate stakes, but other than that, I loved it.
Yes, I spend about 20 minutes a day every other day or so making the elf do the silly things but I laugh hysterically the entire and my child thinks it's magically so I've had 2 of the best Christmas's ever so far...
UPDATE: This toy lasted two and a half months before the motor that turns the gears broke and the toy stopped working for good.
6287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gave away as a gift
958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the most enjoyable games our family has played in a long, long time!
Learn a lot about US & Canadian geography.

4437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Unusual game
8702	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, fun, interesting. My autistic child likes it as does everyone else! not the most sturdy of toys though.

9204	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'd purchased one of these for one Grand Child in the past & now this one for another!  These are great toys - get the mind working as well as the toy gears.
5859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my elderly mom to keep her mind going.  She likes it.
5/5
It is a fine idea in theory, but the reality of playing it is rather painful.
9522	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this was a gift for school for are grandchildren
1621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys LOVE this thing!  My 9, 7 and 2 and a half year old sons love seeing what our elf has been up to while they are in bed or at school, (the older ones.). This last December was our second Christmas with "peanut" and they can't get enough of his antics.  I think it was a good purchase even if he is a lot of work.  My family is happy with our elf on a shelf.
7333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is great little game for the kids.  A nice take on Slap Jack that makes them think a little before just slapping any old thing.

199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	all good.
3152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My whole family has to deal with constant dry skin.  This product has been fantastic for us!  It has especially made a difference for my children.  Highly recommended!
Trouble in the morning!  Trouble in the afternoon!  Trouble in the evening and right into the night.  A lot of yelling and screaming of both excitement and frustration!  Hour after hour of noise and that popping sound the dice makes.
I love how the instructions include different ways to play, especially ways to play if your playing with a younger player.


345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing expansion to Lords of Waterdeep. I love the bigger reward missions, but the best part of the expansion is undoubtedly the addition of corruption. Must have expansion.


6011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I remember when I was a kid, games based off of TV shows and movies were crummy.  They were usually just glorified versions of Candy Land or even The Game of Life -- no real decision making, and the theme is just pasted onto the game play.
We think it has the right mix of luck and skill.  It can initially seem too luck based (draw bad cards), but you realize there are strategies to deal with that.

There are many versions and expansions for this game, all of which are fun and interesting and worth looking at to see which best suits your group of players.  But, this is the most basic form of the game and has the most straight-forward set of rules:

9813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very enjoyable for the grandkids
2402	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A terrific product and a great seller!
* The high current amps have a warm and clean sound.  Low frequencies are not boomy and provide a clean "thud" when called for.  High frequencies seem smooth without the harsh "edge" produced by so much of today's digital equipment.  I have another THX Ultra rated receiver that does not meet the quality of the sound produced by this receiver through the identical speaker systems.

Monty Python Fluxx is the second game in the Fluxx series that uses Creeper cards, the other being Zombie Fluxx. The two games do play differently, though. Zombie Fluxx comes packed with Creepers (the Zombies), while Monthy Python Fluxx has only a half dozen. But while Zombie Fluxx gives you plenty of ways to get rid of your Creepers, Monthy Python Fluxx does not, making it tougher to win if you're stuck with one.

1737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute! I wish it wasn't so expensive but its a cute idea for a Christmas tradition.
The new edition that I bought is made a little cheaply.  The trays that hold the drawn tiles are cardboard that you put together- well I put mine together, not you.  Its not beautiful to look at, but whats gorgeous about corporate greed?  Dare I say the plainness is part of the theme?  That said, the share cards are easy on the eyes.
There is generally no clear-cut best person at this game, where a veteran player will always beat novices. My family took it a step further and set up a competition, where each final placing scores a certain number of points and determines your seed in the next race. We like this setup because it gives significance to each finish, rather than just quitting because it becomes obvious you're not going to get 1st place.
8122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Just as good as the classic! The kids enjoyed playing this who are 8 and 4. Was easy to set up with the instructions too since there is a LOT to set up.
1447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	There is a reason that "Ticket to Ride" has sold over 2 million copies and has won numerous awards in several countries. I had not even heard of this board game until recently but after receiving it from Amazon last week our whole family became addicted and we have played it almost every day.  It's simple enough so that young children can learn it but has enough strategy that there are entire web sites dedicated to playing it more thoughtfully.  It really is a great game.

4752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice model. My children can learn about the human body.
5011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best board games around, easy to learn, fun to play. I highly recommend it.
2405	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our older daughter has the Reindeer so we ordered the St. Bernard for our two year old and she absolutely loved him! Both girls' can't wait for next fall for their friends to return!
7750	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	4 year old Granddaughter loved it! We play a different "store" each time she visits! Credit card it a nice addition.
6611	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The version received can be found in Walmart right now for about $7.77. Even without a discounted price, the game is only about $10.00. I paid the almost $17.00 in hopes of receiving the actual one and got this off-brand version instead. At least that's what I call it. If this version is supposed to be an upgrade from the original, I must not know what upgrade really means. This ones is cheaply made and not nearly as nice or as decorative as the original. I am very disappointed, especially since they had the audacity to keep the original picture of the board game up. Also for an extra note, when I purchased this I do not recall the other pictures that I see now visible when I first found this seller. Makes me wonder, because this version of Trouble is not worth $17 or so. It doesn't even sell for that much at Toys R Us without a discount. Highly disappointed. I would not recommend this to anyone that has played the original version of Trouble. You will not be pleased.
2308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great bendable elf! Gets into all kinds of places at our house. Highly recommended to all for your holiday fun.
1 title card: Slave I and
There are only two rules: The Elf on the Shelf must never be touched; and The Elf on the Shelf will not move or speak when anyone is watching it--its job is to watch and listen. This wonderful story and magical scout elf will quickly become a beloved Christmas tradition, one your family will look forward to each and every year.
6716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game - perfect for developing logic and brain function. Easy to travel with too.
This is a role-playing game (as opposed to a board or card game).  Most of the Star Wars games released over the past few years have fallen into the board or card game categories.  While board games and card games allow all of the players to participate in the game in the same way, most role-playing games to include this one require one of the players to take the role of the Gamemaster.  The Gamemaster or GM has to prepare and run the opposition for the other players (generally 2-4 other folks who are trying to accomplish some goal proposed by the GM).
7754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love how no batteries needed. my son loves the play money and credit card. we played grocery store yesterday and he was the cashier. that was fun. then I used the small tablet it comes with wrote out a small amount check I needed cashed. he took check and I told him I wanted small bills. so he had to count out the bills and I had him use the calcuator just make sure he was giving me correct amount. It was fun to see him learning.
Since this is a unique figure, you'll only need one of this expansion regardless of the mode you plan to play (i.e., campaign or skirmish). All things considered I think Boba Fett adds lots of variety to the game.
1366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Highly addicting playing with 2 or up to 5 players.  Very great game for the whole family, highly recommend it.
Game play is solid, with a lot of replayability. This game is actually copyrighted! Perhaps one of the best features of this award-winning game is that it's made in America.
I can remember playing it with my children so long ago and now I have purchased it for my grandchildren.
3685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Being a fan of the Gears series for the xbox I was excited to check out the board game version.
2285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The whole idea of the story is that this little elf was sent to watch your children's behavior until Christmas eve and then report back to Santa. This is a really cute story and in my opinion Christopher Pop-in-kins is the least creepy looking elf on the market to hide around your house. His arms and legs are positionable so he can sit, hang and lean on things. We have used this for 2 years now and it has been a hit with my boys (4 and 5).
1376	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An easy game to learn, but with endless strategy and luck.  Good for 2-4 players.  Build your routes and block your opponents.  Fun for anyone 10+ in age.
2813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The buttons don't all pop off like in the story, my son keeps tugging at them.
2586	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Niece loves it!
5228	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this alot
Merry Christmas!!

6223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was happy with how the costume looks but it is too expensive, in my opinion. Just like some other reviewers, the material is too thin and you have to wear something under or it is definitely see through. I wouldn't have paid so much for this costume if I had known how flimsy/thin the material is.
-The new GOO are excellently well done, and provide an added challenge. One extends the playtime by about 33%, and the other is HARD. They are unique in their playstyle from any other GOO.
7724	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Christmas present for 2 & 5 year old. They love to play it. Not as gawdy as some newer versions, but not quite as old fashioned as original.
9791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game in our house.  So much fun.  This is the updated version of the game, instead of a board, it is a mat, basically the same game though.  Great game of strategy and teamwork.
We loved it and our kids love it.

4314	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for settling down/getting ready for bed.  It is quiet and can be played by anyone who can spell.  Players a range and rearrange their letter tiles into interlocking words.  I played it twice with adults and six or seven times with children.
Now she's a running, screaming, jumping, independent 2 yo who still drags this tunnel out of the back corner of the play area (where I've tried to hide it) and squeals excitedly when we pop it out for her to play in.

616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old loves this game!
5829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. My 3rd grade daughter loves it. My kids are fighting over it. I may have to buy another one. Great for car rides or quiet time.
i am so glad i bought this! we have the remo kids bongos, floor tom, and konga drum, and the lollipop hand drum and tambourine. we like hearing our three kids bang around.
2030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids LOVED their elf this year. It was our first yeat to have JACK in our home and he made quite an impression on the kids. For a cheap Doll, the kids did great with him. our biggest issue was remembering to move him nightly.

1372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've owned this game for a couple of years and bought this one for some friends...who wanted it after they played it with us.
I own both an RF interlink and a DX6i so this controller is paired with my GF's WinXP laptop so she can practice flying, learning orientation, etc.
1) The new card art is GREAT, they incorporated much form the INWO game, but the card stock is not playing card quality like the it was in the 1980's version. Instead they went with a cheaper CCG type of card. Do yourself a favor and buy some clear card sleeves for the cards immediately!
427	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family really enjoyed spending hours competing with each other with this toy. I couldn't imagine why they thought it was so fascinating because I don't do well with these kinds of things, but the others did. In fact, the larger, more expensive Christmas gifts were ignored quite a bit of the time because they couldn't stop playing with this.
5892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Four of us (all with "euro" experience) played last night and everyone enjoyed themselves.  None of us had played before.  Reading through the manual is a little daunting and I highly recommend watching some of the youtube videos out there for this game.  After the first round, I understood the mechanics and by the end of the game, the rest of the table had too.
3776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The concept for the game is really inventive, even years later.  But there are some dominant strategies and you'll find yourself banning them once you discover them, or else the game loses some of its fun.  Ban deck searching cards from the start, just because they slow the game down.

1983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kid having a great time with it.. It came in exactly when it was supposed to. Neatly packaged, everything was perfect!
However, the first time we played, we kept referring to the rules and that slowed things down.  This is why we both agree that we not only want to play it again just the two of us but also play it with a third or fourth person so we can get a better feel for the game.  I would like to see if we can find someone who is unfamiliar with the books/show to play with us because I have a feeling that a non-fan may not find the game as much fun.  Then again, I could be wrong. So I am going to give this game 4 stars because my husband and I definitely enjoyed it and I can say with some confidence that our confusion is not indicative of how well explained the game play is.  (We just confuse a bit easily because one of us tends to overthink everything.)  Should we find a non-fan to play with us and that person enjoys the game as much as we do Ill joyfully update this review and give the game 5 stars.


I really enjoy this. The tiles are wooden and decent quality. It comes with a pouch to keep all of the tiles together. My favorite aspect of this game is that it builds memories with the whole family!
4799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I do research as a graduate student and this product helped me win first place from of 300 entries for Science Day.  The presentation was in front of all Phd panel judges!!!  This product is excellent for any Science Project.  Mine was on Organ Donation!!!
9317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son uses this drum at his music class so we got him one for home and he loves it.  He also uses it to help him stand up so its pretty sturdy and durable.  Definitely recommend.

5186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun family game, truly good for all ages.  Unlike some games where it's difficult for the younger ones to beat the older ones, this game has a more level playing field and my younger child can beat the older one, and the kids can beat the adults.  The theory behind it reminds me a bit of rumikube.  One of our favorite family games!
533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	All Good

8549	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a ton of fun for adults and kids.  Perfect balance of strategy and chance.  Individual hands take only minutes, but keep a running score to make it take as long as you want.  I would highly suggest that you try playing with the simpler rules where you have 2 of your 4 cards exposed.  Why?  Well it easier for the kids and, ahem, the adults to remember their 4 cards as they eventually see them.  Even better is that since the hand can be ended at any time, seeing 2 of someones cards gives you the strategy of trying to really stick it to someone if they have two 9s and are in the lead (you want a low score) even if your own score isn't super-low.  Also, we allow the swap card to have no rules: any of your cards for any of theirs and it's fun handing someone a 9 for their 0 or a card you haven't even gotten to see yet for a 2 only to see you gave your opponent a zero later.  Cards are cute and seem well made after moderate use.  This game would be fun for adults too if you like playing rummy, hearts, pitch which it feels somewhat similar to.
Our 5 year old even loves it!  He's getting the hang of it and only needs minimal help.  Our teenagers and on down also love it, as do we, the parents.  For some reason it's extremely satisfying to complete your routes!!
(4) Two promo cards available (can be found at the company web-site if your game store doesn't have them)
3013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are Great!  I bought these to entertain my kids on the plane ride and they were perfect.  Little fingers fit well larger fingers (female) fit ok and really large finger (Male) Not well at all.
1838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality.  You can never have too many Elf on the Shelfs:)

3718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Netrunner is a great, great game. Lots of strategic depth, endless replayability, and plenty of expansion content to help keep your decks fresh. However, it's important to note that Netrunner is a CARD game (Living Card Game to be specific), not a boardgame (the contents of this box are basically some decks and some tokens), and is incredibly complex in its play pattern -- much more so than Magic. If you're considering this game for a fun game night with friends, it's not going to be a great choice. It takes a few hours to learn the basic rules, then a few play-throughs to understand the mechanics, and then hundreds of hours to fully grasp the potential of deckbuilding within the universe.
I will definitely not think twice about buying more FFG games in the future as well. This is quality stuff although they could work on their box storage a bit. I know there's a company out there making quality inserts to remedy this problem, but I would prefer to just get good storage options for the box, well out of the box.

3576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The colors and the quality are great. The graphics are cute and keep my granddaughter happy and busy. She puts them in her journal.
499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like Scrabble, you'll love this game.


- Luck of the draw can make a very big impact in regards to destination tickets
9182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having had two children in the high school marching band, and one in a college marching band, I am pretty familiar with the sound of drums. While this drum is certainly not even close to professional quality, for a child it is superb. I totally disagree with the negative review complaining about its tone.
672	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my kid and I played this on our car trip. Loved it!


7537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students love playing this game.
3670	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Disappointed with these magnets.  They are thin and difficult to crack out of their magnet shell.  If I had known, I would have passed on this one.
Once all the adventurers have completed all three delves the game is over and the players count up their experience points. The one with the most wins!
4056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome detail and includes one of the best pilots! Really like this pack.

My son had to go to occupational therapy and struggled with fine motor skills. This game is good for that. Like with everything else quality just isn't what it used to be but this is close. I also like that this is a game that kids can occupy themselves with for a while. My daughters and I play some kind of game together every day but sometimes it is nice to have one they can do together with out me. My youngest is only 4 and she really struggles trying to get the pieces out lol. But she is determined. A game I think we will enjoy for a long time.
1078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BEST GAME EVER. This was actually the last board game I played with my Dad before he passed away. I will always play it thinking of him and his model train set that he loved. A great game for young and old, we will play it for years to come.
5598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an amazing game edition. It can take a playthrough to fully get down the rules, but once you play you know exactly what to do.
My son ejoyed this toy very much and for the price it's a good toy.
My only disappointment is that they have removed the character, Plumpy, from the board. I don't really know WHY I'm disappointed though, as my dad used to always send me back to Plumpy and laugh hysterically, making me cry every time. Oh, the nostalgia.
2827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Mike Curato's Little Elliot books, you will also love this adorable, soft, cuddly Elliot!  I gave one each to my adult daughter and  to two pre-school children, and they were so cute I wanted to keep one for myself.  The pre-schoolers were delighted with them, and their parents told us that they take them everywhere with them.  (Of course, they liked the books, too!)  Elliot is VERY soft and cuddly, and he's just 9" tall, which is the perfect size for a little elephant.  Elliot has special adventures and learns good lessons in the stories, and he can have more unique adventures in the home of a child who receives him as a gift.
7260	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game. My kids like it a lot. Easy to learn and modify for all ages.
6073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I looooove this game...I was convinced that I would within five minutes of reading n watching videos about it.. just one of those that you know you're going to be into even before playing... I love formula one so the theme just strikes a chord with me. It's a racing game of luck and strategy.... because you start with the shifting of the gear that you want to use for your movement, then select the dice associated to the number corresponding to that gear. Once the dice rolls you will move you little car according to the number you get on the dice.. fx: 1-2 gear is a 4 sided die, so you have four possible options. If you roll a 1, you move one space, 2 is 2 and so forth. But there's a lot of stops that you have to make, so if you move ahead too much and don't make your required stops, you lose points and those points are crucial to make sure your brakes don't mess up. There's also points for your engine, body, etc... It's really cooL. I have not played any other racing game but I have watched some videos about other tittles and I think this is the best one of it's genre. If you're looking for a great fun game or are a bit on the fence about which racing game to get... I recommend you go with this one.
5555	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game! I am a huge Wizard of Oz fan and a huge Fluxx fan, so when I saw they had an Oz version I was super thrilled. I love how the rules of the game change as you go. It's a really fun game.
1208	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I am not a huge board game player so I am not speaking from a place of master knowledge however, I am totally dumbfounded by the amount of reviews  of this game let alone the high stars of this game. Can you say, "boring?"  Seriously --- are people starving for stimulation in a board game since othello or risk that they would rate this 5 stars?  This game is so boring that it will put a 2 year old to sleep.  Yeah...yeah...yeah you have to look at your train cards and destination cards and figure out how do I get the most points from "A" city to "B" city but what a snore!  We did not even finish the game.  My kids love board games like monopoly, clue, life, and risk so I purchased this game for us to play over Christmas Break... We quit after playing 15 minutes---so stupid.
About the only drawback is the fact that once you discard the card is gone. I think adding a "rummy" like rule of taking all the cards might add for more competition and higher scores. overall this game is sure be a party favorite.
Playing Time: 15 minutes
1758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wish his hands would separate and be bendable with wire inside.
9935	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love science, and they love to watch things grow. Great product to watch butterflies emerge from their chrysalis. Highly recommend for school aged kids.
However, the supplied mallets may be easy on the ears of adults but they produce a dull thudding sound. Try real snare drumsticks. Really cheap ones work great. I really like the Zildjan 5A-dip sticks - yup, even for baby drummers. Toddlers have a great sense of what works and what doesn't.
Parental Advisory: Safe for kids
kids and adults love it.


8311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We really liked this game when the kid were growing up an now I'm ordering these for my grand-kids.  Very cool!
1801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephews loved it...and so did their Momma ;)
5171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family fun
1404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Based on the excellent reviews, we bought Ticket to Ride (original USA version) for Christmas.  We love board games in our house.  Our favorites include many Game Wright games, Balderdash, Pictionary, Banagrams.  We are willing to try any kind of game.


The rules seem complicated but after a turn or two everyone got right into it. We played with 6 players has I have the expansions.  My friends were a mix of die hard fans of the show and people who've never seen the show. After a couple of turns people really started to get the hang of it. Everyone felt that the game was solid especially my married friends who loved negotiating and pushing people out of territories. My friend spent her time collecting guns and using the fact that she had the most guns to push people out and negotiate deals.  My other friend quietly collected contraband and sold it on the low. Other gangs were trying to position themselves and working with and against each other. In the end, we found that there might be some strategy to get guns quick and muscle your way to control as much of the board as possible. As the game is very dynamic this strategy might not work when it comes to the anarchy cards that change up the game and the situation.
6932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift for a 4 year old boy, he loved it.
5893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is truly a great game, and though I haven't played all of his designs, I consider it the best game Stefan Feld has made and it has quickly become one of my favorite games. It's just so rewarding, the modular board and set up ensures familiarity but fresh decisions every game. The future round information provided allows for quite a bit of planning, but you don't have to and can play more or less tactically and still have a great time as well. While a lot of the feld designs feel very much like point salads and lack a real feeling of tension (a notable example is the commonly lauded Trajan, which I rate highly as well, but which feels like it runs out of steam with everyone just kind of falling across the finish line), this game plays very very tight and every action is really important. This is a bit on the heavy side as a result, and depending on your expertise the set up can appear INCREDIBLY intimidating, but the rules aren't that tough and especially if they are explained to you the average gamer should have no problem picking it up pretty quickly. HIGHLY recommended.
6123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it! Ciel is so cute! And I was so happy that the box also contains two hands for Sebastian. So, now both Sebastian and Ciel bring joy into my life. Thank you!
It was a little bit hard to attach to bone parts to the body. I had to help my 9 yrs old boy.

7318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is fun & can get a little wild with everyone shouting over each other. We play it a lot.
My only word of caution is that if you have a child who still believes and can read, be sure to cut out the dedication page in the book, which essentially gives the secret away.  I almost didn't catch it and I know my voracious reader would have seen it right away... and honestly, as short as childhood is these days, I want her to hang on to the magic and wonder of Christmas for as long as she can.  :)
Scoring - 8/10


This game has seen many versions over the years since I was a child, but it still remains one of my favorite games.  I really enjoy playing against my son as he's become quite good at it in a very short time.  If you're looking for a fun, action-packed game, then "Battleship" is a good choice.
9849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this toy.  He got it at about 16 months and loved it right away - he is 19 months now and still loves it and so does his 2 year old cousin.  I am happy because someday when he doesn't care about putting the shapes together it can just be eggs for his play kitchen.  The carton is hard to open, so we just don't snap it shut.


7836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the classic game for preschoolers.  the board is colorful and the game teaches so much: how to wait your turn, counting, color recognition, and also gives the opportunity to talk about important things...like ICE CREAM, CINNAMON BUNS, AND LICORICE ...to name a few.  HAHA!!  Great game and i was so excited when my grandson was old enough for me to purchase and play it with him.  Lots of fun.
So in summary, I highly recommend this game.  Yes the learning curve is steep.  But for all the hours of enjoyment it brings it is well worth it.

5654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love all the Science Fiction based gems...


I would buy this again.
We also have MathSlam which is very sturdy but didn't interest my older child, plus it's so noisy I couldn't stand it. This toy is very quiet. MathSlam is also only good for add/sub whereas this is a toy that can grow with your child's emerging math skills...if it lasts that long.
5911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, easy, quick. We can sit down for a quick game at lunch and know we have time. It is infinitely re-playable and super simple.
4074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice toy
3435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So easy to use and great designs that anyone can do.  We bought to do this at a bday party and they stayed on great.  W also used the white for our vampire faces at Halloween and it. Was not irritating on kids sensitive faces
1495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game... short learning curve. we all loved playing it. It kept the interest of the whole family. I got the gift over christmas, and we played it multiple times over the holidays... and are still playing it. (2 days ago).
Rules:
  I had played (and enjoyed) Kingsburg once before buying the base game.  What I didn't realize was that the version I played included many of the items in "To Forge a Realm".  Needless to say, I was quite disappointed that the base game did not include these components.  A nice feature is that each of the facets of this expansion are independent, and can be included (or left out) as you see fit.
I don't think my young children could have really handled moving the pieces correctly around the board by themselves before they turned 5, and the counting reinforces early math skills.  Unlike other games they've played (Candyland, Chutes & Ladders, Hi Ho Cherry-O), this game is dependent upon strategy as much as chance.  Perfect for kindergartners and up!
The game has you start off with tickets.  They are the hidden goals of the player.  Your job is to build routes (place trains) to connect them.  You will need to complete them before the route is taken by other players.
1975	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has been the best gift my boys have received this year. They look forward to finding their elf every morning and it has really brought the spirit to our home. Great buy!
7478	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Candy land is a classic!  My 7 year old loves it. It was delivered quickly and is one of the favorites in my house.
Gear 6 (blue): 21-30
So, whaddaya get for your money?
9366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my kids (3.5 and 9 months) after using the same model in their music class.  It produces a rich tone and is very sturdy which is important for use by little ones.  The mallets are a nice addition so you can hear what it sounds like with a mallet vs your hand.
5798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great for older kids!
(2) The Ungoals can make it so that no one wins, and some people may find that frustrating.  However, we generally play with the optional Secret Cultist rule, where if an Ungoal is met, the Secret Cultist wins, and someone usually has that card at the end.  I've only played one game where there was no winner because of an Ungoal.
5136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Qwirkle: 2-4 Players, Ages 8+, Average Play Time = 45-60 Minutes*
3592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
* No rendered meats such as beef, chicken, or byproduct meals. Rendering is a high-temperature process to separate protein and fat that uses slaughterhouse scrap, as well as animal tissue from dead, dying, diseased, or disabled animals.
3974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this expansion, it gives much more to the base game. Highly recommended.
7989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A1
2266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So super cute! We also have the original creepy elf. Christopher is by far everyone's favorite!

~ Ana Mardoll
The overall design of the game board is lovely and the DVD cleverly manipulates images and audio from the film for various purposes. My only quibble is that there should have been credit given to Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass, since the classic film is their landmark production. I don't care whether it was determined by marketing people that it doesn't matter -- it does, to more people that you think. It might have been nice to offer special thanks to the voice cast and also Anthony Peters, whose art direction graces all of the Rudolph merchandise. Just a nod would be an act of courtesy and respect to great artistry and talent.
I think that this game is incredibly fun! I'm on challenge 74. I have been having so much fun playing this game. Some I have found extremely easy, while some others have caused me to think really hard. I love how they make my brain work itself.
7379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. So much fun shouting out 2 2 or 1 1. We have friends over and the game always gets loud!
In some ways, the game is more accessible than Scrabble. A good vocabulary still helps a lot, as does a good familiarity with two-letter words, but knowledge of really esoteric long words isn't as important in Bananagrams as in Scrabble. They're two completely different games, and I still do enjoy Scrabble, but I'm definitely a Bananagrams fan now as well. There's a time and a place for both.
516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game, even better if you know more words than your opponents

2268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this. I think he's cuter than the other popular elf. I tell everyone about our "Elfie"
9014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum is amazing. Very sturdy with well made mallets and a beautiful sound. Such a welcome change from the usual "kids" toys. I would definitely recommend this for any child with an interest in music. My 2 year old loves it and based on it's great construction, i'm sure it will be used for many years to come!
4 Built in large LED lights !
She didn't use the sticks right away as she didn't quite know how but now that she's almost 14 months, she can. She loves this!
 You really do not have to use any type of oil or butter, nothing sticks..and they say it washes up very easy.


The DVD is completely all encompasing with great graphics of the TNG bridge - where you literally go from station to station answering questions about Clips, Trivia Scarmbles, Word Jumbles, distorted Images and more. Even the Tie-Breakers are fun. (You get to fight a Romulan Warbird!)
7548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We absolutely loved this game.  Will buy it for other members of the family too.

4773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun toy to play with. Kinda hard to put back together.
I like it.
4227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband really loves this game. I enjoy playing it with him. We have two expansion packs for it too. Great game to play as a couple or with more people.
732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  The family loves it.
Replay: A

Highly recommend of you like words, spelling, and the strategy of points.

9901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The eggs are great and will likely be a staple toy in the play kitchen at our house for a long time. The case broke really quickly though. I love that the eggs are fun for pretend play and that there is a shape and color matching element as well.



1067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hands down one of the best board games I've ever played and also helped renew my friends' interest in board games.  Buy this game.  You won't regret it.
2903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This has been our lifesaver! Our 1 year old boy is VERY handful in the bath. He stands, walks and crawls in the tub, licks the bottom of the tub, tries to drink the water coming out of the faucet - he just never stops moving. But now, he is so into this toy that he sits in the tub and just stares at it, bites and licks it for a good amount of time.
2183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Thanks
1715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
I have played with as many as 5 people and as few as just myself and unlike fad games that I play once and forget about, this one is always nearby.

6200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a newbie to RC copters.  I have very limited knowledge like some of the RC copter heroes that are posting reviews.  From my perspective this is the best $23 I have spent in a long time.  Out of the box it was perfectly calibrated.  After a few small crashes I started to get the hang of it in about five minutes.  After my first few five minute flights I was able to put this copter through the paces of flying it around my log ceiling house.  After two days I was dive bombing my wife, cat, and kids with precision.  I have smashed it into furniture and walls a few times and it just keeps going - very well built.  As other posters have noted you can't fly this outside unless there is zero wind and even flying inside near a running AC vent will throw off the trajectory so its very sensitive to air flow.  I loved this thing so much I bought one for my office and now all of my staff want one.  If you order one and like it then I would consider ordering a second one so you can get more flight time and if one breaks you have a back up.  I don't really recommend ordering parts to fix one as once you order the parts for $5 you are pretty much 25% of the way to just getting another one and you have more flight time since 40 minutes of charging grants you about 5 minutes of flight time and you can't change out the batteries.  Stop thinking about it just order one - they are awesome.
9361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your child is interested in music/drumming, these are fantastic drums. REAL instruments made of the same materials used in professional models. Sturdy enough to take a beating from a toddler, but nice enough to display in your home and be used by the whole family.

5491	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game! It was a little harder than we thought. The cards are sometimes ridiculous as in "Who would EVER know that?" pretty hard to get. Otherwise it was fun and had a good time watching the scenes from Simpsons.

The powered backer board is a good idea, but with the batteries, it's very large and heavy for even a tall two-year-old.  It's in the closet until he's bigger, but by then I doubt he'll be playing with this toy anymore, unless Tomy comes out with new gear expansion sets.  If you're buying this for an older child, I think you'll get more use out of the board than we have.
4340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love this game
8506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the whole family!  We play it with our 6 and 9 year olds.
9988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ordered 12 of these for favors for my nature-loving daughter's butterfly birthday party.  The guests loved them, but will have to wait to order the butterflies.  The butterfly habitat itself is a good size.
9479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This has been great for my kids, but some of the plastic buttons have stopped popping back out when pushed down. Disappointing, but only a minor issue after several years of use.
7817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loved using this in preschool.  He learned a lot about money and using a calculator.  Now that he is in Kindergarten, he will surely love to get this for Christmas to continue on with the play!
4617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So far our family prefers this new game to Scrabble - each person gets to work on their own words at their own pace, you get to arrange and rearrange your letters however you want which can be just as challenging as working off of somebody elses words like you do in Scrabble.
The game does not drag on for hours.  It is a fast play.  Long enough to be fun, not boring or time consuming for children and the adults who play with them.
8502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game I am happy to play with my 5 year old and 9 year old.  challenging and fun.  it holds everyone's attention.

8249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it!

The game is simple enough that the kids often win which makes the game more enjoyable for them.
3760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a load of fun to play with friends and it's pretty easy to pick up. Also the product shipped quickly
Playing against your friends can be fun, and dangerous. Especially when you start backstabbing everyone in order to climb their bodies to get to that Iron Throne! Forging alliances, and betraying them will seem commonplace, afterall: When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. We facilitated added secrecy by using cellphones to text each other during the game.
2115	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the greatest...He just appeared one day at my house.  My kids noticed right away (he was sitting high on a shelf).  Then we found the book, and read it all.  We named him "Jangels", they were soooo into this!  Every morning they could wait to do all thier chores and then hurry to find the elf.  It was great fun, and they were EXTRA GOOD becuase our Elf was watching all the time! And on Christmas Eve before he flew back to Santa they all said goodbye to him, sooo cute!! We got the activity book too, this would be great for any family or classroom!  Really, really loved this, great tradition!!!
5979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem, from Gale Force 9 is a fantastic worker placement game set in the violent world of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club.  Three to four players take on the roles of various gangs including the Mayans, the One-Niners, the Lin Syndicate, and SAMCRO itself.  Various tiles are put out onto the table which represent different locations, and each has a special action.  The three major resources of the game are guns, money, and contraband.  The locations allow you to trade various quantities of one for others, allow you to simply take certain resources, or allow for other actions.  How many resources each player has is kept secret behind a player screen.  Players have two types of units, prospects and members, referred to collectively as "dudes".  All can move about the locations and exploit them, but members are tougher and have other advantages.  If ever dudes move to a location occupied by another gang's dudes, combat can ensue.  Players can bring in more dudes, and they secretly commit guns to the fight.  After they reveal their guns, they roll the dice and add up their strength- dice roll, dudes, & guns- then determine the winner.  The loser must leave the location, and both sides that had guns used against them must send dudes to the hospital where they may not recover.  After six rounds, the player with the most money wins the game.

  I will come back and update my rating after a few more playthrus.  There are enough things going on and interaction between players on the board, that it seems like figuring out a reliable strategy for winning will be difficult.  It should hold our interest for a long time.
9311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice drum for a child.  Excellent quality and very durable.  Has an excellent sound for a toy.

The screen it a little hard to read if the light hits it just right, but it is easy to hold and my son will be able to grow with it.
7237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	quick delivery. Product as advertised

It has been realy fun coming up with ideas for this elf and my son loves looking for him when he gets up in the morning. His birthday is right after thanksgiving and when he woke up for his birthday I told him I did not have time to decorate, but I did wrap his presents. Christopher decorated for us though and was found perched on the top of a balloon that had been tacked to the wall. He also hid my sons presents for him to find.
2701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for pre-school

A fun game for all, but a bit addictive .. beware!  We also have the expansion on our Christmas wish lists.
7513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loved playing this at my house last summer so I sent her one for Christmas.  She's thrilled.  She is 3  1/2 and able to follow the rules and really enjoy the game.  The colors are bright and appealing.  The game is easy and while not challenging for adults it is fun to play with her and watch her having so much fun!  As a former Kindergarten/1st grade teacher I see strong learning opportunities with tracking, color matching, and sequencing.  All are really important to learning to read.
5067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game
3540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	nice

2716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awww.. this was a nice addition to my book character doll collection.

997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pros: Quick turns, it isn't over till it's over
(The children in our home who can play this independently are ages 7, 9 & 11).
7620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love playing pit together with our international friends. It is a fun game to play when folks do not have a lot of language in common. I also gave this as a gift to an international student and it has been used and enjoyed! Be aware, thought, that this is a loud game! So it is not a good choice when you want to have quiet interaction. But if you don't mind shouting, some rowdiness and hysterical laughter, this is your game. All in all a great group game!

2349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter, 5 years old, received this game as a Christmas gift. I also have a 2.5 year old. The girls love to play this game! My 5 year old loves to help her little sister find the letters and figure out how to sstttrrreeetttccchhh to reach all the spots.
7655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of my children's favorite games to play when they were growing up. I indoctrinated my 3 Grandchildren when they were visiting and they had so much fun thought they should have their own game copy.

3675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for an upcoming event

8025	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We bought this for our 3 year old daughter after reading the positive reviews.  Sadly, within a few hours of having this cash register, the drawer would not stay closed.  We try to close it, and it latches for a couple of seconds, then springs open on its own.  If we had been more proactive, we would have returned this for another brand.
9432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Seems a lot harder to push the buttons than I remember. Fun way to learn!
Arrived quicker than I expected and in perfect, brand new, condition.
7977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 4-year old LOVES this game
7413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family and friends found this to be a FUN game.

5076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For up to four players. This is an easily learned game even for my 7 year old. Our entire family could join in including teens. This game provides hours of fun, making you think and strategize without having to invest hours in a long game. The games are just long enough. I would recommend this game for 1st and 2nd grades as well for learning patterns and strategy. It is a great way for them to develop critical thinking. I highly recommend this game as well as others we have purchased from Mindware.

2963	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made with high quality materials. Super cute. The perfect ring holder!
4001	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cool game, all is going like in game, but in life, with your friends. Thanks so much for such board game!
You can construct a lot of shapes with this product.
Moving on to the dice.  Being such a huge element in the game, one should expect these dice to be the really nice quality.  I'm happy to say they really are.  The custom 15 dice (7 party dice, 7 dungeon dice, and 1 dungeon level tracker die) are very well made and I think they will remain that way.  The color coding and icons used are good and make sense.


1.  The box itself is terribly flimsy.  Irritating, but not enough to take it down to a 4.  Pathfinder's set really ruined it for everyone else.
1086	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best games I have tried.  Great family game or starting game for people who want to get into tabletop games.
1505	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've had this game for a few years now, and I must say this is one of the best board games I've ever played. I've introduced several people to this game, including family members that don't like board games, and everyone has loved it. The game goes by quickly, with a full session taking about 45-60 minutes. Each player's turn goes by quickly as well, averaging about 10 seconds for two of the normal actions (drawing train cards or claiming a route), and maybe 1 minute for the other action (choosing new destination cards-- a somewhat uncommon event), so you don't end up in a situation when each player is taking forever to play.

866	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our favorite family games. Simple mechanics, strategic and fun. Buy it today!
8911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Cards feel like other rook cards when you first pick them up but they hold their shuffle ability much longer. We have a large family that loves to play different card games with rook cards gathering several times a week to play. These have become a favorite!!!!
Cons:
We like it for from 2 to 4 players, thinking 5 is too many. The game does change quite a bit with different numbers of players, which is nice (variety).
597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For those who enjoy stretching their verbal abilities a little bit and doing puzzles, Quiddler is a great addition to the games closet.  It is a quick learn, easy to play, and more accessible and portable than most other word games.  Easy enough for children, clever enough for adults.
All in all a really good starter purchase.  We are already looking at adding to it.  I highly suggest buying extra dice as one set is difficult if you have more than 3 players.
6639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can't tell you how many of these I have bought over the years for grandkid's.
Extra player
5973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It is a bit simplified for my taste, but it is still really fun. It is obvious that many, many expansions are going to come from this and what is lacking will probably be added in time. My only 3 complaints are that the rules need to be clarified in certain sections, the star ships only have one type per race, and the system discs are too big (it doesn't allow for as many systems on the map as I would like). But, it is a lot of fun otherwise and a must-have for any star-trek fan. Playing as the Romulans, I used my cloaking device to completely destroy the Klingons on the offensive. You got to love this game.
My observant husband ended up purchasing this game for me for Christmas.  We soon discovered that our assumptions about this game were way off!
I'm looking forward to my youngest getting old enough to start enjoying this family tradition also!


- solidly built. i don't see this one breaking easily.
6768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids
3708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The container box is much more attractive than the figure itself. well, u should not expect too much from this price.
6827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game, but we've all seen games like it before.  The object is to move the pieces so the red car can get out.  It really isn't a unique game, but it is challenging and somewhat fun.
However, the game pieces are so poorly and cheaply made that I don't think it is worth anyone's time to play with it. Not only do the parts NOT fit, but the thin plastic pieces bend and break very easily. My husband got this game because he played with it as a kid, but this particular set does NOT offer the same kind of fun as the old set.




1411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I didn't think that I was going to like this game going into it, because the game is about building train routes and not very complex. I was wrong. This game is just pure fun to play.

While this is a Murder mystery set in a dystopian future, that doesn't touch the surface of this game. I am writing this review because I care about the gaming hobby. Don't look at my high rating and think you will love this game, don't buy this until you know what you are getting.
I only wish I'd found out about these games sooner.
2967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My almost 2 year old grandson has loved playing with the five little monkeys.  They have cute pjs on to match the Five Little Monkeys book.

7035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great way to teach young kids to use calculator and count money.
Note that this battery kit is often cheaper than just buying the battery alone.
9437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was bought back in December as a Christmas present for my 19 month old son who is now two. He loves to play in his tunnel-crawling down the hallway between his room and the living room. This tunnel is a blast when he has his little friends over for play dates. They play and squeal for what feels like hours. This tunnel is a great value for its size and quality. My husband has a great time playing, too! I'm sure we will have many years of wonderful fun as our family grows!
-1 Poor Customer service
As you can see, I really enjoyed this game. I think it has strong possibilities of being one of the best games of the year. Alan Moon has always been one of my favorite designers, and this is one of his best games in years. Days of Wonder has put a lot of time and effort into producing this game, and it shows. When I first played TransAmerica, I thought that it was a boring game -what was the point, and where was the strategy? Fortunately, the strategy and fun in this game are wonderful. I don't need a "dumbed-down" game to introduce new folks to the wonderful world of board games. I can just use games like this - tremendous, fun games, filled with tactical choices and enjoyable times.
3468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The DM's screen allows the Dungeon Master to keep his notes and dice rolls hidden from the players and provides easy access to key charts when running the game.
a ton of smiles each morning on the hunt for "christ-pher popkins" as delightfully called by the 2.5 year old.
5054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The tiles themselves are very nice.  We originally bought the travel version which is identical in game play to this version but has smaller tiles.  In both versions, you keep the tiles on their sides when they're in your "hand" (kind of like dominos) and in the travel edition the shadows would make it difficult to differentiate between some colors (blue/green, orange/red).  However, with this edition, it is much easier to tell the colors apart.
6728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We introduced our kids (now 13, 10, and 7) to Trouble pretty soon after they were able to count.  It's a very simple game to learn, yet fun even for the youngest.  Game play proceeds in turns, with a roll of 6 on a single die required to move a piece out of the "base".  The object is to get all four pieces around the board and safely to "home".  If a player lands on an opponent's piece, it has to go back to the base.  That's it.  Given the bells and whistles on newer games, I don't think Trouble will stay your child's favorite forever.  However, it brings enough fun to the table that they might break it out and play on a rainy day years down the road.

This is a two player game.

262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is in my opinion the best dungeon crawler out there. It can be setup, played and tore down all in under 2 hours. It makes a fun ride, and is fun with your kids too (mine are 5 and 7).
221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played for the first time yesterday with 4 players.  Took a few minutes to get everyone up to par with the instructions but flow picks up quickly.  Many levels of strategy involved such as when to buy shares in what chain and whether or not block mergers to prevent competitors from cashing in on appreciated stock values.  Kept everyone engaged throughout and the intensity picks up at the end when trying to decide whether or not to initiate the end of game play.  My one complaint would be that previous iterations of Acquire had grooved slots on the board so that the tiles would not shift when others are being placed.  Minor complaint but newer versions need to address it.  Overall it is highly recommended.
2440	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Small, cheap and a waste of money. This is maybe good for a dorm room or a car ride or any other place that you are very limited on space. The quality was very disappointing. The rules are light, cheap and despite the "tile lock," the tiles still do not fall into place very easily. You get what you pay for. If you want a nice game, spend more money and don't buy this one.
(4) Syndicate Thug, a level 2 non-unique pilot that costs 18 points.
3850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one Game of Thrones character I have watched with much admiration over the last 4 seasons. When I saw that the Action Figure was available I jumped on it. This is from her beginnings, before she became the Mother of Dragons. She holds her Wedding Gifts of 3 supposedly inert Dragon Eggs (which later proved to be not inert at all). Daenerys is just now really coming into her own as a Queen in this 4th season, and I look forward to see where George R.R. Martin's story will take her.


- Game time is just right where it is short enough to be fun but not too long where it becomes boring
3920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wiz-War: 2-4 Players, Ages 12+, Average Play Time: 45 to 60 Minutes
8064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Delivered timely & accurately described!  Not as nice as the original but still looks & works great.
The game was easy to understand after spending 15 to 20 minutes with the instructions. Teaching people takes a few minutes and after one game, strategies starts to take shape. The cards are nicely designed and the mechanics work rwally well. The biggest issue with this game is the awkwardness of making sure you don't accidently flip a card or drop a card during shuffling. Since the cards are two sided, this can be an issue when it happens.
489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun
5310	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple game with hi replayability.  Our 6 year old can play it. One of the best features is that the adults still enjoy playing.  Highly recommend.
7807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The board is much busier than it used to be, but it's still a fun game for young kids!
We were gifted another trouble game.  It was the Disney Theme one.  The quality of the board was so much worse than this one.  The cardboard piece was not even trimmed correctly to stay on and the pop up part would not pop like it should have.
Would buy again
7420	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for a childhood game night.  What's not to love about Candy Land?  It's great!  The board and cards are colorful and game play is fun for kids and adults.

1431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I enjoy board games and would definitely recommend this game.  It's can be very challenging and after you play it a few times you'll begin to develop a strategy.  Lots of fun!

1454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone loves to play this.  Great family game while learning a bot of geography as a bonus. wish they made the cards big again.. this comes with the tiny cards.
7437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great colors,  forward, great everything. I would buy it again.
Cover is the same material as the first, very nice and thick. Pages are thicker with glossy sheen made to last longer and wording is in keeping with all the Klutz products (of which we have purchased several including the airplanes, art-rageous projects, museum in a book, Do Not Open this Book, Maze, Bubbles and many others! Each and every one is a huge hit with everyone!).
5062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game for our family.
4381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this word game for my mother-in-law for her birthday. She is literally obsessed with Words with Friends, So I figured that this might be a game she would enjoy. It took me months to get her to play it with me, she thought it seems intimidating. However, Bananagrams it actually really simple and fun to play! I loved it and so did she. If you love word games this is a great family friendly game!
DETAILS
4165	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a 2-3 player games. I was so confused with this card game that I gave up playing. Four people had a difficult time trying to play. Idea sounds good, and you may be more intrigued if you're a bigger fan of Game of Thrones, but there was much appeal for us.
6636	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've had trouble finding logic games that my kids like.  They tend to get frustrated with the puzzles before solving them, so I was torn between getting puzzles too easy for them so they can build up some confidence and puzzles that provide a challenge.  Well now I think I just wasn't getting the right kind of puzzles.  Both of my kids seem frustrated with the "fill the pieces in" kind of puzzles (Trucky for example).  I wouldn't have purchased this, but my 8 year old son had played this at a Children's Museum a few times and before long, that was the first place he wanted to go when we arrived.  I finally decided to purchase it for him but I was torn between this one and the Junior version since we have a 4 year old as well.  I'm glad we got the regular version, though.  It's at the perfect level for my 8 year old, and he sets up simple puzzles for my 4 year old.  I even like to play, the expert level of puzzles are challenging for me, so everyone in the family is happy.  The pieces are plastic, but a great quality and I don't worry about it breaking or cracking.  I am so glad they have expansion packs for Rush Hour and I plan on picking them up on my next order.
604	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the game where Scrabble meets Rummy, with a touch of Hooked on Phonics thrown in for good measure. Quiddler is certain to entertain you for hours. This game will help sharpen your vocabulary skills in a short period of time.

1419	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this game. It does not take forever, easy to learn and it requires enough strategic thinking to keep you occupied till the end of the game. I just wish more than 5 people could play because I almost always have at least 6 people that want to play games.
US Games  has included very simple and easy to follow instructions. The rules are  bi-lingual, which is a really nice addition to the game. The age of play is  from 10 to adult, but I found that this game might be a little advanced for  some of the younger players.

This set CANNOT be played as a standalone game but is rather a (fantasy themed) expansion to the original Munchkin core set (although it is also compatible with any of the many Munchkin sets and expansions).
Happy playing!!
Set-Up/Play/Clean-Up-1 Hour
Also, it's not so obvious from the photos, but these eggs are not plain -- they have a religious cross symbol on each of them. Just keep that in mind, depending on your purposes for them.
9442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for the beach and regular backyard play.
- The receiver is big and heavy which migh cause a problem for those with smaller cabinets or shelves.
266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I haven't played any type of Dungeons and Dragons games since I was a boy. With work and family duties it would be hard to find the time to play in a real D&D group, so I decide to do the next best thing and pick up this cooperative D&D board game, so I can play myself or with my family.  First off this is not close to the book version of D&D that I used to play years ago, it's a simplify board game version, your character can only level up to two, and go on short adventures.
3940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great expansion to the base game!  It works well combined with the Millennium Falcon expansion.


If you know a computer scientist, math major or engineer, they will find the mathematical puzzle of solving the "Shortest Path" problem fascinating.
6929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for granddaughter.  She's enjoying it
5086	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I think we could love this game if the directions didn't suck. They aren't clear and leave a lot that you just have to guess at. Maybe once we figure out our house rules we will be bigger fans. Was super excited for this game but was left frustrated and let down by the lack of direction.
7571	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What can you say? It's chutes and ladders

2883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just the ticket for my 16-month-old granddaughter.  Easy to carry, and bright colors are favorite.  She lives close to a wonderful zoo and so has likely seen llamas.
6032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great expansion to one of the best games ever made.  The quality of the cards is not as good as the original game, which is why I'm only giving 4 stars.  After playing the game several times, this expansion is refreshing.  You don't have to be a Firefly fan to play this game.  It is that good.
3710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The funko toys are great, but these Dark Horse statutes are beautiful! Real works of art! The detail is incredible and the colors so vibrant and well-expressed. These look just like the show's charachters! Only down side is they aren't poseable; but they really are beautiful, and well posed to begin with, so it's not that big of a deal! A nice way to pay homage to your favorite charachter(s)!
6089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game after seeing it on the Youtube show TableTop with Wil Wheaton.
6006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game has a lot of strategic element.  It's a very well made game, with a nice looking rulebook, and the artwork is very well done.

I think the Rebel Saboteurs will see lots of use in skirmish play for a few different reasons.  First, they have speed 5, and in many of the skirmish missions being able to get to and deal with an objective token quickly is a major plus.  Second, they have Blast 1 (gray card) and Blast 2 (red card), which means if you hit and have an extra surge to spend, you can do automatic/direct damage to all adjacent figures (this can come in handy and give you the edge you need vs. figures with strong defense.  They also have lots of other great special abilities like an AUTOMATIC + 2 accuracy (which is nice given that they roll a red and yellow dice for attack and it will otherwise be hard to hit figures that are more than a space or two away), the ability to spend surge results to Pierce 2, Stun, or Blast, and the ability to use the same surge ability twice when possible.  The red card also give you "priority target," which means other figures do not block line of sight (another very handy ability if you are trying to get a last damage or two on a figure your opponent is trying to protect with other figures). And, the command cards complement them nicely (I especially like Hide in Plain Sight, which allows you to spend one of your actions so you cannot be targeted this round... again, this will be very handy in those instances where you have to run away with an objective token).
8146	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The pieces get lost under the board and then you have to shake the whole game to find the pieces again. I find this game more frustrating than fun, but the five year old loves it. It would be impossible for him to not set the buzzer off, so we just give him three-second tries.
3610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this to my son as a Christmas present and he LOVED it!
575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the kids for Christmas, but my husband and I play more than anyone. We usually play, just the two of us, after the kids go to bed. It's good fun. The kids enjoy the game, too, but aren't as avid as we are. Then we bought Four Crowns and Set. We play them all, but Quiddler is our favorite.
2627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was perfect since she picked it out herself.  She is the lettering queen.  We purchased another one for her friend's birthday.
3997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	XCOM is certainly innovative, and it's certainly fun. It's entirely possible to do everything right and still lose because the dice just refuse to go your way. While this might seem unfun or unfair, long time XCOM players (the PC video game series and recent remake for PC and consoles) know this feeling well. That utterly unfair act, however, is where XCOM really shines, and the board game captures this very well. XCOM asks you "Why should you stand a chance against a superior alien invasion?"
7461	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice and sturdy. Buttons are firm.  Cash drawer easy to open and close, no jamming or wiggling. Compared to most registers this is the best for educational and long term use. It doesn't have the cheap bling like scanners or microphones. Built to last and be realistic for learning skills. I did purchase extra money to start beginner learning with extra $1's.

4048	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kept the ships for extras for my rebel faction ... traded the scum and villainy stuff for spar parts . These items are TOO small for me to repaint this set saved me the trouble and added variety to my alliance faction . same excellent quality from FFG !!!

9150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	bought for my 3 year old nephew and he absolutely loves it!! wakes up wanting to play his drum.
My kids loves it, and the credit card slot is a fun extra (after all most stores uses credit cards!).


A simple game to learn, ALL ages can enjoy this game together.  7 year olds could play this game and the adults don't necessarily have an advantage over the kids, which makes it fun for everyone.
47	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for that long airplane ride for my almost 6 year old son. Small enough to fit into my handbag. The stickers can be re-used over and over again to make new robots. A must for any busy mom!
3075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great price.  my daughter loves this purple unicorn, plays with it all the time.
4140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've never played the first edition of Game Of Thrones, so I can't comment on how it's changed or whether this second edition is worth picking up if you have the original, but I can say for newcomers it's well worth trying. I'm a big fan of Fantasy Flight's various RPGs and board/card games and this one doesn't disappoint  it has all the high production values and fun mechanics you'd normally expect from the company.
5681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrrr matey, this game be loads of fun! Me beauty will even play and she's not the sort which likes tabletop games! So, buy it now or walk the plank!
465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. It's a family favorite. Bought 2 as a gift for my son and daughter who have their own houses now.
9811	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Cheaply made and poorly stained wood.  I would not purchase this item again.
6557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and fun for grandchildren! 5 yr. old!
923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun family board game. It really only took one play through for all of our kids to really understand and like this game. (age 9+) The game play is also varied enough that it seems like we can play it multiple times without getting too much repeat. Overall I'd say this is a great non board game player game.
This is a good game to teach young children about counting, colors and taking turns.  It can also be used to help your children learn about being patient and that win or lose it is just a game to be played for fun.
I use it on 9350 and it is nice because it keeps the spare battery charged and I can swap it out during phone call when the battery gets low after about 6 hours of use.
1792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	While I do not subscribe to the message it sends, I do like the interaction it inspires.  We created our own message to our son of what our Elf means to our family and that seems to work for us.
419	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Entertaining
With it's yellow banana-shaped carrying bag, Bananagrams stows in your purse or backpack to take along everywhere!  I love travel games that still have full-sized playing pieces.
2891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this adoable Llama for my newphew as a Christmas gift along with the Llama Llama Red Pajamas and I am so excited about it! It is well made, but my favorite part is the fact I will be able to give him a new book for holidays and special events to complete the series. He is only 6 months, but by the time I get him all the books he should be old enough to read them on his own and until then I love the fact his parents can read him stories with a message. Cute series and super cute stuffed animal!

1142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids loved this game.  Adults joined in and played on their own once kids went to bed.  Highly recommend.
There's a section on the supernatural in Dresden Files, which also includes a "Monster Manual" of things that have been met, avoided or mentioned in passing in the published Dresden Files novels, along with their stats for use in the game (otherwise why have the entries on them in the first place?). This is where you'll find Ghouls, Ghosts and Sue the Zombie Tyrannosaur.
PROS:

9123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I wanted something to serve as the "backbone" of our fledgling family drum circle...to keep everyone in rhythm as we learned to "solo" and to experiment on our respective instruments.  This gets the job done.  Sturdy...nice and loud...quality beaters.  We haven't gotten much sound out of it at all by using our hands and I probably would not recommend that - get a djembe instead if that is your intent.  Not really two distinctly different sounds (such as a bass and a tone or a bass and a "slap", if you're familiar with those terms) by striking different places on the drum...but a very nice instrument that we have enjoyed.
3182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow!  This is a really nice family room set!  We already have the Calico Critters Living Room, which we liked, but this set has many more nifty details.
7. The user manual is very well laid out, and if you read it front to back, you should have a good grasp of what happens. I read the manual, played one game, reread the manual and I have a lot of confidence I'm playing it correctly.
9764	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Broke on our first outing.
9451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is simple and fun! It's different each time you play, and there isn't a winner or loser, which is helpful for my son. He loves solving the mystery over and over again!
I only awarded 4 stars for durability because small pieces are easily lost, as with any similar game, and the plastic casing and hinges can be broken rather easily.
3996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like pandemic, this is the next step

The mini's are unpainted, but still really nice looking.

2331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas. On a whim, my husband bought her an Elf on a Shelf. We loved the concept, but Richard (our elf) was a bit cheap looking. A friend recommended a Pop-In-Kins, and we eventually ordered one to be a companion for Richard.
Only drawback is the band that keeps the 3 separate compartments together is not super tight. It needs to be lose to allow room for them to come out, but I feel like it doesn't keep them together very well. I wish I would've bought one that was 1 piece with different compartments & tops.
Great color.
* Simple enough for kids ages 8 and up.
Update: The stickers have peeled off, so I'm dropping another star. Definitely find a different gears kit.
6018	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As add-ons go, it's not exactly earth-shattering.  It adds some new jobs, and some new gear.  While that is certainly appreciated, it's a little underwhelming.  Especially since, to me, the most tedious part of the game most in need of some fresh air are the navigation decks.  But anyway, the price is low so there really isn't any reason NOT get this add-on.  I just wish they had done a lot more!
Fun for all ages!
52	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	At age 31 I found these very difficult to make, I can't imagine how an 8 year old would do it by themselves.
5716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this is a very fun, quick, and easy to learn game.  startup is very quick, and cleanup is even faster.  This game is great for anyone who likes star wars, star trek, or sci fi movies in general as you are sure to get the references pretty quick!

Battleship plays in about 30 minutes. Even though there is a large random aspect to Battleship, the game is tremendously fun to play. The fun for most is trying to "hide" your ships, or place your ships in a unique way as to baffle your opponent.

I've played this game with my family for years, and we all still love it.  Every game is completely different, so anyone has a chance of winning no matter their skill level.  You can keep score and play to a certain point total, but my family usually just plays rounds.  This allows you to play for a few minutes or as long as you like.
This game is loads of fun for kids and adults, and I highly recommend adding it to your family game night portfolio. Don't be afraid of the price either. You will be playing this game for years to come and more then get your moneys worth out of it.
Will please folks sick of the usual board games everyone has.
3. Takes about 5 minutes to set up and 5 minutes to<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Settlers-of-Catan/dp/B000W7JWUA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Settlers of Catan</a>&nbsp;put away

A third way to play, I found, was to simply ask the card questions that require no DVD and are formatted very similarly to the questions found in the game Trivial Pursuit.  With no official rules other than tally marks on who gets the most answers correct, I found this method to be the most rewarding because you can play at your own pace and throw out any repeat questions.  As a fine accessory which eliminates the "shout out" issue, I purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Educational-Insights-Eggspert/dp/B001SN8DE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Educational Insights Eggspert</a>&nbsp;which allows 6 players to "buzz in" to answer questions so there's no conflict over who shouted the answer first.  It made the game all the better.

8011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's exactly what I was expecting! I loved this version as a kid, so it is nice having the same version for my kids. They love playing it!
5943	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Harbour is another tiny masterpiece from Scott Almes. If you haven't tried Tiny Epic Galaxies, do yourself a favor and go try it now. This is a worker placement game. Each turn you will move your worker to build, or spend resources to get ahead in the game. It is a very quick game.
2222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift. Family given to loves it.
1133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game!
602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Picked up the card game this weekend, have been playing the Quiddle daily puzzle (solitaire) online at [...] for several weeks. We played several hands last night. All I need now is a new dictionary!
So we got the game out of nostalgia and we have enjoyed it.  The pieces are all here -- wishbone, breadbasket, wrenched ankle, broken heart -- 12 in all.  They are smaller than I remember, but that may or may not reflect reality.  It runs on 2 D batteries, and when they run low the buzzer stops working.  There's no on/off switch.
6650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent logic game. I purchased it for my 7 year old thinking there was a good chance it would be too hard for him, but he's really gotten into it.  It's a challenge for him, but he can solve each puzzle quickly enough so that he doesn't get frustrated.  And he LOVES solving new levels.  My 4 year old is also able to play this game.  It's obviously harder for her, but this is a great game that really can be used by people of all ages.  It's been wonderful to see how much progress the kids made...it took a long time for them to solve the first puzzles, but they have clearly learned skills that allow them to figure out harder levels faster.  I often pick this up and play with it myself.  There's something really relaxing about sliding those little cars around and finally getting the little red one free.

The size of the board is much smaller than all of the versions of Scrabble I have played over the years.  The smaller board, at 10" x 10", means smaller square tiles (which are each approximately the size of dimes).  This won't be a problem for me but I think my father (or anyone else with large hands or limited dexterity) might have some difficulty placing tiles in the right place on the board.
9562	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Hard to see the answers
1531	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun tradition
Couple things though. It is not a difficult game, but definitely not a super entry level game either. I read a few reviews from fans of the show that say the game is complicated and gave it a bad review. Here is what I have to say to that. Say you were purchasing a skateboard, because it had some theme or logo that was super appealing to you. However, you are not very familiar with riding one at all. Maybe you tried a couple times when you were younger. It comes to your house, and you decide to give it a try around the block. Thirty minutes in, and you still suck at riding the skateboard. You then decide to give the skateboard a bad review, because it was too hard to ride. Catch my drift? If you are just a fan of the show, but not much of a board gamer, then tread lightly on the purchase. Know that you will probably have to consult tutorials online and such to get you started. If you are just purchasing it as a collectors item, no harm in that either. If you are familiar with board games, and it did not really work well with you, then by all means give it a sub-par review explaining the weaknesses of the game. But, you can't give it a bad review if you jumped into something that you weren't ready to play. To people familiar with board games, the rules are pretty damn straight forward lol.
9616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	They work well.
4037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Probably one of the best expansions in providing the most bang-for-the-buck.  Three ships are included, which can technically be used for either rebels or scum; pilot cards for scum expansion - not just for the Y-wings and Z-95s, but for the Firespray, HWK; upgrades, etc etc.  It's no small wonder why this is very often in short supply.  For new people, I always tell them to try and grab this one.  Additionally, the way FFG works, ships WILL be flyable.  For ages Y-wings collected dust. . . until twin laser turrets.  Scum always played second fiddle. . . until U-boats.  So this is definitely a handy set to add to the collection.
5) Storage: The pathetic little lightweight plastic "balls" and maddeningly unstackable checkers cannot be sandwiched for storage inside of this two-sided tin (even though this is touted as a "feature" of the product) when/if kept in the nylon netted bags in which they come. We had to separate "balls" and checkers out into several ziploc baggies in order to spread them out in a "thin enough" layer to actually get the tin to stay sandwiched closed. So essentially, we had to repackage all the playing pieces immediately in order to simply get the tin to stay closed for storage in between play sessions.
2414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
4503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves loves loves this game. It's so simple and doesn't feel competitive. Even my 5 yr old loves to build words with it. It's great for the whole family, for bringing on vacation, or for increasing sight word exposure for young kids.

(See Comments section below for link.)


We made the game so that he is the one who puts treats in the advent calendar each day. (I can't keep it stocked or they will sneak it all :) BUT he only does this if the boys are good that day. We read the book before nap time and when they wake up from naps the first thing they do is find Christopher. If he has moved spots that means he got down from his last hiding spot and put treats in the calendar while they were sleeping. Fun for all of us. Highly recommended for a house with little ones as a Christmas game or tradition.

This game is tough, we actually lost the tutorial mission, and spectacularly at that.  By definition isn't a tutorial mission supposed to be a free win?  The game seems to be all about making the right sacrifices.  We tried to do too much the first game and ended up spending too much money and going broke pretty fast.  Meanwhile UFOs were blowing up our planes and we were left with no defense and no money to buy more.
After a few more plays and getting into the deck building I don't like this game as much as I thought.  Everything I said above is still true and I do like the ease of entry, hidden card mechanics, and asynchronous gameplay.  However, each side only does a couple of things.  With all the extra content released for the game and hundreds of options available there are very few cards that do something new.  They all do variations on the same things and for that reason the game gets old pretty quickly.  And this is even more egregious BECAUSE of the amount of content they've released.  Also, the theme never really grabbed me.  I like scifi just fine but the art and flavor text on these cards along with the gameplay just don't get a fun science fiction theme across very well.
;)
This is the perfect size. The letters fit just fine (dimpled corners on pegs) and stay put. Sure, they will come loose if you shake the board like an etch-a-sketch, Yes, it is plastic so don't use it as an ottoman or set the baby on it to play, or smack it cause you lost a game ;)
8777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I read the reviews from Amazon, before ordering this car from Toys R Us.  We paid the extra money to have it assembled.  We gave it to my daughter for her birthday (December 2005), when she turned 2.  She was so excited she drove it around the house.  We haven't taken it outside yet, because it's still cold out.  But, she plays with it at home, and when she does she puts on her glasses (baby bop's glasses) and gets her keys (plastic keys) and drives around the house in it.  When we purchased it, the only color available was Purple and Pink.  Which suited her.  It seems that the yellow and red color wasn't available at the Yonkers, Toys R Us.  But, she loves this car and so do we.
(3) Black Sun Soldier, a level 3 non-nique pilot that costs 13 points.


Second best would be Martian Fluxx.

6661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Out of all the Christmas gifts my 5-year old son received, this one got played with the most!
37	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We bought this to give to young children that attended our wedding. Kid's ranged from 4-10 years old. It would have been to have multiple robots to decorate, but the price of the book and actually the small size came in handy for us - perfect to give out to kids and fit nicely in a little treat box for them. This is great for a little gift to make a child feel special - and to keep them occupied for a bit!
Try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Snakes-And-Ladders/dp/B004R1II7A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Snakes And Ladders</a>&nbsp;and another game that everyone should have is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sequence-for-Kids/dp/B00005UM9P/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sequence for Kids</a>.

Players score points when they claim a line of track connecting two cities, the length of the track yielding proportionately higher scores. Scoring markers are moved around the 100-point scoring guide on the board perimeter.
5023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game! Great for all ages, and all ages can play together.
Tried to eat cookies and milk.
4510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I love scrabble and are very competitive so this is a super fun game for us to play.
4041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item
The overall quality of the peices of the game are also quite good. The board is very nice (but large), the train peices are a light plastic that holds up (but try not to step on them), and the cards are pretty durable. The box also holds all of the pieces quite neatly, so you don't need to fumble around the box trying to find whatever piece you now need.
This is an absolutely darling holiday game that the children will have fun playing and I'm going to make it even more exciting, by having little gifts filled with inexpensive little candies or items for the winners!
5-6 People: each player takes 15 letters.
COMPONENTS
Easy game to learn. Highly strategic. even my 5 year old enjoyed it for the 20 minutes I could keep him interested!
Both expansions provide additional buildings upon which you can use your agents, most of which are good alternatives to buildings from the base game that tended to be in high demand.  They aren't exact duplicates, however, so there is some give and take as to which may be the best to make use of.  Overall, these lessen the impact that "blocked buildings" cause and lets you obtain some resources, especially in the early rounds, that might otherwise by more limited.
7370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	High energy, action packed game. My family has played this for decades, so did their parents, and now our younger family and kids will too. Its simple too, just trading with each other for "suits", but everyone will be on the edge of their seat.
5272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for kids and for adults, or for them to play together.  It is well made and will last forever.  The premise of the game sounds easier than the actuality and it will entertain all ages.


1399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple to learn but different every time you play. The single or double routes between cities is a great detail that makes it already customized to the number of players.
The basic concept is a chance game where players slide down chutes and ascend up ladders.  At the beginning of each chute and ladder is a picture of a child taking some action.  The slide down ends with a child dealing with the consequences of bad behavior.  The ladders up show the results of some good deed or another.  I guess the idea is the way to "win" at life is to do good deeds.  They'll speed you up on your path while bad behavior will only set you back.  I remember my parents narrating what "we" did at each spot and what the end result was.  It's got a subtle moral message in it that some kids may pick up on, though the idea that doing good deeds in this world will buy you success is a little silly.  I guess I can still get behind the idea.
3201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I compared the Calphalon and All-Clad products to this one. The main differences are sturdier handles and slightly thicker metal on the high-end brands. I have used this product for some time and it works great. I actually bought the All-Clad but returned it when I found this one. It has a larger cooking surface area than the others. Greater surface area was my main reason for purchasing a double burner griddle. It heats evenly and is great for cooking pancakes, french toast, sausage, bacon, eggs....and more. It has a lifetime warranty and can go in the oven up to 450 F. Highly recommended!

7350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter first board game! Cannot wait for Christmas
65	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Once you get the hang of this, even a non-crafty person can make these.  Fun craft to do with a 5 year old!

All ages will love this game. Even children as young as six can play since the rules are simple.

1269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my daughter who's family lives out of town.  They liked the game so much that we purchased one for ourselves.
9908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
1) The larger corporation acquires or "eats up" the smaller one. If the purple corporation for example had six tiles and green had three tiles, purple would acquire green. The exception to the rule is if both corporations are eleven tiles are higher in size. Corporations with eleven tiles or more are considered "safe."
7593	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is great for my needs. I teach English to children who cannot read and so games like this are useful.
3047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very soft and cuddly the grandson loved it
2640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This book has five stencils (two different fonts, uppercase and lowercase, plus one for cool symbols - and each stencil has a different edge you can use to make nifty lines) and detailed explanations about how to use the stencils to make, well, awesome letters.

2643	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Have you ever been faced with the prospect of making a poster, greeting card, scrapbook -- any creative project that required lettering? All the rest seems like a piece of cake, until you get to the daunting part of adding the words!
21	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a stocking stuffer for my son.  It was cute and he enjoyed using it a couple of times.  For the price of a little over a dollars didn't mind that he only used it a few times.  It is hard to tell from the picture but this is small.
5245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone should have this game! It is great for all ages. My kids started playing at 4 or 5. We often don't keep score. It isn't necessary for kids to have a score yet. We always have fun with it!
4211	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't know that I would say this would be FUN in the way you think of toys being fun. However, this is a very educational, excellent resource for practicing analogies. We have been told that if we want our children to do well on standardized tests we should have our children understand analogies. This book guides the child through analogies in a very step by step process. The one thing this book doesn't do is help you recognize an analogy in every day life.  It helps you recognize the patterns within an analogy.
One thing I realized right away when playing this game though is that the more experience players have with this game the more it changes.  As I said, many of the corporation's cards are played face down and this can lead to some fun strategic options and surprises.  However the more a player knows about the cards and which cards are better and more frequently played and which cards are available to the different corporations the better the runner player can play to avoid those nasty surprises.  The same works the other way around too.  In my first play of this game I used a pretty popular card on my corporation opponent called Account Siphon.  In our second game the corporation player spent his first turn defending against specifically that card.

7137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for a charity toy donation.

8400	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The pieces are way too small and way too hard to get out of the spaces without making the buzzer go off.  My 6 year old doesn't find anything fun at all about this game.  The pieces get stuck under the game board and are almost impossible to get out. Save your money for something else.
6777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A Christmas hit for my 6-year-old daughter!!
2425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The St. Bernard's arrived yesterday and my kids were so excited when they realized there was a new Elf Pet!  My 6 year old son kept saying "BEST DAY EVER!!"  They are quality toys and the story book is another great one!  The only downside is that my son keeps saying that "Next year, if there is another pet, then they will have three to carry around!  And the next year, there will be four, and the next year five!"  To which my daughter replies, "I hope it's a cat!"


9269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is absolutely the best toy we own!  My autistic 2 year old sons are playing with it constantly.  I have to put it away occasionally, so they can play with other toys too.  As soon as I bring it back, they rush to it and fight for gears.  I also bought an amusement park addition and now 2 sets of refrigerator gears.  If you only buy one toy for your toddler, this is it!!!
679	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wish it had a better base to put all 3 jars in. They just get separated and spread all over.



7605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game
7972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love that its the original one!!!
6915	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family loves this game! We got hooked on it at piano lessons. The teacher had it sitting on the table so while we were waiting (4 students) we all took turns trying it! That was almost 10 years ago! Still the kids love it and want it in their own homes! This game rocks!
6571	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This arrived twice with a bad drawer. Waste of money.

5509	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice quality puzzle.  The pieces are well made and fit together well.  The map of USA is very detailed and educational.  I bought this for my daughters and was surprised by the amount of geographical information contained on the pieces.  This is a very good educational product.  I would recommend this for anyone who enjoys puzzles and/or maps.

2838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great lama stuffed animal. My daughter loves the books and now she hold lama lama every time we read the stories together!!!
3128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased just about every imaginable Summit Backyard Safari product for my oldest son (just turned 4 years old).  He loves all of them.  This one came with one of the patches, which my son LOVES for his safari vest, and he and his 2.5 year old brother had oodles of fun using it to "catch" each other.  The netting seems heavy duty enough to withstand whatever my kids will throw it at, and the green rope that it is stretched around is nice and thick, but also gentle enough that it doesn't hurt them or any of my house when they are tossing it around.  I really love all of this company's products.  The kids have left them in the backyard in the rain/sprinklers, and although they are dirty, they are still perfectly usable.  I recommend this product, and all of the Backyard Safari products for any family with inquisitive, creepy-crawly loving little ones.  It encourages their interests in an age appropriate, and fun way.
7821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great "first board game" for kids, who will probably enjoy it from ages 3-5 or so.  Extremely simple to play, players take turns spinning the spinner and moving the number of squares indicated.  Kids get excited by the unpredictable ups and downs.  I award it 5 stars for educational value because it teaches counting, taking turns, and fair play (when these are reinforced by an adult playing along).
7161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Another fun game my kids love!
We recommend the game, its a lot of fun!
Summary-I love this game.  It's quick, family friendly, and always good to see making it to the table.  The theme is slightly off, but the mechanics, instructions, and execution of the game make up for that hands down.  Really worth trying if you get the chance. 92.5%
1707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this product. I could not be anymore satisfied. This will become a tradition now and will be carried on for years. For 25 dollars? That is more than worth it to me. My child named our elf Train and he caused a lot of trouble around the house! He also helped keep the kids in check, because the elf is always watching and listening! So much fun all throughout December, and to be able to see the wonder and joy in your child's eyes every  morning when they wake up to see the elf in a new spot is irreplaceable. I recommend putting wire into the limbs so he can bend into positions. I used a lot of tape before I found the right sized wire.
837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoy playing this game. A little skill and a little luck make the perfect family game.
Firstly, Id like to commend the game for having such a wide variety of effects and abilities.  The buildings themselves each do something unique, making me think each and every turn about what I should be doing to further my goals.  The player boards themselves each have unique personalities that give players special abilities, though you can opt to play with the standard characters (on the reverse side) if you want so that everyone is on equal footing.


6354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Can you sink your opponent's ships?  Battleship is easy and hard at the same time.  The easy part is guessing where your opponent has placed their ships; all it requires is your voice!  The hard part is figuring out a successful strategy that will win you the game...my strategy is to guess every other square, since none of the boats are only one square long.  Keeping track of where you have guessed is fun, for some reason.  Possibly because I enjoy being organized.  The red and white pegs can easily be spilled or lost, so I recommend being careful when using them.
6348	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a super winner w/my teenage son...and he was pre-teen when he received it!  Loves the secrecy and trying to figure out the strategy of the opposite player.
-New twist w/ "corruption".



4231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first played this game about ten years ago with my friends as freshman in college. It's a great game that takes a bit of time to understand the many rules, but once you do, you'll get hooked.
8771	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought 2 of these for my 2 kids for christmas (20 months and 3 1/2)  my husband and i were really excited cause they were the big santa gift.  We bought them plastic license plates with their names on them.  We waited ti; 2 nights before christmas to put these together because we didn't have a place to hide 2 of these.  Good thing we didn't wait til christmas eve like we were planning (i was paranoid they might be missing a piece)  Well, they weren't missing any pieces.  the first one took my husband and i, (together) over an hour to put together.  The instructions are the worst thing i'd ever seen.  There are NO words and you can't even understand the pictures; They skip steps and expect you to know what to do.  After we finally got through the first we were ready to tackle the second.  Well, it was faster.  15 minutes in we were on like the second to last step, and two of the pieces would not fit together.  We tried everything. Frustrated, I woke up at 6am christmas eve morn to go to walmart to exchange.  Guess what, i had the exact same problem.  Returned again, and they were out.  Went to toysrus and the SAME THING.  Okay now i'm peeved.  (my husband had been from square one)  then finally got another and it worked.  My daughter is actually almost too big for it (ages go up to 5) shes 3 1/2 and small for her age.  hers doesn't get any use and my son will sit in it and turn the wheel, but not move his feet because they get stuck under his seat.  i bought them  the matching gas pump and my son loves to put gas in his and his sisters car, but still they never actually get 'driven.'
Play is the usual "define the game as you play" affair. The theme is an amusing and clever one, as I've said. I recommend it, though my favourite variant is still Martian Fluxx.
7697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun games to play with kids from 5 years old. My son and his friends have a lot of fun. Easy and fun to play...
1651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Perfect.

4443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommend for any family game night!  Love to give this as a gift too!  All age groups enjoyed this.
I couldn't take it anymore.  I finally had to put my foot down!  Grown adults carrying on like that!  They finally quit and eventually the kids got to play!

9028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old grandson loves his Konga drum...very well made.
9343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. We went to a heritage festival and they had drums kind of like these there. My son is a very strong Italian boy who can overpower me sometimes.. I couldn't imagine getting him drums so he can break them in a matter of seconds. Let me just say, I am completely blown away at how well made and sturdy these are! It's very attractive for kids as well with the pretty picture. My son is 51lbs and he's jumped on this and it doesn't even look like it's giving in at all. I can't believe it. My 5 1/2 year old daughter loves it too. It doesn't give you a headache even with them bashing on it nonstop. I even like to play with it when they let me. For anyone with a sensitive head or with rambunctious children this is the drum for you. I truly love this product!!!
5503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I introduced the early learning series to my two year old grandson and he took to this like a bee to honey!! He is a curious, rambunctious, insatiable learner who likes to do everything by himself after being shown once.
4253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"My son and I really enjoy this game. Although two player is not the best way to play, it's still plenty entertaining. We like how well Monty Python and the Holy Grail" melds with the madcap nature of the game, so if you're not a Monty Python fan, this game is not for you. If you haven't seen the movie, it won't make much sense, although the rules are clear enough. The movie's a hoot, too, so watch it. This is a very silly game that can be played with a variable number of players. A worthwhile addition to game night for Monty Python fans.
 I can hear you say, Yeah, but they are boards in different venues!
 As board games go, I whiled away unfathomable amounts of time playing WWII strategy board games, Diplomacy, Risk and others. But even those have fallen by the wayside. Not many in my age group have the patience necessary for those kinds of board games.

9496	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Its a total pain in the butt to put together but it is a decent tent for the price.
All of the pieces are very detailed. Some look identical to the D&D 4.0 creatures and characters that are sold for the miniatures game. However, none of these pieces are painted. They are all one solid (or translucent) color.
7582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought for my kids Christmas, I hope they like it!
41	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this little book for an extra little fun stocking stuffer or reward item. Bots are a big thing with little boys!
Problems with this broken game are;
Cons:
What's fun about this game is that it can go for any amount of time, 5 min, an hour, however long you decide.  At the end of the time limit the person with the most beads wins.
Overall our family likes this game a ton!


5621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I already owned Monty Python Fluxx and loved it. Cthulhu Fluxx is another great addition and I would recommend it to any Lovecraft fans.
4859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our preteen loved this!
9803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these for my grandchildren and both of them enjoyed watching the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into a butterfly!
594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game.  When we played on Thanksgiving with about 5 of us and had a great time.  I plan on playing again at Christmas with the family.
3357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The board game "Talisman" has a well-deserved reputation as one of the best fantasy board games ever made.  I have been a die hard fan ever since picking up the Second Edition boxset back in the late 1980s, and I couldn't even imagine how many hours I have spent vying for the Crown of Command.  I still have all of the Second Edition expansions, from the Dungeon and City up to the Timescape and Dragons, including the cut-out special characters from Games Workshop's "White Dwarf" magazine.
-The new playable characters are unique in their abilities and playstyles, and some will make permanent additions to your game.
9969	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My little guy (10 months old) screams when I try to put him in this in our backyard, which is a big reason I bought this, to keep him protected from sun and bugs while his older siblings played. I even put a blanket down in it and tons of toys. So keep in mind that if your baby is mobile they might not think much of being 'trapped'. I will say for some reason he did okay in it at the beach, once, and my older kids love it so it was't a complete waste of money, it just won't serve the purpose I bought it for.
8817	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this board game to use as an ice breaker with my adolescent clients. I had great results and found it to be lots of fun. I definitely want to use it with group therapy in my adult groups as I feel that it is really fun and opens the doors to communication in a non-invasive way.
2566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great book
Theme
4279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love anything related to Monty Python and this game does not let down on that front at all, every card is related to Monty Python. If you like games that basically have no strategic point and almost no ability to predict what is going to happen at all then you will like this game. If you like strategy and planning you will be frustrated by the randomness in this game. It is hilarious and if you have a fun game group you will like this! Fun.
2384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it.  It's a great variety of well-known songs that are perfect to get involved in and be interactive.
5239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I think it's a neat game.  My kids never played with it alot.  It comes with a bag to take along on trips if you want.  I actually wish my kids would play it more.
Candyland is much clearer in this sense and my son has a lot of fun with that one.
6238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great car.  Rock solid after you swap spindles and change axels to cvds. This is a must when buying his car.
6687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids play with it and love it and they don't get bored.  It is fun, it gets them to build up their problem solving skills. I have promised them to get another Thinkfun game if they finish all 40 cards.
4376	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!!
Do you use your pieces to block other players? Do you start to lay down track just anywhere because it might help you in the future? Do you take extra route pieces because then you can pick and choose your routes? How do you use your turn because you can only do one thing- draw cards, play cards to make a route, a pick new route cards?
4292	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it.  My granddaughters (7 and 11) - not so much.  We don't compete - just make up our words and try to insert them.  You can use whatever tiles are left to make up your words.  They like that and I assume they are learning new words and spelling them.  We tried using the 11 year old spelling words hoping that would give her another way to look at them.  That didn't go well and I had to look for where she hid the banana. In the past we had an apple - same idea.  Don't have that at this house.  I recommend the game - just make up your own rules.
2799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these and it's a fun gift for any small child who likes Pete the Cat. I bought one for my daughter and one for her kindergarten class since they have puppets in the classroom. The little jacket opens on the puppet. Just a cute toy.
4368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun past time with many variations so you never get bored. Also an excellent way to hone your word skills and expand your vocabulary

9225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful instrument - Remo - well done!



A few things are mischievous, others are old fashioned and fun.
I will admit there is more details to the game, but this is a general overview and you can easily find the How to Play videos that take a deeper dive into the rules.
726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game for lots of ages!
1391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ticket to Ride is a really easy and simple game to pick up and learn, but if you don't have any of the expansions to add more complexity, it's almost to simple for its own good as the replay value is greatly diminished, but I still like to pull it out and play it every once in awhile.


All is not perfect, though.  The gear with the rotating arm sometimes touches other gears instead of gliding over them, making the gears stick and stop rotating.  The gear that has a sold-colored cutout top with the teeth that spins over a fixed base with a colorful sticker has a similar problem. It's a mid-sized gear and the principle is good, but the execution is lacking. The cover wobbles sometimes, making the gears stop spinning and the motor click painfully. (Poor motor.) Then the kid (or you) has to figure out which gear is causing the problem, interrupting play. Or enhancing problem-solving, if you want to think about it that way.
9689	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy is a favorite.  I love the tune, it's stuck in our heads and we all bob our heads along to the quacks. My daughter also walks around the house saying "wack wack wack"  and also does it whenever she sees a bird of any kind. It has really cracked us up!
9699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 1 1/2 year old and his puppy love playing in this together.
Basically, you use Rubium that you've uncovered to purchase different troops. Eventually, your exploration of the small, randomly generated hex spaces will bring you close to your enemies and to get more Rubium (or take control of the vital Monolith) you'll need to pick a fight. Throughout all this you'll earn victory points through secret mission cards ("occupy more liguifungus hexes then your opponents") and/or battle victories and the first to 12 VPs wins.


7643	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is turning three next month and knows his colors. I'm so excited to play this with him!

3691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Solid. Bought them for King of Tokyo with expansions-  worked great- nice quality
7843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our granddaughter loves to play store, so I was assigned a cash register as her gift.  After spending a lot of time trying to sort out all of the models made by Learning Resources, I chose this one.  It is solar-powered, so you don't have to worry about battery life.  It doesn't talk, so there's no annoying voice.  I didn't want any other auxiliary gadgets like a scanner or scale that would break.
1719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	George the Elf arrived promptly at the end of November. The book that he brought with him helped our daughter (almost 3 years old) get acquainted with Santa's intelligence operative. After arriving on the first night, George began his mission to spy on our daughter and ensure the big Jolly guy had the information he needed to determine if our daughter was naughty or nice...
This is my first night/first game review.  I will probably update this review in another month to follow up.

4198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Detailed and easy to read globe. Wanted something for my desk at work and this is perfect. Another reviewer mentioned the globe is hard to turn but I had zero difficulty spinning it. Really impressed overall.
6759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Mastermind is a fun game (though it can get frustrating to the guesser, and for those new to the game), and this is a fine edition.

3382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 11 year old had volume one of this and adored it. When I came across volume 2, I knew I had to get it for him. These books will occupy him for hours, reading and rereading, then trying out some of the things he reads in there. TOTALLY worth it and a great gift for boys in the 9-13 age range.
8181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm not going to repeat the reviews of every other commenter and say that this is the first board game that your child should play. Rather, this review is about this particular version of the game.

9196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my track-building grandsons love these additions.
2386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My child loves these musical books, and having the little sensor button in the page rather than the clumsy ones with the buttons down the side seems to impress her. She plays this over and over
1350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played this game with a group of people that have played literally 100s of board games, and it was a ton of fun. I bought it for my parents, who only play about 2 board games a few cards games, and they loved it as well. Might be a little hard for a kid to win, as it does require a bit of strategizing.


6685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Updated version of the game I played as a kid. Kind of a classic.  The board here is a little less compact than the original board we used in the vintage set and it's a little light weight (cheap) feeling.  It has a compartment to store the peices but amazingly they don't all fit.  We have to store them in plastic bags, which we have affixed to the bottom of the set.  I guess I don't understand how that happened.  (re)Designing this game wasn't rocket science.
9375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My drumming obsessed 20 month old son loves this drum. He bangs away on it with the mallets and his hands. It's loud, but it could be worse. It's well made, sturdy, and is a quality product.
This is a very engaging game that really gets the players involved since there are so many interactive elements.
6167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it looks absolutely fabulous can't wait to fly in the dry weather
5740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you've never played FLUXX, then this is a fine introduction to the game. All versions share similar rules and the basic game is original and fun, with nary a learning curve to stop novice players from enjoying it. If you are (or know someone who is) a sci-fi movie fan, then this is a must buy. Most movies and shows in the genre are referenced in thinly veiled quips that consistently bring a smile to my face. FLUXX itself is a fun game even for 2 people, although the entertainment increases with more people. I am quite pleased with the purchase.
- You can see through the tunnel, so it does eliminate a potential hiding place
5134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 20's and 30's "kids" love this.
The scores remained quite low for the first half of the game until everyone was producing the resources needed to start mass shipments of goods.  Each contract can earn you 1, 2, or 3 points depending on how you ship your goods.  The shipping mechanic is very well conceived in my opinion.  You will ask yourself if you want the quick points and money or if you should wait an additional turn to gain an additional point or two.
9933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 5 month old loved this when we went to Mexico.  It lets a great breeze through and is sturdy
9887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a beach trip for my 9 month old baby at the time, but we never got around to assembling it while we were there.  I just recently broke it out for playtime for my now 14 month old in the basement and ... wow! I'm so confused as to why I let it sit around unused for so long!! It's a snap to put together - even for the directionally & manually challenged. My daughter likes it - one thing I can say is that when closed up, the airflow is obviously a bit stuffy, but she can easily tear down the front flap when she wants - she quite enjoys it.  (I have not yet used it outside so perhaps the airflow factor is a good thing in the cooler weather months.)
Now some people would complain that this game involves a lot of luck.  It can indeed trip you up.  Because you might get stuck and invested in a hotel chain that never goes down and you are broke for most of the game.  That does happen every now and then.  And it sucks when it does.  But don't let that turn you off to the game.  There is a lot of serious strategy going on here.  Since a person lays a tile down each turn, you need to buy stock in each hotel according to how soon you think it will go down.
4632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a great game...especially if you like scrabble, upwords, or other games like that.  it's faster paced than other similar games.

8127	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids were aged 1 and 4 when I bought this. They both love it. Toddlers can use it simply by opening it, putting things in, closing, and repeatedly opening it again. Older kids can use the keypad numbers like a calculator for more serious math play and pretend shopping with actual numbers.
2039	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because a few friends were doing it and thought it would be a cute idea. Our kids are 2-1/2 and 6-1/2 and just love our elf. Looking for "Zachie" ( named by our son) is the first thing they did every morning when they got up. Really lovely tradition that I look forward to doing again next year. Very nice boxed set; nice hardcover book and a cute, heart warming story. Adorable elf :)
9199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for long runs!  Brio quality is excellent!
1757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the best purchases I made all year! If you have kids and don't have an Elf on the Shelf yet...go buy one! My husband and I had more fun than the kids did with this! Great holiday activity and the kids couldn't wait to see what our Elf got into every night. Loved how it came with a special hardcover book and in a keepsake case.
Quiddler Jr is a word game for kids or for really young kids an alphabet or phonics game to start with. Diva plays with the game as an alphabet refresher and for learning letter sounds and sometimes just to identify and help say the names of things on the cards. She has a slight speech delay so practicing all sounds helps. My Gentleman is just barely learning to read so we play as a phonics refresher and a sight word refresher but having to find the right letters and sounds that make a sight word. Ill try to explain but first Ill explain how to play with those who can read but even before that I will tell you a little about the box and all that. Because that is important information too.
1993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great new holiday tradition!! And I love the added bonus of getting my kids to behave due to the extra set of eyes in the house!
252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game having much fun with it.
Harbour is a decent resource management/timing game that is fairly enjoyable once you get used to the odd way the market handles.  I think the market fluctuates too much at times, though others may enjoy this chaos and see it as yet another challenge to overcome.  Everything else about Harbour is of good quality, making it an easy recommend for gamers who enjoy lighter resource management games.
5335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank goodness. Something I can play with my six year old son, who has Asperger's and my, forty five year old molecular biologist boyfriend and everyone is happy. Great game. Simple and challenging, all at once. Perfect.
8034	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	To describe this toy in brief I'd have to say all it is is a large calculator that makes a "ding" noise when it opens. I purchased it for my 6 year old so she can practice math through productive play but for what I spent ($33) I was better off purchasing her fake money from the 99cent store and a large calculator, I would've save a good amount of bucks and it wouldve been the same effect. The dollar bills and coins do not look realistic as advertised and it is not solar powered it uses a cell battery. So much for reading reviews! If it didn't cost dam near as much as I paid for it to send it back I wouldve sent it back as soon as I opened it and tried it out. It didn't captivate her amusement but for 30min. There are better options out there. DON'T BUY THIS TOY FOR MORE THAN $10 As for durability it is sturdy. The plastic is very thick.
It's annoying to me that nothing is sacred any more. We played this as kids and just had fun. We didn't have to do good deeds and yet I have done so all my life without the assistance of touchy feely games as a kid.....

8839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great sound! My daughter loves it! Quality is great too.
I only have the RDI 1 boxed set on hand to compare, but the storage is almost incomparable. Whereas the boxed set has the plastic insert that holds up to 8 decks in a messy fashion. It can definitely hold more if you remove the insert, but then you need to organize it so that the cards don't get mixed up.
6660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was a gift for my 5yr old.

7802	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	There are three items* SOMEONE should warn parents about before they buy them. This is one of them. I only wish someone had told ME years ago...
4304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
8810	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the greatest thing, I was worried because some of the reviews said it was not made good and it was easily torn.  Not only has it lived up to my 3 year old, but we set it up outside and all the kids come and play, it has not torn.  It sparks great imagination.  All her friends go to school now, this allows her to pretend with them that she is going also.  And best of all, we can store it anywhere when we are done, she has even learned to close it up and put it away.  I highly recommend this bus to all!!!

The system uses the Fantasy Flight Games with specialized dice that have four types of results and use a dice pool mechanic.  I first became familiar with it in FFG's Warhammer Fantasy RPG 3rd Ed. (WHFRPG).  The mechanics were exactly the same.  When all is said and done, the roller has to have more successes than failures to win a challenge, and there are other outcomes that add flavor to the results.
4827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm surprised by how much my 8 year old likes this educational toy.  He even brought it with him to a "show and tell" at one of our home school groups.  All the kids seemed to love getting their hands on the squishy organs.

6539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great toy for the grandkids

8404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is and always has been a great game. My kids set it up just for the fun. Great family game night.
1941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a really good buy.  The stores in my area had all sold out and this was the only place I could find this set
3805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Prepare yourself for an epic struggle for the fate of the Galaxy. A beautifully thematic card game loaded with gorgeous artwork and pretty solid mechanics. So strap in, and join the old faces of Luke and Leia or Darth and Palpatine to assist in the saving or destruction of the Galaxy!
2071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are having fun with this new tradition. The elf is more fun than the book, you could probably just buy the elf alone and just tell your kids the story, but it is nice to have the book as well.


1918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
Your best bet? If you simply want the same game you grew up playing, just look for a cardboard boxed set from the 70s or 80s. For example, this version (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stratego-The-Classic-Game-of-Battlefield-Strategy-1986-Edition/dp/B0028LEM26/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stratego - The Classic Game of Battlefield Strategy 1986 Edition</a>) is the same one I have. I have owned it for many years with no complaints. Finding one for yourself, however, might be trickier than you think. Unless you buy it here from a Amazon Marketplace vendor--which is not recommended, given the ridiculous prices--you are left to your own devices to find it in a used game store or at a garage sale. Alternatively, you can buy one of the currently offered versions. But as I have demonstrated, they are not all the same as one another, and indeed very few are identical to what you may have grown up playing.

The ship has two set of damage cards, fore and aft.  Each set is ten cards following the standard damage card rules.
6635	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is harder than it looks.  Good challenge
9906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We used this for our son at 7 months old. Just have to make sure you have something heavy inside otherwise the wind will blow it away. Otherwise, it worked for us.

2059	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The story is cute, well written and has great graphics.  The Elf though is poorly made.  I can not see this guy lasting more than a couple of years.  His hat is already falling apart.  The whole thing seems poorly constructed and not worth $30.  I would buy the book without the elf and then find an elf somewhere else.  Probably save half the money!
There is NO other toy like this one. Nothing out there that does what this does. Now, my 1 year old and now 5 year old play with it still. Talk about durable! My  year old is sitting on at as I type this. I think she hopes she will spin like the gears. :-)
9793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Both my 1yr old and 4yr old loved this!  The only downfall is that it does take up a good chunk of space.
4556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bananna Grams are made well. The tiles are a hard plastic and the zippered pouch makes it easy to store and/or travel with. It's a fun game and it helps kids learn to think better and improves their spelling.
5875	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product can't wait to play!
1297	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I recently wrote a review for the Forbidden Island board game.  In it, I said that I have been playing board games for a very long time and it is getting harder to find games that I can say are actually better than most of the games I have played before.  Forbidden Island was one of them that I would say that about and so is Ticket To Ride.  Like Forbidden Island, Ticket To Ride is very easy to learn and to teach how to play.  It will appeal to players of all ages.  You play as the owner of a railroad line and you are trying to fulfill contracts by placing trains on routes that connect cities all over a map of the United States.  The more contracts you can fulfill, the more victory points you can accumulate.  There are a lot of expansion sets released, with lots of new maps from all over the world and many more ways to play.  Ticket To Ride is a must have for any board game collection.
I was hoping this one would meet us in the middle.
4328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We're enjoying this game so far!  I also don't mind that these aren't the "original" tiles; they have the holes in the back BUT they make flipping the tiles
First, and foremost, before you decide to buy this game, know that you must have a smartphone, laptop, other PC or tablet with a free downloaded app installed on it. If you do not have this, this is not going to work for you. Second, as with most modern games, prepare to make mistakes your first couple of times playing, so be sure to refer back to the rules in the app frequently. Third, I have found a couple of areas where the rules are not entirely clear (though the beauty of the app is those rules can be updated when issues are found, see why I was excited about the app...), but Fantasy Flight's website has clarification for these rules in the game's forums, so be prepared that you may need to reference back to clarify issues.
1164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  Fun to play and takes some planning.

One downside, it is very complex with a steep learning curve. Once you figure out the rules, the learning is well worth it.

3998	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The only downside I see to this product is that it should come with another red die. Other than that I love the dice, and the dice system for Edge of the Empire! I've actually bought two of these and that's enough for everything my group needs to do.
5971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the 4x game Stars Trek fan's  have been waiting for.  Each player controls not just a ship or fleet, but the entire faction and finally the Federation wins the way they should, by diplomacy and encouraging others to be a part of the Federation and not by winning space battles or conquered planets.  Each faction attains victory in accordance with who they are!  The game involves exploring and evolving your side the most in many ways, from research or technology advances, or cultural hegemony, the universe is yours to see!  Finally with its organic way of building the board, no one game is ever the same, the replay ability of this game is extremely high, and as Gale Force 9 introduces new factions, the number of players increases.  I saw this at Gen on and instantly knew it was a must have
9996	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	As soon as I open the box the smell was too much! Did not even took it out of the box, that cannot be safe for children!


8669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my kids like it
* No factory-farm meat or poultry tells you we're committed to providing your pet with exceptional nutrition that comes from pure protein. Supporting rural farms by using locally and regionally raised animal protein sources helps keep our natural environment and our rural communities healthy and vibrant.
Doom Points (basically a Doom Day Clock to End the Game)
739	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is probably one of my favorite board games to play. It's easy to teach the rules of and can engage a family for 1 1/2 hours. Geography, spatial planning, and double digit addition are things your kids will work on when playing this game. But you don't need kids to play this game!
8598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this three years ago for a 5 and 6 year old.  They are now 8 and 9 and still love this game.  The age range should be 5-adult since it's just a fun for adults.  This game requires only a few elements: strategy, luck, bluffing, and math.  Each round can take from 1-5 minutes and people of every age are matched pretty evenly.  The kids win as often as the adults - which is a good thing - without the parents having to "let" the kids win.  This is the game the kids keep in rotation all the time while other games have gone to the back of the game drawer and game closet.  Daughter has taken this to school a few times and everyone loved it. When the kids want to play a game with me, I often suggest this one.
The game brings out the TV shows theme of a biker clubs illegal enterprise and exploitation combined with those of rival clubs competing for the benefits offered by specific territories. At the core of SoA, its an area control game with direct player conflict.
1321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got this game for my birthday last year. I love it. Also got the addition Alvin and Dexter for it. Basically the game is a map of the USA with train routes connecting cities. You draw train routes (Omaha to Seattle, for example) and try to collect enough colored cards matching the color of the tracks. Usually, but not always, there are a few ways to get to your destinations which is a good thing since other players can block your progress. Nobody knows the routes you have and you can play anywhere you want even if you don't have any trip tickets for a route. We play this game at least once a week and everybody loves it. You can win a game on your second try. It doesn't take alot of extra learning to get better. Obviously you gain some experience playing more but that doesn't necessarily mean you will win. I gave it 4 stars because the cards that come with it are miniature. Don't know why they do this. I bought (maybe that is why they do it) an addition, 1910 which replaces the Trip tickets and train cards with normal sized cards. As mentioned above, I also got the Alvin and Dexter addition wehich adds some chaos to the game, which I love. That addition has to little non-discript chararcters which I detailed painted to make them look better. Some people love that addition others find it too stressful. I love it. Bottom line is Ticket to Ride is a great game and will be played for many years. Worth getting even with the little cards.
3831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks great!
8032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I rate toys using a 3 category system. I look at their entertainment value, durability, and creativity. Every toy needs to keep a child's attention, be able to stand up to their rough playing, and either promote their creativity or be used to play in creative ways. I'll start with a short review and then explain my reasons for the rating in detail.
7936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book might be unhealthy for those interested in farm to fork foods. However, the kids love this game, and it is an all-time favorite as gifts.
5004	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game! It was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad I bought it. It is great for all ages. My 4 year old enjoyed it and understood how to play. I do wish the top of the box didn't have a hole cut out of it. I don't feel like pieces will get lost because the pieces all go in a bag that is included. They would be more secure if the box top was fully enclosed.
5742	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great card game, with completely different style of play and rules than you will be used too.  There are many types of Fluxx games available, but when I saw Star Fluxx, I didn't even consider buying any of the others (OK, maybe the Monty Python, but I think the non-trademark style of the cards makes Star Fluxx so fun and hilarious).  This was my first time playing Fluxx and I didn't have any problems understanding the rules, but I do find myself forgetting some of my keeper powers, but thats just the fun of playing, knowing you may have been able to win last round if you had done x, y, or z.  Of course, since there are many pathways to victory, there are also many pathways to have victory snatched from you, completely unrelated to your own stupidity.  Most Star Fluxx games for us become a battle of attrition, to see how long you can play before someone gets lucky enough to have the right keepers, without anyone being able to foil their victory.
2666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun card game which consists of bidding on the number of hands you think you will win in a given round.  Several fun variations of this game!  This game can be a little difficult for children, so check the suggested age on the box.  Fun game for adults and very competitive!  We play this at least once a week and it never gets old!
406	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for educating
This is one of those classic toys that children of all ages can find lots of uses for--it sparks creativity and imagination, and gives Mom a few minutes' break to go clean the kitchen. ;-)
Here's how Meet Lulu is different than most other coloring books for kids: you can color on the pages or you can scan the pages into the app and color on your tablet device.

8129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So good my kids love this game
2121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Dresden Files RPG is a great game and it uses a great system, however, it is flawed by being way to convoluted in some aspects and the thamaturgy rules are incredibly complex. I played Fate Core first then moved on to the Dresden Files RPG even though I got the DFRPG first because the rules were getting a bit over my head. To be fair, this is because the DFRPG is using an older version of Fate that, by Evil Hats own admission, was a little TOO indepth and complex
Great brain exercise game, good for traveling, good for quiet time, and I'd say anyone film about ages 5-99 could enjoy this if you like a puzzle and challenge to solve. Love that it comes with a mesh storage bag to keep the pieces together.
8805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome buy! Sturdy, hours of fun. Very easy to store and it pops open in seconds. I love how it isn't held together with pvc so it doesnt bend or break easily. Love it!
3523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value for what you get!
5705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wonderful game for novices and experts alike.  The only real caveat is the length of play, as the victory conditions can change at the drop of a hat.  Games can be as short as a few minutes to almost 2 hours (these are the extremes I have been a part of), something to keep in mind.
Why am I playing non characters. I'm upset I can't play main characters, but get it. Why can't I play side characters who actually exist in the franchise?
- Scoring markers that correspond to a player's train color.
5142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Well I like it, but the grandchildren have not shown a lot of interest.  The baby likes to play with the tiles.  I think as the other children will like it more in a few years.  We really haven't had much time to play with it, but it seems like a great game.  I have no regrets buying it.
5389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best "board" games I've ever played. Its addicting and fun (I'm 25). The pieces themselves are really nice and visually appealing too.
552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  A lot of fun, and simple rules.  Very enjoyable if you are a word-y person.  Get this game!
5863	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the Color By Number but want the whole book that way.  I can't wait to get more.  I keep looking and watching!

2695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game. Great way to practice counting and number recognition.
Use the letter tiles to work with kinesthetic learners when visual and auditory methods alone don't work.
858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game!
7634	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Met all expectations and had speedy delivery.
Where I am getting at?  I want Paizo to publish a 150~200 page step-by-step adventure book that continues the adventure provided by the stater box (at the end of page 15 in Game Master's Guide, where they left off).  I suggest it to be a "beginner box expansion" where another set of dice is included, with more creature tokens, maybe 2-3 more 1-5 level classes even, and of course, a 150~200 page level 2~5 adventure guide.  If all this is too much trouble, I wouldn't mind if you would only publish a 200+ page adventure hardcover book, similarly priced to a non-core hardcover book.  You see, I think this starter gave lots of amazing ideas how to start and run level 1 adventures, but only gave vague ideas how continue -let alone finish- through level 5.

2773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute

6037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My friends and I have a ball every time we run a campaign.  I have yet to try the solo games but it's a crowd pleaser whether you're in the know about the series or not.

3361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This expansion is well worth the money.  It adds dimensions to the regular game, and multiplies the game's replay value several times.  If one were to only play Kingsburg, and no other games, it would be impossible to play every possible combination, and you would still not get tired of the game, not counting normal "gaming" fatigue!!
8317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kiddos love this classic game!
6140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesome little flying toy that is very simple and easy to use.

I had three kids, ages 6 to 12 over to our house and got out this game for them to play with.  I helped the 6 year old some but all three ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!  Obviously, they are the exception to the rule among the children being raised today...
The eerie and dark theme has been continued in this expansion, and it is added on to the base game naturally.
7113	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love it very fun!
3067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old daughter bought this "with her own money" that she earned from dog sitting and she is thrilled with her purchase.  She loves this toy and it seems to be holding up very well.
Its a great game and it has been to our table a lot, kids really enjoy this game as well.
6364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nephew loved it!
I open it to see it ..it's awesome!(I'm a surgical tech and I love this human body!)
8704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great for a car to entertain a kid, but *much* more fragile than the regular size.
5346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my daughter for Christmas. She plays it with Mom, friends, and her 2 younger brothers. It has been an instant hit.

We LOVE Bananagrams!
2782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son loves Pete the cat!
6159	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy works so good we purchased a 2nd one the next day and both have held up very well in our household with 5 children!  We purchased a different brand initially but were irked by how it flew as well as a short in the charger/battery unit.  We will definitely stick with this brand for future purchases!
Buy it
5960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Harbour: 1-4 Players, Ages 8+, Average Play Time = 30-60 Minutes
Definitely recommend this game. We play with 2 people, but it is fun with more as well!

7837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my grandchildren. Every bit as fun as I remember from when I was a child!
445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game
7382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We've had this game for quite a long time. It has held up over the years and makes for some fun game play.
3799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had to have this figure immediately and was not disappointed. I love how her hair and sleeves are made from a flexible plastic that feels soft. Good one, guys!
198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
4151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game. We love Game of Thrones. So for us to actually play this game was fun. we plated four players . Every turn there is a new twist, This is a good strategic game. This is the second edition. Its more fun then the first one. Great for friends to play on the weekend.
746	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is so much fun! I play it with my friends and 11-year-old daughter and we have a blast. Its not a game my 8-year-old enjoys as it requires patience and strategy.
9177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent toy. My grandson has autism and he just loves this toy. This is the second one I've purchased for him. He played with the first one so much he wore it out.
2203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband, myself, and my three kids, ages 17, 15 and 10, have all enjoyed playing the game numerous times. We have had a good time laughing. One thing we love about the game is it is not a long drawn out game. For our family a game took about 30 minutes. Many times we would play another round. A turn off for us on many games is the length of time they take. Plus, we love that the game does not make any one feel stupid.
I finally broke down and purchased it at Barnes and Noble when I had a gift card burning a hole in my pocket, and realized what an interesting game it really is.  It's great for visual and strategic thinking, and it comes with a number of cards, each providing a different challenge.  And, for whatever reason, it is really quite fun to slide the plastic cars around on the board.
 I hate to tell you what to do but
TL; DR- This game feels like a pocket Lords of Waterdeep.  90%
The game board is quite large so requires some space to play it and there are a lot of pieces.  The cards and pieces however are very durable and last for multiple playings.  The add-ons for the game add a tremendous amount of value although I've only played other maps online and using their iPad version.  That said, I still prefer the USA map.
6114	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Wish they would be more specific on the graphic driver needed to run this sim. I would have bought one that was set up for vista.
5080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun and easy to learn even for young players. You can learn more strategy as you play and for the older players.
Educational, especially for children.
1001	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved this game, our 7 year old had trouble playing by herself, so we played in teams.
I think this is one off the most ambitious releases from Fantasy Flight Games to date.  It includes 3 ships (i.e., TWO alternative paint 2 Z-95s and ONE alternative paint Y-Wing), with everything you need to play them with the Scum faction.  And, it also includes everything you need to modify one each of your current Slave 1 and HWK-290 ships so you can use them with the Scum faction.  Plus, it includes tons of new upgrades, many of which can also be used on current Rebel or Imperial ships.  Given everything thats included, Im guessing most players will want one and probably even two of this expansion.
4434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8 and 10 year olds have loved it!
7451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The board is not like the classic set up and there is a lot going on in which can be a bit distracting and overwhelming for some young players.
3356	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I freely admit that I'm a "board game geek." I love unconventional, complicated games with boards the size of the table and hundreds of tokens and cards spread about. Most of my friends, however, are not. Talisman has proven to be fun for everyone and satisfyingly complex enough for the more serious boardgamers. It is very easy to play despite having so many choices and twists. As a Fantasy Flight Game, this version is up to the standards I have come to expect from the company- heavy cardstock, sturdy boxes, great artwork, and tons of tokens and other accessories. When you add in a few of the expansions you have enough material to never have the game play out the same way twice. This is a must-have if you're looking to broaden your boardgame horizons beyond Monopoly and Clue.
8301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Old School game. Love it played with my 2 grandsons and they love it too.
147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The grands loved this book and nesting toy!
2101	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A friend at work told me about 'Elf on the Shelf' and I figured I would give it a try.  Had to read the book a number of times to my three year old as he immediately could not understand why he could not touch him but he finally understood and the weeks before Christmas were fun as the Elf magically appeared in different places in the house.  And when we traveled he would appear as well.  Great idea and keeps your child off the naughty list.
7104	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This thing is sturdy. My kids have not treated it gently and it works great. I like how the receipts are just post it notes, making it easy to find refills. The buttons are nice and big and we enjoy the sound it makes when opened. The money is cute and real sized. This product is better than the cheap junk grocery sets you find. I'm using it now to keep track of "mom bucks." A reward system for kids. Totally recommend!

Who would like this game?

Overall, the play is very fun, portable, fast-paced, and often amusing.
Overall, the experience was a positive one.  Our first few games took much longer than the average play time called for, mainly because we were still trying to get used to how the cards interacted with one another.  To that end, you'll definitely want to allot yourself some extra time during your first few games.  It becomes much easier to play the more times you cycle through the cards you're used to seeing.  Battles also take a little time to get used to, though I must commend Fantasy Flight for publishing a twenty minute video tutorial, which I linked below.  I highly recommend watching it before attempting to decipher the manual.


2935	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for husband
I did order this game from Amazon, but it took more than six weeks to arrive.
6257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat the fun you get out of it for the price.  I bought a Losi Nightcrawler shortly thereafter, and even though the Losi performs much better....you can have almost as much fun with this thing.  Get some weights for the wheels!
1239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the first designer board games I purchased because I loved it so much.  It's simple and easy to teach but hard to master and has a lot of strategy and replay value.  When explaining it to people it's hard to get them interested in a game where you lay trains and build tracks across the country but everyone I've taught has really taken to it.
One thing I did not expect is that the game can drag on for hours. Except for a few special powers, no-one can kill more than one monster per turn, but you often get one monster per turn. Several of the encounter cards grow the dungeon for you whether you want them to or not, which keeps adding monsters. Then there are sentry monsters, which can open up new areas and thereby bring more monsters into the game. More than once we've had to retreat to a narrow hallway, bottleneck the ghastlies, and just pray we could mow 'em down before we got Walls of Magma. But if you're careful, and a bit lucky, you can just barely stay alive by clever use of powers, especially if you have the cleric and the paladin in play to keep healing folks. Again, part and parcel--"stay alive until you just barely win (or just barely lose)" ought to be the definition of suspenseful, dungeon-crawly satisfaction. But in actual practice it feels more like, "stay alive until the dice finally kill you (or fail to)".
1525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute, great quality and so much fun!
2389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great book for toddlers with all their favorite songs.  I especially like it because the songs are not too long for toddlers who have a short attention span.
2592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this game. I've played it numerous times throughout college and after. It is a card game of conspiracy and world domination loosely based on the Illuminatus! Trilogy by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson. Moreso it is about the crazy Conpiracy theories behind that and other books. The cards and rules are written with a similar sense of wry inciteful humor as the book, and that's part of the beauty of the game.
5921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was surprised how fun this little game is.  My husband is hooked and my 12 year-old loves it as well.  I am also in the fan wagon for this game.

9663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	needed

He comes with 3 command command cards, including two in particular that are pretty awesome:
I have NEVER had to watch videos to figure out how to play a game.  The rule book does contradict itself and leads to confusion, and then watching the videos really don't clarify the rules.  It simply re-states them.  Not a terrible game, and it's actually kind of fun once you figure it out and get it down, but be prepared for a learning curve.  even if you are familiar with gaming already.
7962	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What's there to say ? It's a classic ! Love this game.
3861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The E-Wing is an expansion for the X-Wing Miniature Game, which happens to include a good model. I got this ship from the Micro Machines Action Fleet collection, but I'm not familiar with this ship from the Star Wars EU. The ship looks intriguing so I decided to get this one.

Aside from that, we love the whole elf thing.
Turns out the game was 100% better with the correct rules!  :)


4559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this a few months ago and we played it recently when visiting my son's family.  It is small and easy to transport, and they liked it enough to purchase one to take on their family vacation.  It takes much less time than Scrabble, and there are opportunities for many to win, because each round is short.  Good for kids and adults.
35	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not sure why there are so many rave reviews for this product. It is literally the size of an index card and only about 4 pages long (some activity book!) The stickers are bright and colorful but there are only enough to make about 3-4 sticker robots. You could probably find something similar at the dollar store.
Don't underestimate your child.  Hide it where it is visible but make it challenging.  I really believe these kids today are much sharper than we were and they love the exitement of the search.
3293	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	A GAME OF THRONES is all about appearance, and no substance at all. One of the most boring, tedious, superficial, unbalanced board games I've ever seen.
5317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game and so do our kids and grandkids.  It's nice to have a fresh concept in a table game.  I highly recommend it.
403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great puzzle to help a little one learn their numbers! So helpful that each number is a separate piece. Highly recommended by this K/1 teacher!
315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love Lords of Waterdeep, you will probably love this expansion.  Lords of Waterdeep is easily in my top 5 favorite games.  The base game plays very well and I will happily play it once or twice a week and don't get tired of it.  In other words - you don't *need* this expansion to enjoy the base game.  (Which bodes well for the game, but not necessarily the expansion.)


It is best played with a younger child (we've done it ages 4 to maybe 8). Each sandwich shaped card has a food item picture. Players take turns turning over their Slamwich cards one at a time. If two cards are the same in a row, the first player to slap the pile gets all the cards in the current pile and adds them to the bottom of their pile. Or if there is one card separating the match, you can do the same thing. There are also thieves that require a loud, "Stop thief" and a slap. There are muncher cards too but we've never been able to work that into our game, they seem to make it more awkward to play.

9713	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This tent surpasses any other tent we have had. Sturdy and easy to put up. great size for tall 2 & 4 year olds.

9337	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My three year old loves this, and it is very sturdy. It holds up well to being dropped, sat on and stood on. And it is fun to play, as well!
1062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game and a great franchise. I played the iOS version and then bought this. It's even better in person
The charms and rhinestones are set into place by putting them on the paste, so have them ready in advance.  The big stickers should ideally go on first and then decorated around.  It's a little bit harder than it looks because things sink into the paste and don't always stay clean, and especially with the stickers, it can sometimes be a challenge to get them unstuck from your fingers and onto the paste.  Once on though, it looks SO CUTE!!  To keep the inside of the book from getting bulky, you'll probably want to keep the stickers on the outside.  The book comes with full color graphic descriptions on how to use the puffy paste glue - they are perforated and can be detached once you are finished.
7507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Chutes and Ladders is a classic game from my childhood. Even though its been nearly 30 years since I was the appropriate age for the game, little has changed. This oldie but goodie has provided my little one with hours of board game fun and lessons on being a good winner or loser. The only disappointment is that like with many toys, the quality of craftsmanship is declining, but overall worth the price.
6796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A quick, easy one person game.  My 6 year old grandchildren both really like it and will each play with it for quite a while by themselves.  Also enjoyable for adults to pass a little time.  Easy to understand, and makes the kids feel really smart when they get the red car out of the traffic jam!
I would recommend around 3-4 players.
Dividers/Info Cards for every character and drink deck. These are slightly taller than the card and allow you to arrange the decks and see the contents without having to pull them out, and are labeled on both sides. The front features a portrait, while the rear has a small bio/explanation of character-specific gimmicks.
892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family gets hours of fun out of this game! I love it because it brings a little geography to the kitchen table. It's also super fun for all ages, we have 3 generations sitting together in one place, scheming on one another. We never tire of playing. I also highly recommend getting the expansion for it, it makes it so much more fun!
For the product...The package is comes in is sturdy and is nice to keep everything together in. The Elf is made very durable! The book that comes with it is NICE! It's a hard cover and the pages are a think paper. In the back of the book it has an area that you write when your tradition started and your elfs name. It's a cute and easy read! My boys love the book so much we read it every night before bedtime! I would recommend this Elf on the Shelf package to anyone! It's such a FUN new family tradition I can't wait to do every year with my family!
Eminent Domain is a light to medium weight deck building game full of strategy.  It can be played in about 45 minutes but will probably take over an hour for the first play through.  It did for us anyway.  The setup is quick and choosing first player is really simple through the use of the player aid tiles.  I love the artwork and find the theme is really integrated quite well.  It feels like you are creating your own space empire.  Everything from the cards to the plastic fighter tokens looks amazing, although I kind of wish that there had been more of that great artwork on the role cards instead of the large icons.  It's not that difficult and is fairly easy to learn.  Fans of deck building games like Ascension or card games like the Star Wars LCG should thoroughly enjoy this game.  I absolutely love it and find myself wanting to play it every opportunity that I can.  I highly recommend it.  It brings out my inner Starfleet Captain.  "Space, the final frontier...".

That is a very brief summary & I'm not sure it does the game justice. Suffice it to say, this is my absolute favorite game. I can play it for hours on end.
9180	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 1 year old for christmas after he used them in music class. Very durable. Great sound. Also bought the 16" diameter drum. Both Remo drums came with two mallets. These get used with every playdate at my house and hold up well to being sat on or climbed upon. Even the older kids (6-7) enjoy playing with them.
I love that this cash register is simple but still has a lot of functionality. It's easy to use and enhances both our playtime and our homeschool learning experience.
9830	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Is hard to put together.
2892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves when we read any/all of the Llama Llama books, so when I saw this, I knew he'd be thrilled.  And thrilled he was!  It's adorable!
4353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and portable world game. Nice quality tiles.
There are four other games in the 10 Days line. They are Europe, Africa, USA, and Asia. All make a great learning adventure for the young and old.
5006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love how fun and easy this game is to play. It's a great alternative to a game like Scrabble when playing with friends who aren't native English speakers and it brought out the competitive side in all of us!
429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a tacto-phile, as well as a magno-phile, and this 'toy' is an excellent blend of creativity, simplicity and fun! The look and feel of the individual pyramids is very pleasant, and the fun of being able to take it apart and see what you can create is a blast! I wish I had two (or three!)
4060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it
9484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love it,,it is the READING TENT in the playroom
A lot of fun. I enjoy the app as well.
3104	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves animals, insects, anything that moves.  Living in Florida, he loves to catch little lizards in his back yard and study them close up, before releasing them.  He also catches every insect he finds and researches it.  He also uses it for cathcing tadpoles in the local stream.
1718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	First year for us.
1329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played it at a friend's house and loved it enough to order it for ourselves.  Its really easy to learn and doesn't take a whole lot of time (30 min to an hour for 3 people depending on well you know the rules).  Everyone else we've played it with loves it as well.
Choice 2) Vectored Thrusters, from the Arc 170 expansion, is another card that really helps Wedge, and Luke from the core set (and Wes, if you splurge on the Transport), as it lets high PS turn into some arc dodging antics many foes still don't factor in from a '65. It gives the ship a 3rd action, a Barrel Roll, for a handful of points (again, on aces with high PS that's golden, even more so with cards like Predator thrown on), while not eating up the valuable astromech slot.
(3) Dutyfree, a unique 2 point upgrade that expands the range of the jam action from 1-2 to 1-3.
5785	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love doing adult Dot to Dot.  I enjoyed it very much.
Overall a great casual board game for any group of friends or family.  This is a modern classic.  Get this or the European version (Slightly more complex)
 1. Playing time is listed around 100 minutes. That is probably true, but doesn't take into account the elaborate setup required by the game which can add 10-20 minutes on both ends of the playing time.

Anyway, it's a pretty basic game.  Not that hard to win every time as an adult, but it appeals to all ages.  Knocking a star off because the storage compartment doesn't conveniently hold the pieces and because the overall design and build quality of the board isn't as good as it used to be.
4802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 yr old loves this!  We've given it as a birthday gift and its great fun for everyone.  Be careful to keep it all together so you don't lose organs!  We keep ours in a box with lid.
8901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 15 month old Grandson love this drum.  He can walk by it without playing a few bars
All over a really neat and different game. Great filler game.
9726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for your kid or dog/ cat haha!
The pieces turn up all over the place!
4199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my kids to put on there office desk.  It's a cute mini globe & I really like the old style look.


3892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The price point seems fair considering what you get.  10 new minis, multiple new tiles, a new condition effect, 2 new classes and more.  I'm looking forward to running through these as the 1-shot games with a few friends since we are still going through the main campaign at this time.  If you want to see the components here is a link:
9692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Kid loves this.  These add ons are expensive but the moving pieces (the gate, the signs) seems to add to the pretend play. It's fun to watch him play with this.
2358	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
I did not own War of Indines but I heard that this was one of the weak points of the game.  This version definitely brought it's game up considering that every character, token, card, boss, etc looks absolutely amazing.  Like I said above the box cover alone gave a great early impression.  The board is perfect and it's not too small or to big.  After your first time preparing a character (which can honestly take a little while figuring out which tokens they need, etc) starting up games will take 2 seconds.  I even spent time last night separating all of the Novice and Beginner characters with their cards and tokens into their correct sleeves.  But overall great art design, there was definitely a lot of time taken to accomplish this.
5568	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We enjoy all the versions of Fluxx. If you know space movies, then this is more of a wow...
9968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great for the kids

9394	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We first saw this drum in the larger size at my 1 year old son's kindermusic class. He absolutely loved it! The drum is of great quality and makes a great sound. We purchased this smaller size mainly due to price and it is just as great as the larger size. The mallet is a good size, but my son prefers to just hit it with his hands and you sitll get a good clear tone out of the drum. The pattern on the side is very nice and helps blend in with a play room setting.
9253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum is awesome! My 2 year old loves music and this drum has a very nice sound and has so far stood up to her playing. It seems to be well made and the decoration on the outside makes it cute for kids.
- Shuffling can be awkward
5851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very relaxing
We love it.  Great design, great board, good pieces - fun game.
Whenever one player is finished, he/she shouts, "Go!" and everyone takes another tile.  It repeats until the tiles remaining are fewer than the number of players at the table.
3197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit I was skeptical of the claims that I've read about the Vornado but it works wonders! It is very quiet on low - a little noisy on high but that's to be expected. Point it at the ceiling and it still cools the whole room off. I hate having fans blowing directly on me so this is wonderful! My husband heats up much faster than I do and this cools him off without freezing me out. I have a feeling our AC bill will be much lower this summer :) Thanks Vornado!

7476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Three year old loves it
Our kids have a plethora of board games (see my ListMania list) and they state this is one of their all-time favorites! Don't let some of the reviews deter you. If you are willing to spend an hour+ of quality time with your kids, then this game is well-worth it!

6542	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun way to play the game with kids (or by yourself).  Yes, now many apps like this but sometimes just fun to have something physical to hold and interact with your child while playing and solving together.  Comes with a travel bag too, so very handy to take with you or just store.
9966	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my kindy this year so we could watch the lifecycle of a butterfly. It was amazing! The net is easy to clean, very lightweight and portable, and the perfect size for 4 or 5 butterflies!
Like the other ally and villain packs in this Wave, this one both completes (i.e., you can now use the Boba Fett mini instead of the token) and adds to (i.e., command cards, skirmish and campaign missions, and more) what's comes with the Twin Shadows box set.

4560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is awesome! If you like wordplay, Scrabble, or crossword puzzles, you will love this game. It is suitable for most age levels, from families with young children, to adults. I've played this at parties, at family gatherings, and solo. Very fun and highly recommended.

3103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old went crazy when she opened this on Christmas morning.  She just adores it.  Good quality toy.  Just as I expected.
477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the entire family!!

I don't play it as much now because I feel there's not as much replay value in the base game, but will pull it out if there's someone new to board games who is interested in learning.
His head doesnt really turn so its hard to get a good position.
311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great expansion to Lords of Waterdeep.  This expansion adds three different levels of play so you get a lot out of it.

1355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  It takes just a few minutes to learn, and will provide you with hours of fun
7514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Simple, but good one! The only thing I'm not happy about is that it reminds the kid of candies and he asks for something like he sees on the pictures.
8742	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesome sphere; I use with elementary students; it has many uses: visual for breathing; play catch; calming/relaxing; it makes people happy.
As far as durability goes, it depends.  If you have friends who get really into it and have a tendency to just pound that plastic bubble into oblivian, you may find yourself buying a replacement before too long.  But as long as no one gets overly excited, this is a game that will last for years.  And only after MAJOR usage will you ever have to replace it.
7243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game
5845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very challenging, very interesting, loved the dot to dot, no complaints about this book at all----great great great great great
891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most intelligent games on the market.  So many options that you are fully engaged in the game every minute.
Two stars.  The dolphins do make noise but not often enough.  They are hard enough that a baby can hurt their gums on them, or *you* or a sibling if they are thrown.  One plus is that they don't seem to mildew.

6674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Since we call our grandson,Trouble, this is an appropriate game for him.
8362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just now realized I didn't do my review I bought this for my daughter.... Dude ... Its Operation of course it was fun! We had HOURS of fun playing it together!
7660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves his cash register! We got this to go along with the Melissa and Doug Market Stand, and we have had so much fun with it already. When we are a little older this will be a great learning tool as well.
4085	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find item. at good price. same FFG quality. needed addition to core game. was hoping the item would be slightly differant than the one in the core game.
5469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for my 3 year old when it was 75% off just before Christmas.  He enjoys the interactive DVD that teaches about animals in their different habitats. The DVD asks questions that require the user to use the computer mouse to select the correct answer.  It comes with a cube puzzle that can be put together at the end of each DVD segment.  Great for the discount price I paid, but surely not worth the retail price.
My kids love playing (ages 6 and 11) and I love playing as an adult.

1592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
4690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 4 year old loves the human body. he loves it. It is that sticky material so it got really dirty fast in our 3 dog house. Also the pieces are small so lost easily (but did expect that).


3876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The first transport... is away!



Overall this is one of my favorite games ever. It is simple to learn and no two games are ever quite the same due to the variety of the cards as well as the availability of expansions. This is one of the best, highest quality games on the market!

2305	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family has had so much fun with this little elf. " CP" as. He is often called here will send the kids letters, cookies, or other small treats in the mail. I think he is something every young family should have!


Wonderful for the beginner and especially for practice.
130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great therapy tool!
3358	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the games that started it all! I played it twenty years ago and longed to own it when it went out of print. Kudos to Fantasy Flight Games for reprinting it! I am sure they made lots of old school gamers very happy with this re-release.
Some only take 5 or 6 moves and others take 15-20 moves. It takes strategy to plan out which pieces need to be moved out of the way to allow for a clear exit. The cars/trucks cannot be picked up and moved, they need to slide on the tracks which make the moves limited. The answer to each set up is on the back of each individual card.
5581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Fluxx games and this one is just as fun as the rest.
He's been fantastic about waiting for his turn, and counting out the spaces. In fact, I thought he'd get mad that he couldn't go around the board until he got a "6" but he was amazingly patient! (Keep in mind a player could miss out on the ENTIRE game if they never roll a six.) I'm glad we bought it.
6390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loved it and its awesome because she is learning to count money the proper way while having fun!
9326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for young kids!  Who didn't love playing with bean bags as a kid?  A great product to have around the house and let the kids or you come up with games, who can balance a bean bag on their head the longest?  Make up a toss game so kids can practice their aim.  Or try something as simple as playing catch with them!  The possibilities are endless!


5026	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game...we love it
5032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game. My four year old understands it well. It took him four or five games to totally get it. He and the eight year old can play it by themselves, and my husband and i don't mind playing it with them either.
When scoring a word, each card is worth the value of points show on its face. If a player cant score a word, they get a turkey (zero points.) There are no negative effects in this game unless a player fails a challenge. A player can challenge a word if they feel it isn't really a word. If they are wrong and it is in the dictionary chosen, then they subtract the total score of the word from their score and vice versa. If the player being challenged is wrong, then they lose the points.
8176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love the game. I bought this for my 6 year old girls. As a kid, I remember being excited/nerve wracked trying to avoid the loud obnoxious buzzer, it would almost startle you when it went off. This is partly why the game was so much fun! But the buzzer isn't the sameit sounds softer and less annoying. I miss the old buzzer!

1862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it.
The Cat trucks and heavy equipment drawings may be somewhat confusing for those not specifically interested in construction machinery.  However, that was not the case for my grandson who is fascinated by machinery and heavy equipment.  He was thrilled with this matching game and regularly beats the adults in our family who are not as conversant with the subtle differences between various machines.  The particular trucks, diggers, signs or construction tools name is printed on each card of the pair.  The backs of the cards are printed in a black and yellow diagonal stripe design that makes remembering the locations of already revealed items even more difficult.  If you do not concentrate on remembering the position of previously revealed cards, the diagonal-stripe pattern can be even more distracting.
8350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My niece loved it! Thank you for having the original Mouse Trap!
Page Three, "Combat", contains attack roll modifiers, armor class modifiers, combat maneuvers, two-weapon fighting, concentration checks, and a great list of conditions that affect combat.


-very simple gameplay - draw some cards, play some matching cards, put trains on the board, lather rinse repeat

9223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this after seeing it at one of our early development classes for our Autistic 2 year old.  He loved it at class and now loves it at home!!  Our 4 year old (who is not autistic) loves it as well and it has definitely been worth the money.
6500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Favorite game for the family! Perfect for ages 4-6
So overall, A good starting point. I highly recommend the rear steer mod. I feel this truck will easily clear obstacles that are difficult or impossible for my 1/10th rockslide crawler. I also recommend using some foam to better hold the battery still in the holder, it is not a snug fit.
But the real value to me is having a full adventure. While I love writing adventures and being creative as a GM, it takes hours to do that, so if I can, I like to keep a few ready-made adventures on standby.

8879	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I like juggling my new balls. They are balanced in weigh and durable. The price was right and they are a good product.
3478	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful! I really love it.
936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a really fun game. It's fun because you never play the same game twice, it's different every time! You also have to interact with the other players in order to block then from taking your spot. Be careful because some people get really vindictive when they play this game.
It didn't.  It only added more features.
3264	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	pfft
6440	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is such a cheap version of what I had growing up. The board is just a piece of cardboard snapped in to the back of the plastic top. The bubble to pop seems like its going to get stuck every time. I would not purchase again.
There's a little of both with this one:

Once you manage to cut the balsa wood fins and attach them to the rocket, it's time to head out to a field and try this puppy out.
1101	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game long playing requiresstrategy
2045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We gave this to my daughter for her kids to enjoy the month of December.  What "good" little grandkids I have!  This was not only fun for the kids but the parents certainly got their fun from Elf tool.  Elf was certainly creative when he appeared each morning back from the North Pole after his nightly visit to Santa.  I wish we would have thought of this for our kids when they were small.  My son and his family have done this for a couple of years and the kids run out each morning in December to see where Elf is hiding.  What a great Christmas tradition for families!
6573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice old style trouble. Im so glad i was able to find the old one.
- good organization of numbers so kids can see a pattern of answers
6187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The best starter rc helicopter. Very stable and very durable....Syma 107s are the standard you should judge the others with. Well worth the money.
My kids had some difficulty with the crayon stylus when getting started and staying in the lines was almost impossible when they started but over time they got a handle of it.  Using the stylus to switch the color options was a bit tougher and we just ended up using our fingers.  I like the features to share or print the artwork after your child is done and I also like the different coloring instruments that were available for use.  Over all it's a great product for kids, especially since the app helps my kids to play and not make a mess.
Because I love the original so much, (I ignored the Third Edition, which tried to updated things to make the game more in-line with RPGs including things like "Experience Points" and connecting Talisman even further to the Games Workshop "Warhammer Universe.") it took me awhile to give this Fourth Edition of "Talisman" a try.  I finally gave it a chance at a local gaming convention and was hooked again.
All-in-all this game is a great game to play with your significant other, or with a large group.  It's also simple enough that it's really hard to get confused on the rules.  I've played this game at least 10 times now and I have not seen a duplicate question yet!
- They can sell their stock for cash now, the amount depending on how big the corporation is.
6733	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that helps build logic and deduction skills in those who play it. I have purchased it for all my grandchildren (ages 7-10)  and love playing it with them. It's fun to watch them be delighted when they finally crack the code.
2722	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our Grandson loves the Otis books and he was thrilled to get this Plush toy for Christmas! It is well made, durable, and great fun for little ones. Plus, it's soft enough to sleep with. I recommend this to anyone for anyone!

4000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been a huge fan of the XCOM games (Enemy Unknown, Enemy Within, XCOM 2) that have come out in the past few years. To me, this game captures the tension of trying to defend earth from an unknown alien threat wonderfully. While I am a fan of board games in general, I especially love the ones that help you craft a thematic story, which I feel XCOM: The Board Game gives you the tools to do.
8921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really love the sound, I play it with my son along, we both enjoy it.
9932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loved this garden. Caterpillars (5) came quickly ....and all turned into butterflies !
As for myself, this is my favorite game I own. I have played almost completely as the Corp and almost completely as Weyland and sometimes the ultra-evil Jinteki. Only now am I starting to consider playing NBN and Hass Bioroid. And only now am I finally building Runner decks to play against my wife. The possibilities for playing this game are as endless as the fun. If you can afford this game and the expansions, and have the time and patience for it, it just might become your favorite game too.
1724	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AWSOME
(1) People who don't like randomness in their gaming tend not to like Fluxx.  It's not true that there is no strategy at all, BUT strategy only takes you so far and can be easily disrupted by the strong random element.
619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As expected
2589	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great classic game.  A little longer to play but still good.
1705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Elf on the shelf, what more do I say? Get him before he destroys your kitchen!
2279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love this elf. Not creepy like the other guy and super cute. The book is colorful and is a good read. Little long for my 3 yr old but the pictures kept him interested. Good elf story with not being naughty but nice!

8736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Product is about what I expected but the larger spheres are a lot more fun.  They hold up well, hasn't popped a connection yet.  Very intriguing.

9503	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Numbers are hard to see
6270	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	It took too much time to keep in dark for them to glow. Egg was very flimsy quality, and the color without glowing was not a pretty color. Sorry. I ended up throwing them away. You usually don't use Easter eggs at night when the glowing would be more appropriate.

Overall the first time I opened this up - we played four times - needless to say I won all four! (But it took over five hours (and didnner in between) to win them!
1 - 4 Players (Best with 1 or 2)
I look forward to our next play, but unfortunately being almost 30 there is only so much time for complicated board games with your friends.  I blame Mrs. Philyodaddy, she's always wanting me to do stuff like visit museums or go to work.  Woman, I have been waiting to use this Euron Crow's Eye card for 3 rounds now!  Just let me Muster my forces!  Leave me alone!
1504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! My family and I (we're all over the age of 18) love it and play it every time we get together. It's definitely not for younger kids. It's a pretty easy game to pick up and teach others who have never played before. The only bummer is that only up to 5 people can play at once! We just wish at least 6 could play. I wouldn't even try to explain the directions here because it might sound a little silly but it really is a fun game!
(1) Boba Fett, a level 8 unique pilot that costs 39 points whose special ability reads, When attacking or defending, you may reroll 1 of your dice for each enemy ship at Range 1.
I didn't see an option to save your progress on a page and come back to finish coloring it, but my daughter was a big hog of my iPad so I can't be sure that there isn't one somehow.
340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have expansion. The boon of euro style games has brought expansions to base games to the US. Many expansions really aren't that necessary but this is one that really adds a lot of variation to your game play. The base game is fairly basic and is a great entry level worker placement game. With this expansion you add several new gaming elements into the game and make it more of an intermediate game. I highly recommend it.
Allow your children to choose their own fate!!! Resist the sweet temptations of Candy Land!!!
6278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favorite of all eevee evolutions had been espeon but recently I can't seem to pick a favorite anymore. I bought it and it was just too cute.

6701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter Loves this cash register. Wish it functioned more realistically though, it's simply a calculator. It would be great if you entered the total, hit a tender amount, then could give change, but she doesn't mind.
4659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Believe it or not, my soon to be 5 year old granddaughter asked for this for her birthday.  I think she feels it is a really cool puzzle...but she will be learning as she takes it apart and puts everything back in its place. Great idea SmartLab!
1595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What can I say he's an elf on a shelf the original one and only. Mint condition and super cute. My daughter has wanted us to use these for years so I finally broke down and bought one. It's well worth the money. Amazon prices can't be beat.
5657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I haven't played any of the other versions of Fluxx - but this is a lot of fun.  Easy to set up and super easy to explain the rules! (which is a bonus cause we usually play games like Arkham Horror - with a 30 min set up time and 30 min of explaination to start the game:)  This is a fun way to kill 20 min or an hour!
9279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for our son as a Christmas gift.  Six months later, it has held up beautifully (I mean, SERIOUS banging going on with this thing and we've had NO issues).  It's a drum.  It's loud.  But it makes a really nice sound (not too high pitched).  I highly recommend it!


7722	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love playing games and puzzles with my 4 year old.  When he has trouble on the potty we pull out our portable desk and play a game or puzzle.  I ask him to select and he always chooses Chutes and Ladders.  It took him awhile to get the counting down while he moved the marker but now it is no problem.  He loves the ladders and even the excitement of me (usually) going down the ladder.  I think it is important to teach a 4 year old turn taking, following rules, being a respectful winner etc...  and we practice all of these with this Chutes and Ladders game.  Love it!
2065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly, very well packaged.  Got this for my grandson's first Christmas.  He isn't old enuff to understand just yet, but it has given joy to the rest of the family.  I can see this little elf will be cherished for many years to come, lol. Thanks!
Short learning curve, lots of additional strategies to learn.
1191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  Fun and adventurous.  We love it.
I noticed a lot of people complained about putting the models together personally I didn't have any issues... but it might be difficult for someone who has never done models before.
Well, I just bought one for a gift for my nephew. It was around $8. There were other versions that were about that and others still around the $10-$12 range. I think that is too much (call me cheap) but for $8, it is expensive but still worth it.

2479	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a tiny board! It should be advertised as travel size. There are four red posts that separate each tile, and many of mine arrived on the board crooked. It's flimsy, too. I should have looked at the dimensions. I liked that it was 'tile lock,' but this is really nothing special. The plastic tiles are super, super cheap looking. Look elsewhere.
7075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is easy to learn and a great party game.  The rules are basically to try to get your team to say a word without using the five restricted words.  I suppose you score per word, but we never keep score.  As a nonexistent example, there might be a card with "breakfast" as the word and "food", "pancake", "morning", "eat", and "waffle" on it.  It's entertaining watching someone try to explain a word without being able to use one that they really want to.  I recommend this for any family or group of friends.
95	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	how cute
7683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
They are all harmless and a real draw for young boys and girls.
A few of my other complaints involve parts of the system that can't really be changed.  For one there appears to be balance issues, not necessarily with the different factions (though there may be, it wasn't apparent in one play) but one of the most interesting parts of the game is the different victory conditions but they do not appear to be created equal.  Culture in particular seems very difficult to achieve and a military victory seems a little bit easier than the others.  Starting with a military focused faction would give you even more of a head-start.  And while other players can garrison to prevent this that also distracts from them achieving their own victory.  Again though, these are observations from a single play.  Also, I wish the map and movement rules were designed so that in a 4 player game all civilizations were equidistant but each player always has one opponent they are further from than the others due to the square setup and orthogonal movement but this is a minor gripe.  My biggest issue with the game is I quite dislike the combat system.  It is uninteresting, overly convoluted, and kind of stupid.  It doesn't really mimic the video game so it's not an issue of a poor attempt to translate that and with so many tried and true war games to borrow the card- or dice-driven combat systems from I think this was just a failed attempt to do something a little original.


1565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic little elf! Nice packaging, and the book was nice too!

9543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Baby shower purchase. Recipients love it.
4660	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is garbage. Do not waste your money. Yes it's cool for looking at but kids cannot play with it. It's hard to put back together and the organs fall out. The organs are also sticky so the first time they hit the ground they're full of fuzz and whatever else is down there. My kids are 8 and 10, this thing didn't last much more than a week

4766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great gift.
2028	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable little elf!  My children really enjoyed him, and the book that came with him.  They actually wanted to go to bed at night so they could go search for "Rusty" in the morning.  They were very sad to see him go back to Santa when Christmas was over.  Very fun little Christmas game to play with your children, and a wonderful tradition to pass down to their children.


3215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like Gloom and are looking at the expansions, this is one of the better, if not best choices.
3934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just what he wanted
684	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great way to teach children about the art of saving, giving and spending.
6166	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have only used this twice so far I just received it yesterday I am an experienced flyer been plying with these for a long time now this one is really fun I like that u can go to 100 percent witch I do not recemond until u learn the quad a lil bit first it goes threw the wind if it not to bad with no problem at all and for a 100 dollars that's pretty damn good. the camera needs a lil more info on how to use I don't have it yet cause u push the function button but some times it goes and some time it doesnt
6553	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the most fantastic collection of riddles ever assembled. I'm not sure if I've ever played the game as such - which, basically, when you answer one correctly, you move a piece around the board. I usually just read them with my friends, often while drinking, to have some fun. You meet a great cast of characters - Shadow, Sid Shady, Sam Sham - who are routinely getting killed in bizarre ways, then returning to life in the next card. HIGHLY recommended for people who like riddles.
One game with just two people lasted at least 30 minutes - but it didn't seem that long, it's easy to get very involved in concentrating on the words and letters.
3340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought Red November based on the only other review here.
Would buy again, recommend.
8894	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good.
5403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought new toys for the house which included games,toys, and puzzles for my grandchildren (infant through 10), my 17 year old son, my husband, and me. The older grandchildren haven't tried this yet--they are too far away. This game uses a lot of brain power if you want to win, especially when you are first figuring it out. The scoring could not be done easily by 10 years old unless they had a fair amount of help at first.
4904	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game seems fimilurly similar to the card game Set. Set is also a fun game and you can play it by yourself.
The sculpt and paint of this miniature are really good. This miniature is about 2" long x 1" wide. Not knowing better, I believe Fantasy Flight Games has this ship at scale with other miniatures in the X-Wing Miniature Game such as the X-Wing and Tie Fighters.
5123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun game!
3305	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my son.  He takes it to school for board game night.  Everyone including the teachers play it.

The object of the game is to practice, have a steady hand and beat your opponent.  It ISN'T SUPPOSED TO BE EASY!  Just like the Gen Y's offspring is being taught today - if it's too difficult, too scary, too loud, too ANYTHING, then it's just OK to throw it down and give up. What a wimpy generation we soon will have running this country in 25 to 30 years.

1317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is probably the best game to get non-gamers into Board Games. It is so easily to pick up and learn the rules, while strategic enough that expert gamers enjoy playing as well. This is my wife's favorite game and we have bought all of the expansions. This is a reoccurring game on our regular game nights.
We don't always use the board though.

8467	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good game: it involves memory, risk, and strategy.  It is also relatively fast paced.  You can change the rules too in an attempt to make it more interesting, like trying to accumulate the most points, instead of the least.  My kids are a fan.

8857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our grand twins love this ! We also bought the bongos. I personally thought the mallets were too long, but only because the children are young. I put them away for another time and had custom made sticks by Bluehausmallets on etsy. Now I feel better. Very nicely made and good tones!
8877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Starting with 7 cards, all you need to do is discard them one at a time by matching the color or number of the last card played.  Sound easy?  Well, don't forget the Skip, Reverse and Draw Two cards.  Not to mention your opponent can play a Wild or Wild Draw Four at any time and change the color on you.  And don't forget to say "Uno" before you play your next to the last card or you'll be drawing more.  Needless to say, your fortunes can change instantly in this game.
I guess since the tiles are smooth and satisfying to hold, line up or drop in plinking rain showers, they are fun for little hands and at least help letter recognition. My granddaughter enjoys spelling real words now and her older brother attempts very bizarre words, which are always worth a laugh.  The adults enjoy it like Scrabble but without the board and the elaborate scoring.  In fact, we haven't even read the directions yet to see what the scoring for this might be.  We're just making words for the pleasure of it.  Their mom enjoys spelling out little messages for them to see at the breakfast table and has put a few in their lunch boxes that spell a word for them to figure out.  We like to lay out our names and then make anagrams.  I had no idea this set would get so much use.

7899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Loved it
2258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a cute little elf for the shelf.  Christopher also brought some early gifts for the kids in the form of a bookset.  Very happy to have him back this year to grace our home and keep a record of all the naughty and nice things for Santa.
6008	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	First off, this isn't a game for kids!  Locations include drug packing plants, meth houses, adult film sets and stores, the tokens are drug bundles and guns and you earn cash (to win the game) by trafficking drugs to the black market.  On the positive side, if you're a fan of the show, this game hits all the right marks!
4935	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Dont understand how to play it so have not.  I have read the directions and went on YTube to try to figure it out. It sits in my closet wasting away

1923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a great tradition that we've embraced! It's a lot of work sometimes trying to come up with new creative things our Elf can get into and hide him so it takes time for them to find him. We've had him write out a word using Fruit Loops. We've had him say "Good morning" in flour. He's zip-lined and hidden in a bowl full of candy canes. He's even dangled from our cabinets by a candy cane. So much fun for your child when they wake up.
8588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Whole family is playing and loving. And the 4 year old twins can play with very little help. Whoo hoo! Highly recommend. Like "sleeping queens" which is a sure fire hit as well.
7462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It comes with it's own fake money. It's great, my grandson is going to love it!
I only have 3 possible negatives to say about this game:
2539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always played scrabble when I was young and now I can play with my grand children to teach them the game and have hours of fun with them.
*Omni-Drive (2.5) Its ok.  I don't love it.  Personally I think its a little too wonky to use.

2229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the family! We enjoyed playing it on our family vacation. It brought a lot of laughter to everyone.
7343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	great!

The illustrations in the book were very adorable and my daughter thought they were so cool to color. It's really ideal for traveling or in the car because my child can color without needing any crayons--just her finger and my tablet.
9456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is still pretty young (10 months) but at that curious age. I'm a musician and I have many hand drums and we had been playing with some of those previously, but I worry about what those might be made of (they were universally hand made but probably tanned with things that shouldn't go in a boy's mouth) so I went searching for drums made for children. This is more geared toward a classroom, but when you're hanging out with this dad every day is music class. He already has been trying to mimic me clapping my hands and dancing around and loves it when I sing and really enjoyed the drumming we did do (inspired in part by the Al Perkins book "Hand, Hand, Fingers, Thumb") he impressed me already by tapping out very musical and well phrased drum riffs on this thing. It comes with two mallets but for now we're using it as a hand drum. I'm quite impressed by the tone of this drum, I wouldn't hesitate to use it in a recording if I needed such a timbre. It's a real drum, but fairly light and colorful. I always supervise my son when we play with this drum at this young age (I didn't see a recommended age, and checking again on the amazon page I can't find one there) but even for a boy that's not quite a year old it's getting some use. I'm looking forward to getting plenty of use out of this in the next few years (will post back if it doesn't seem to hold up, but it's fairly well constructed). Kids love to bang on things, this is a nice thing to bang on.
2490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift for one of my 5 kids... probably one of 3 teenagers will get this one... they need more board games so each get a different one for christmas... love their family game days.

444	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	super for playing quiddler!
7207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in great condition, and I am excited to play it.

9341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves instruments and this one didn't disappoint.  It has a great sound and the mallets are really nice too.  I plan to buy more instruments from this line.  Good quality as well.
While not a game I would've chosen initially, this is certainly a very fun and fast paced game that most people should enjoy.
6854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I didn't see anyone actually play this came.  The children were very excited to receive this game however.  All enjoyed.

9354	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this game because it promised a "green" experience for the entire family. i must say, i was highly disappointed. is it called "green" because you are dealing with vegetables? So be it. My family could not find any interest in this game, not even my four year old whom we bought the game for. I did not find the added value of this game. don't waist your money on this.
3169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	To put it bluntly.....this lamp is a real wife pleaser. I don't think it would be unfair or uncomplimentary of me to say that more women than men are usually more concerned with the esthetics, artistry, appearance, decor, etc. of a floor lamp. Having said that , after doing some research .....I decided to take a chance by purchasing this lamp for my wife who has worked in the fashion industry and also as an artist. I regard her as being asute and particular when it comes to picking out a lamp she likes. After showing here scores of pictures of lamps which she rejected, I ordered this lamp which turned out to be a real wife pleaser. This lamp was good enough to not only please my wife but for her to comment that it was much  nicer than she thought it would be.
665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game, Kids love to play it.
Not much at all.  You are either getting a new card or doing a role.  Sometimes it takes a while for them to choose their action and unless they announce what role they are doing you could see them doing an action and jump the gun.  But

5788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun at any age - a good gift to yourself or someone else.
And if you don't want the marbles falling off check out the version that uses pegs.

8336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sweet kids game for dexterity!

3109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is very cute. my 4 year old daughter loves it. the people come out of the sleigh & she just wishes she could change out the horses but other than that, its nice.
the face on the final product is much too long and the likeness is lost, doesn't look anything like Emilia Clarke to me
9664	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	nice addition to any track set; wish they created a higher hill (you can't have a track going underneath it); wish they came with supports (instead of having to buy those separately);
1040	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this was very fun
6441	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Classic game.... however the "push" part is SO STIFF that neither me or my 5 year old granddaughter can push it down to pop the dice. Very disappointed.
3)This isn't really a problem, just a warning; IF you become a fan, <FNORD> there are two expansions to this game with roughly 110 cards in each (get them!). If you are like me and sleeve all the cards, then the draw pile of cards will be over 8 inches tall! :) I am still looking for a card holder that will allow such a mammoth stack!
3081	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THANK YOU!

4269	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When asked what family game might be wanted this year, Fluxx (although not Zombie, Basic, etc...) was the top choice. I think I bought 6 different Fluxx games, and I will only be reviewing this one. All of the games have been enjoyed by all.
too young for socks
6435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good fun game.  Get ready to use your brain.
6933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Second time I bought this and this time it was for a Christmas gift. The beeping when the credit card is swiped is a cute bonus. Adults will want to play with this too!
 -- Fun for all Ages? --

8396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like a lot of people, I have fond memories of this classic game.  Our cousins had it, and we were always excited when we visited them so we could play, but if we did anything to annoy them they wouldn't bring it out.  Oh yes.  Good times.
6244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Would give 6 stars if allowed. Straight away the unboxing was pleasant. No cruddy packaging here. Let me say this in pure confidence. I already like it more than my 500$ TRX. 2wd pede. It feels great in my hands. Feels very durable. Listen to this. The suspension far surpasses the TRX vehicle. You push down on this little Tacon and it springs right back. The TRX started sagging the minute it was born. Don't get me wrong. I have modded my TRX enough to enjoy it a lot. But there in lies the problem. It was already a 500$ vehicle. Then to put a ton of mods on it to make drive able. Buy this little tacon and you will not regret it. There's a reason why they have 5 million good reviews.
Fortunatley they had some alternative directions to start play with this issue.


6481	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great!!!!!

4960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good

There is a bit of the 'we have to make this an homage to the video game' so there is an ever present aspect of collecting ammo and weapon drops. This game does do a good job of making this less clunky than otrher systems I have played and the scenarios are a nice touch .... but there are certainly enough components to kitbash your own random adventure.
4565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am officially addicted....I love this game!  So much we bought a second set for the rv and have given it as gifts.  Great fun.
6588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So, we spent our Christmas vacation visitng a hospitalized relative.
4366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so much fun and packaging is perfect for travel.  Great for a wide range of ages because you can make it as simple or as complicated as you want.  Sneaky way to get my kid broadening his vocabulary
7524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember this game fondly from my childhood, and it's one of the few preschool games that I don't dislike as an adult.  My children ages 9 down to 4 all enjoyed playing a couple games together.  The youngest had help in counting and moving his piece, and the next youngest had to be occasionally reminded to look and make sure they were going in the right direction (numbers getting bigger), but it was a good time for all.  The board is nice sturdy cardboard, as are the pieces.  And the board is much more bright and cheery than what I remember from my childhood.


4307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this for a Christmas present for a young niece. Although she felt challenged she did want to play it over again. I think unlike Scrabble the idea that you can make your own board is helpful for the younger kids since they are working with their own vocabulary and spelling.
6486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have dozens of games in our house, but this one is a favorite. My 6 year-old son picked up the rules in about 5 minutes, but continues to develop his strategy every time we play. It is simultaneously simple and complex, and a great way to get kids to employ reason and logic, while having fun. This is now one of his two favorite games (the other being Othello, which I also highly recommend). We play it often, and it is a great way to get him away from the TV so we can spend some quality time together. Sometimes I win!

3753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was dubious about this game at first.  It took some getting used to the dice pool mechanic, but after about 5 minutes I was hooked.  I'm looking forward to other iterations of this game that Fantasy Flight games might come up with.  Super fun.  Well designed.  Gorgeous artwork.  I love it.
8991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great drum for the whole family. Looks great. Sounds great.
9183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A well made percussion instrument great for kids of all ages.  We bought it for our two year old who loves music and we just leave it out so he can bang out a tune as he goes through the day.  He loves it.  Our nine month old picks up the sticks as well and hammers on the drum just like his older brother.  It is a wood base with a natural skin top.  The drum sticks are felt covered and the drum is a perfect size for toddler use and can easily accommodate an older child.  It is fun for the parents too, as my husband likes to play along with the children.  The colorful design is attractive and inviting, giving the drum a fun and toy like image, though the drum itself has a full and authentic sound.  A great first time instrument for children.

5147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game! We got it for our 6yr old and it's the first kid game we have had that adults can play because they WANT TO. We've even played it without our daughter! It's REALLY FUN!
She enjoyed playing the game. I think this game is good for teaching competition, numbers, and good sportsmanship.

It did just fall down 16 steps of stairs and is still working.
Player turns go pretty quickly with the exception of picking extra tickets, but that is not unexpected.
7568	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son loves it
1695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my grandkids who were in danger of being put on the naughty list. My daughter has been wanting one for her kids for ages, so I thought this would be the perfect time to order it. I had it delivered to their house and they thought it came right from the North Pole! They absolutely loved the story that came with the elf. My daughter and son in law had fun thinking of new ways to put their Elf on the Shelf every night before the kids woke up. The kids started going to bed without a fuss, and one even woke up early and started cleaning her room without being asked! With their Elf partners help, they stayed on the nice list and Santa finally came to see them with lots of goodies and toys! The elf was very nicely made, the packaging was cute also. The story was cute and the kids loved it. I should also note that even the scheptical 7 year old believed it. This has created a nice new tradition for their family to have each Christmas, and many memories.
This is a game where the way it really works is that young kids want to learn how to put the "Mousetrap" together and get it to work.  After they master that skill they will become bored with it, at which point you simply discover some new kids who have yet to be exposed to this unique, classic game.  There are certain games that every kid should be exposed to and "Mousetrap" is on that short list of classics.
My choir is made up of 28 older singers (average age is about 85 or so), many of whom haven't sung in years or have never sung. Proper breathing is the key to proper singing, and that means breathing in so that the entire rib cage expands outward, not just the "belly."
4157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband is a big fan of Game of Thrones, so I thought he would enjoy this card game.  I was right!  He enjoyed learning the rules and playing it with my brothers.  It took them a while to figure out the rules, but they had the patience to continue (whereas I would not).  It's a nice thing to have around the house that they can play on family get-together days.  I like it - it's not my thing, but it would make a great gift for someone in your life who enjoys Game of Thrones and strategy/role-playing type games.
9410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is sort of like a cross between memory and Clue (though much less complicated and with theft, not murder). My husband and I play it with our five year old daughter and we all really enjoy it. As others have mentioned, this is not the highest quality board and the cards are tiny and flimsy and would have been better had they at least been laminated, but keep everything in the little Ziploc bag included, keep out of reach of toddlers, and be sure to count your pieces when putting this game away so as not to lose anything and you'll be fine. I didn't deduct any stars for this because I look at it as a good way to teach your children to be careful with their things and I'm pleased to see that the game is manufactured in Canada and NOT in China. Overall, a fun game for family game night.
I'm totally inspired and will be facepainting at my niece's birthday party this weekend!
2047	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My family had a lot of fun with the elf on the shelf. It was more about the fun of it than "the elf is watching you". My son loved to wake up and find Chippie in the morning!
7475	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	played this one when i was a kid.  my kids love it
2994	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids play with the monkeys all the time.  Also bought the book.  Love love.
6534	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Seriously?  I remember seeing Mindtrap in stores when I was younger, and always wanting to get it because of the cool art.  I bought this game at a garage sale for a few bucks, and thank goodness I did.  The questions on these cards fall into one of three categories: so easy it's silly, so ridiculous that there's no way you could get the single right answer that is printed on the back of the card, or silly math involving oddball fractional answers.  I guess if you were to play this game alone, it might make for a few good logic questions, but otherwise, it's no fun whatsoever.
6734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is more difficult than it looks.  I liked it but me and my 10 year old could not figure it out without looking at the answer.  I thought is was just a puzzle, but you have to place the trucks to match different cards and then try to solve the puzzle (by getting the red car out).  There are a ton of card so many different puzzles to solve (if you can solve one I'd be impressed).  It is nice for kids to play games and not be stuck in computers all the time but this game caused more frustration because we could never solve it.  I think if we accomplished something we would keep trying more but it made us frustrated instead.
9323	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what we needed for extra activities for busy preschoolers.  I would definately buy them again.  They were all working and have not had any problems with them.
9137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This Drum is amazing. When I looked at the reviews here on amazon before buying it I thought people must be exaggerating, but I was pleasantly surprised, this drum makes an amazing lovely sound for the price! If you are buying a drum for your child to experience the joy making their first musical sounds, it is so worth paying the extra $15 or $20 to get this instead of a cheap drum that will just take space and not get played with. The drum has a deep musical tones and it is also sturdy so it's not wobbling or moving around on the floor when played with, it is very well made and seems like it will last. I bought this Drum for my 2 year old and he loves it but it is also getting plenty of play from my 4 and 6 year old. A great gift that will foster their imagination and built like all toys should be, buy it you won't regret it!
7164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought one for a granddaughter for Christmas and then had to buy one for another granddaughter for her birthday. They love it!
This expansion is a major addition to the game and to this faction.
1970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My oldest 5 years, has never acted better, she talked to hiim daily, and when he went away for the last time on christmas eve, she said she missed him
2602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was a gift for granddaughter and she loved it!
7832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 5 year old loves this i always let her win

512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game. If you are a word game person, this is a wonderful game for a small group. At least six can play together. You make words with your letter cards. First three cards, then 4, 5, 6, 7 with each round of cards dealt. You can earn bonuses for longest word, most words per hand. Tricky letters such as the QU combination have higher point value. It is a fairly fast moving game and lots of fun for word geeks like me.

7007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	DS loves this cash register. It makes quiet sounds and the play money looks realistic.
The scoring is as follows:  The judge reveals the answer he has selected. A point is given to the player that wrote the answer. Players get one point for each token they placed on the correct answer. Also, the judge gets one point (maximum of three) for each player token placed on the answer he selected.
5758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	they are good for beginner language learners.  Unfortunately, my niece who came from a Spanish speaking country knew more English than I gave her credit for.  But her American mother-in-law decided they were good for her!
Great strategy game, makes you think
-reading/readying-even though it's for beginners, the Game Master (GM) who acts as a narrator and antagonist should read everything through ahead of time anyways, players can literally just pick up and go

5423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a game snob - I spend an inordinate time researching high quality games. My top criteria are: SIMPLE, UNIQUE and FUN. This qualifies on all counts.
7409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this game when it was on a lightening deal. Our family had never played it before, and usually we only buy games if we've played with with friends or family, but I'm so glad I bought it! My husband and I played this with his parents one night, and we had a blast! It was hard to keep our voices down with our kiddos sleeping. The premise of this game is pretty simple to learn ("corner the market" by collecting all the cards of a certain commodity), fun to play, and games go by quickly; perfect for family game night or parties!
Bottom line:  If your kid likes the Gearation refrigerator set, you MUST HAVE this set, too, so you'll have a respectable number of gears for play.  Be aware that each of the four non-powered gears in the refrigerator set is duplicated in this set, though they have different decals.

So, 2 out of 5 on this one.  Many other encounter packs are much more worth your money.
 it is huge, almost two feet across. which makes it great for sharing as two or three kids can easily sit around it.
The game has moved on in the years since it/this was released. Primarily know, yes 1 pack of this is still useful for a Rebel player however, if you want to play it (even semi competitively), you'll probably need a card or two from other packs these days to make the most of it (really, to make it even decent).
It is a game of speed and reaction, so it's no surprise that the 10-year-old beat her old mom and her young brother, but my son thought it was so much fun to watch, that he was laughing hysterically the whole time.  He didn't win very much, but apparently watching mom and sister have a slapping contest made the game a lot of fun for him.
6564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game for the kids to play solo. Have bought many as gifts.
3377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arkham Horror! Say no more its a wonderful game! This expansion is really neat it has artifacts for you to chase down and acquire. I am in love with how its Egyptian theme! Cool spells and the Dark Pharaoh is the herald. A good expansion and worth the money.
With 6 players this game does a fabulous job of making the old mainstay 'Diplomacy' accessible to everyone.  Negotiation, army placement, bidding, hidden house cards, etc... GOT has it all.  You'll laugh, you'll cry and even when your former ally turns on you one instant before you were going to turn on him you'll think "I would have done the same."  :)
2908	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute, but much bigger than I expected for finger puppets. Also, your fingers go up the back of their shirts and it's a tight fit for a Daddy's hands. Good luck trying to get all five of them on a hand at once.

2335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I looked at several elf/book combo toys before deciding on this one.  It really is one of the cuter elves out there and seems well made.  The arms and legs are bendable which makes it easy to pose the elf in different scenarios.  The story in the book is an easy read, my 3 year old was able to understand the premise and we will make this a fun tradition each year.
9191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All of our children play with this (ages 1, 4 and 7)!  It is colorful and has a beautiful sound!
9686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Learned of this from a friend and these guys delivered exactly what I wanted and the descriptions were great so I got the model I wanted.
5111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has quickly become a family favorite!  I would call it a mix between sudoku and dominos where you have to match colors and/or shapes without repeating any color or shape in a row.  If you're lucky enough to get all 6 of either a shape or color in one turn,  you get the maximum points which is called a "Qwirkle".  There is a lot of strategy involved and you have to look in all directions to make sure you are getting the most points possible.  A couple of times we've noticed that someone had actually repeated a shape or color and no one noticed for a couple of turns which was quite funny, but we kept on and finished anyway.  There are 6 shapes and 6 colors with 3 of every tile so the possibilities are endless!!  It takes about 20-30 minutes to play depending on how fast or slow some of the players are, so it doesn't take forever.  We've found even some young kids are able to pick up on this although they might need a little bit of assistance.  Great family game!
826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Two mid-life adults playing board games --- we aren't the only ones.  This game came highly recommended and it is enjoyable and playable by two people.  I think it would be better with three or more since there are elements that would be benefit from more defense.
4403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Scrabble in a bag
Unfortunately, the pressurization system is as crappy as the materials.  It is a rubber stopper with a screw attachment that is SUPPOSED to keep the stopper in the mouth of the bottle.  The idea is that a tube stuck on the end of the stopper is supposed to keep the vinegar and baking soda from reacting while you tightening the stopper.
7272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Register works well. The door opens with force just like a real register. The play money is convincing and fun to play with. My child loves it.
3275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of rules to learn but once you learn them all it's a really fun game! Beat my wife for the first time tonight. Now she has to come up with a new strategy to counter my lastest strategy. Virtually no luck involved you make your plans and follow through. The one who has the best strategy wins.
1826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys loved him.
9700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it, bought it for my daughter at age 1 so she'd have something to grow into instead of a toy she'll out-grow.  Older brother 3, and sister 5 love it too.  Seems very durable and folds nicely for storage when not in use.  Great product, will definitely get you use out of the investment.  Does require some space if setting up indoors, but most kid toys involving activity usually do, at least this provides the ability to collapse and store when you tire of it.
1341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you've ever been on Boardgamegeek.com or seen bloggers, reviewers, or anyone talking about Boardgames over the past few years, you've probably seen this mentioned. There is a good reason for that. This game is FUN! Very easy to learn, looks beautiful, plays in about an hour. What more could you ask for? I've taught many people to play it, and not one person hasn't enjoyed this game. Buy it!

This game is unique has you don't actually have a hand while playing. You will  play directly from the top of your deck. Each card that you lay will have a special action box that you have to complete. You can earn money, ribbons or sad faces. Once you have 3 sad faces played, your turn has to end and you don't collect any money. You try to end your turn before you hit 3 sad faces, so you can move to the building phase. However, If you play 8 ribbons in your card playing phase you win!!!
Each round, you have limited time to make decisions on how to spend your money and allocate your resources. Then, you resolve research and combat. The game mechanics are quite nuanced and challenging, no game is the same twice.
I played only 1 game so far this past weekend. So take my comments with a grain of salt but I thought I should point out somethings.
5840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good gift for a grandchild.
- Etc.
1482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been searching for 2 player games to play with my wife.  This game rocks.  It is well-built and easy to learn.  We can play an entire game in about 30 minutes.  I can see how adding more players will completely change how the game is played.
* Game length varies due to the combined effects of New Rule and Goal cards.
6555	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product received as anticipated and earlier than expected!
"The Game is too Expensive."  Now while it is true that the game isn't cheap, it isn't even close to one of the most expensive games out there.  Granted you will spend 10 to 15 dollars every month for Force Packs.  You will need to buy at least one deluxe expansion a year.  And if you're a hardcore player, or want to compete in tournaments, you will need two core sets as well.  But think of it this way, you don't have to add all the packs.  Just buy the ones you want.  If you're a casual player you can even stop with just the core set.  But let's say you are a competitive player.  Well guess what, it's still cheaper when you start comparing it to other games (I'm looking at you CCGs!) like Magic.  Magic might release cards every 3 months instead of every month, but the cost to find the four cards you need in random boosters, or dropping $50+ on that playset you need is just stinking outrageous!  I speak from personal experience because I used to play at Friday Night Magic regularly.  And I am so happy to be able to play a customizable card game without dropping the money it took for Magic!


Then we un-did two of the three velcro straps that are used to bind it into a flat shape, and the tunnel partially opened into a half-round, like a macaroni noodle. A dog walked in, and our son was satisfied he could see both ends of the dog depending on what opening he looked through. So he went a few times.
The materials are all top-notch. The box itself is of the hardiest construction I've ever seen from a boxed product in the RPG field, it'll take a lot of rough use from a teenager. The materials are great, well written, and you get A LOT for what you pay.
I would say the main market for this product lies with people who want it for traveling or transporting.  It would be great to use in an RV, where you want a board that is small and easy to store, but which also can keep the tiles from sliding around.  It would also be a good version for kids owing to the low price and relatively simple design.  If you are looking for a luxury set, you better keep looking.
6477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Works like it is supposed to but is a little cheaper than I thought it would be. The bottom of the game is not covered in plastic so the cardboard that makes up the inside and colored part of the game is open to everything, which could cause problems. For example, if you were to accidently set the game down on some water the cardboard would absorb the water and ruin the game. So while you get everything you need and all the pieces work fine, it is ultimately cheaper than I had expected it to be.
2382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is awesome, and almost escaped notice. I'm glad I found this game, because as a fan of the show, I feel this game captures the feeling of running a Ludus very well. Love all the cards with images from the show. If you liked the show, or just like board games in general, then this comes highly recommended.

8061	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son loves the game and loves to invite his friends over to the house to play. Maybe not in a year or two - he's getting into sports, but for rainy days it is great to have this for him to stay occupied inside!

*Levy University (3.5)  *Minelayer (1)  *Monolith (1)
The pegs still fall all over the place if you bump the bins hard enough, which makes it important to still play on a stable surface.

2524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This will be a down and dirty review.  First of all the board is very small.  It is for traveling and you can not really have a full size board when you are traveling around.  It is about 10 or so inches by 10 inches big.  This is small and the words on the board are small.  Second, the tiles to not lock per say, they fit very well and unless you hit a pothole the pieces should stay in.  Finally, the pieces are small, as in probably no more then 1/3 and inch by 1/3 and inch.
* What do the gears *move*?  There is only one propeller included and no wheels or other items that gears might control.  Instead, we just tend to move more gears, which is fine for a 5 year old but not for an 8 year old
4616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As others have said, a bit like Scrabble, without the board and points.
4392	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun for word nerds. You don't have to be good at crossword puzzles to play this. You just need to figure out the words that are possible with the random letters you select, then spell them out in a crossword puzzle-like fashion. Loads of fun with my sisters; not so much with my math brain husband.

them think. Good card game activity.
Each card contains its own set of rules that affect game play, so each card contains (often substantial) text.
Our daughter has been having anxiety and getting angry easily lately. We noticed she's been going to the red zone of anger so quickly that there isn't time to calm down and talk through what's been upsetting her. Even after she calmed down she didn't want to talk about it. The day Mad Dragon arrived, we all sat down and played it before bed. She started opening up about all the things that have been bothering her and we get to tell her about similar instances when we were growing up. We love that it also reminds her about ways to keep calm and why it's better than getting angry. Once in a while she'll tell us how she didn't get mad at school like the Mad Dragon! She asks to play it every night- so she clearly enjoys the game.
3770	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Reviewed by JD Woody,  host of "Live and Let Dice" on adrenalineradio.com.
7546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this as a Christmas at Thanksgiving gift.  When my granddaughters opened it they were a bit disappointed as they didn't recognize it or know anything about it.  I remember it from when I was a child ... it's really old....lol.  It only took one game before they were hooked and that is the only game they wanted to play all weekend.  After all these years it is still a hit!!
6517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift
5496	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Star Trek scene it deluxe is the best game I have ever had!
4974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best games for kids and adults alike!  We have a Board Game Club at our school's after school program.  This is one of the games we play with students in grades 3 - 6 and they love it!  We've also played it at home with our adult children and friends on game night.  Highly recommended!!
8120	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	There's a piece missing even though it said all the pieces were included so the product doesn't even work :( you have to minipylate the trap by hand which kind of defeats the purpose. I added a pic of the piece that is missing
This is a really great game that is fairly light.  It's really simple to learn and play.  The theme, design and components work really well together in a way that some larger games don't.  It has a great worker placement style feel to it that will entertain even the most hardcore gamer.  The game is really light hearted as well by poking fun at the fantasy genre and pop culture through the images on the cards.  It's not a game that requires a lot of strategy, yet it has a surprising amount of depth to it.  I like that there are lots of choices to make.  I even like the added bonus cards and expansion that add an even more refined game style.  Even with all the added material and choices, the game is fairly short.  Most game sessions last no more than 30 minutes.  That makes this a great filler game.  With the amount of cards included with the game, you can bet that no two games will play the same.  Which means that there's sure to be lots of replayabililty with this one.  Needless to say, I thoroughly enjoy this game.
9408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for my four and seven year old. I enjoy playing also.
5862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The girls starting playing with these immediately after opening them on Christmas. They are ages 9 and 5. Great "busy work"
8334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this game for my kids for Christmas.  I don't know that they've actually played the game, but the have so much fun just setting it up and setting off the trap.  Lots of fun for kids who love to build contraptions!
8982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cool drum! It is a really instrument and has a nice sound.
8774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a simple math drilling device / calculator.  It consists of 8 levels of each of the following area -- addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, decimals, fractions and percentages.  The levels progress rather slowly from simple (1+3) to algebraic thinking (? + 13=42).  I like that the multiplication allows you to select the times table that you will be working with.  You can use the sound, or not and there is a red light or green light to indicate whether you have reached the correct answer.
5161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!
3950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have yet to play with my sons but as a display piece this is done so well. Even if you just want a nice ship for your diplay case you can't go wrong.
- What Belongs Together
4597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bananagrams is a great value.  It is a good game for elementary children to adults.  It's easy to play and since there are no points involved (like scrabble) everyone comes out a winner.  Helps children build their vocabulary and great for family game night.
2981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	even cuter than the picture looks!
We started already.  He's 7 and believes.  I So easy to move around without him knowing.  The story book really slammed it home.
9181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 1 year old for christmas after he enjoyed playing with them at music class. Great for all ages but certainly through elementary school age. Pretty durable. Most playdates one or two kids (age 2-3) will try sitting or standing on them and they seem to old up just fine. Both of the drums I ordered by this brand came with two mallets in the box.

7745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it. So simple and so entertaining at the same time.
3022	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This teardrop crystal is so lovely. I have it hanging on my patio and when the sun catches the crystal it reflects color everywhere around it. I am looking for another one in a different style. It was a great price!
7241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game for me 5 year old. It's fun for me too!! Our three year old likes to slap the theif cards even if he isn't playing. It's an engaging fame for kids and parents to play together, a good first card game for little kids

*Can be easily turned into a drinking game.. BEERnanagrams ;)
9755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter found this fun and helpful for her multiplication tables, just as I did when I was younger. .



621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids enjoy it.
NEGATIVES

5989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great expansion!  I highly suggest it as an addition to Firefly's base game.  Its not a necessary addition, but it will add some more re-playability.
3256	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my fiance and I have played this 2 or 3 times with a lot of fun. This is enjoyable for any board game fan,


1408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family and I love this game.  It is simple, competitive and only takes about an hour to play.  I do recommend the expansion pack for it adds a more diverse and unpredictable game.  this is a must have for any family that loves to play board games with teenagers.
(3) R2-D6, a unique 1 point astromech upgrade that lets you put an elite pilot talent on any pilot skill 3 or higher ship that does not already have an elite pilot talent upgrade.  This is another very handy ability that will really improve many X-Wing and Y-Wings.
Oh yeah, also the manual is among the worst that I've seen. I know how to play the game and when I have a question I spend 5 minutes searching through the seemingly randomly organized rulebook. It's not good at teaching the game or as a reference. Pretty poor overall. Learn from a friend or from an online source.

2848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My one year old loves llama llama books. So when she got the stuffed animal she was so excited. Great stuffed animal


7748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great blocks
I show him what is expected for different exercises and he takes over!! He enjoys hearing my input and praise as he goes along, but he is thrilled to have a learning tool that he can control by himself.
9492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used on a beach vacation.  Great place for our Grandson after he fell asleep while playing the in the ocean.

2862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I will never understand the books, but my daughter wanted the stuffed llama to go with it.  He's a cute little guy, I have to say I like him more than his simple little books.
3951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a good ship for U empire players. Many nice up grade that you can have to make this a fight ship. T


9248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This package together with the other Brio track expansion sets are essential to get after buying the typical Brio starter set. This is the way to enhance the fun and educational value of that first investment in a Brio train set as a bit of extra tracks allow for a lot of new track layouts. This is what Brio is great for - allowing your child to discover and explore new layouts.

The story goes that every year the elves measure the world's Christmas spirit and that this spirit level is what helps the sleigh fly. The story says that the Saint Bernard can be loved on (unlike the Elf which cannot be touched according to that story or it'll lose its magic) and that every time the child does a good deed or helps others, the Christmas spirit of the kind deed goes into the heart on the barrel. On Christmas Eve, the barrel opens and all the Christmas cheer goes up to the Christmas star to help it fly. I love that the story teaches about doing good deeds and why it's important to help others in need. The illustrations in the book are beautiful and I love that it also incorporates the Elf on the Shelf in the illustrations.

Anthony Trendl
Getting to the gameplay--it's complicated. I'd recommend watching the YouTube tutorial provided by the makers, then reading the instruction manual once through (there is even a separate booklet with the rules). There are a lot of moving parts, so to speak, and it's easy to make a mistake or three in the beginning.

2242	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Thank you!
242	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great figure booster for normal dnd haven't played the game yet.

PROS
-1 Broken propeller
But, after playing it twice with her (and a third time with two gamer friends), we all felt the exact same way... it just didn't feel very enjoyable to us. Most of the game play was good but not great (probably 3.5 stars), but the ending was main problem. After all your hard work (and assuming you are lucky enough to get to the end in the first place), whether you win or lose often comes down to a simple dice roll. This was very anticlimactic. No game should end that way.
+ Tactics/ luck needed to survive
1938	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I always wanted one so when it went on sale I grabbed it. Who cares that it is summer,he is traveling with me and will be enjoying the beach and picnics in the park. Great fun for me and my son.
9370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The 3 year old loves his drum, and so does his sister, parents, friends....It came with two mallets but know this family, I bought extra mallets so everyone could get in on the action! Highly recommend! Price- incredible, shipping, very well protected.
439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun and the price was amazing.  I've seen the same game in stores with a little fancier packaging for three times the price.  Great deal
4822	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The organs felt gross as promised, but the workmanship (or work-machine-ship) was so shoddy that we immediately whisked it away from the 4-year-old and sent it back.  Luckily, he's forgotten all about it.
8476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 yo loves this game. And it is great practice on counting when we add up the cards at the end.
3562	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are so adorable I plan to buy more to use as stocking stuffers.  Will be great for anyone who loves stickers.  Those little owls bring a smile.
6377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this so I am able to carry snacks on the weekends. We are never home so when I saw this I had to get this. First our toddler loves curious George and second it was just darling. Item looked just like picture. Best part so easy to clean with just a wipe. It's perfect in size not too big or small. Perfect for on the go.
1215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game. It has ended up in regular rotation during Sunday night game night and has simple rules that are easy to learn along with a very competitive structure.

5821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have visited all of these places. .. and just got introduced to dot-to-dots.  This is better than TV , and it is a break from reading.

8255	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I remember the game when I was a kid. The game is still the same, however, Made In China means cheap construction. The pieces do not fit well on the board. The board is way too small. As you turn the crank the plastic pieces move and pop out of their cardboard slots. The kids just construct the pieces and turn the crank to see the action ... they don't like to play the game because of the issues with the pieces issue.
8295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	time classic game. love it


2165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This box is a gift that keeps on giving. I already had several of the expansions, so getting everything all in one place is wonderful. It's a little overly big (it hangs out of the shelf all my games are on), but its about as long as a monopoly or clue box (about as high as 2 monopoly or clue boxes) and doesn't stick out too much. It's a small price to pay for all the space saved from getting rid of the other boxes - not to mention that it will also hold future expansions.
8160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My seven year old son really wanted this game and he seems to really like it.  I find it a little difficult to put together, but I guess that is the fun of the game.  A decent game and that my son really enjoys...that's all that matters to me!
6355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Battleship's timeless appeal makes it a favorite for kids AND adults. Its easy transportability makes it perfect for long car or plane trips, the beach, long waits at the doctor's office - anyplace you want to take it. Highly recommend

4432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game.
8164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my god daughter and she loves it. The kids love taking turns trying to remove the pieces. I love reliving my childhood.
1728	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I was almost going to buy one for my daughter, since she was kept asking one for the house.  Thank god I saw one at Costco that only cost you $15 VS Amazon $29-39. I am very pleased I bought one from Costco and quality is way much better compare to Amazon ones is plastic.  Costco ones are nice quality made and looked great.  Totally worth it.
3043	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My budgies love this stuff.  It's perfect for them during any stressful time.  Whether unexpected, or ongoing.  Add this to your bird's food, or give it as sole food, to help your bird' stress level stay down. I definitely recommend keeping a bag handy just in case you ever need it.
5415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought it for my six year old grandson who loved it & we loved playing with him as well. A game for the entire family.
* The elf can listen to what the children tell him, but cannot talk back, that's Santa's law.

5366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my 4 year old for his birthday.  We played it shortly after his birthday and he needed a little help when it was his turn.  He got a little frustrated the first time we played because he wanted to do it all by himself.  After playing this game a handful of times he needs very little help now.
Fantasy Flight games has done a tremendous job with the production values of this version of "Talisman."  Aside from the updated artwork, the counters are all hard-plastic with the Strength, Craft and Life counters being colored cones that come in 1-count and 5-count versions.  The cards are on laminated cardstock which will last through repeated shuffling and drink-spilling.  Really, everything has gone through a major upgrade.
I wouldn't recommend buying this for bath time.
9175	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	My grandkid lost interest after a few blasts.
1349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  We have played it constantly since we've given it to the family for Christmas.  Other family members bought it after playing it with us.
3502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Being relatively new to the board gaming community, I have been dabbling here and there trying to find a good game that scales from solo play all the way up to multiple players.  Upon receiving my copy of Pathfinder ACG, I immediately dug into the first scenarios and found that this is a very clever card game that I have since developed a bit of an addiction to.  This game plays great solo!  Plays even better with 2 or more players!  The thing that I like best about the game is that there is player progression between multiple scenarios which comprise several adventures.  There is nothing like getting that new weapon in your hand that allows you to roll more just one more die to fight or acquire goodies.  I highly recommend this game and I think if you are on the fence, you should definitely give it a shot as it's well worth your time.
Play is broken apart into phases: Upkeep, Movement, Arkham Encounters, Other World Encounters, and Mythos.
9277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My baby loves it!!!  He's had this since 8 months old, and has been beating on it constantly.  By around  1 years old, he turned it upside down and slid in it butt first....  He played a little in there and then when hr realized he couldn't get out, he starting frowning and building up a cry!~  He wasn't hurt as I was watching him closely. It was too cute not to snap a pic. See picture posted!  LOVE Remo Kids!!!

Average length of a "Hand" 5 minutes
991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After researching the top games on Amazon for Christmas gift ideas, I landed on this game.  The reviews that I read sounded fun, so we decided that this would make a great gift for our oldest sons, ages 9 and 10.  I knew this game had to be a top seller for a reason, but I was seriously blown away by how fun this game is!  This game utilizes both strategy and luck.  Our kids are able to understand the rules and provide very good competition to the adults who join in.  This has become a favorite and we've been playing it several nights per week for over a month.  Typically, it takes an hour and a half to complete the game, and each time we play new critical thinking skills are used. I would recommend this game for ages 8 and up.
As for game components, they are solid. Plastic minis of bikers, prospects, bags of contraband or guns are well done. The location tiles are all thick cardboard, as are the tokens for money, burner phones and heat. The cards are standard size and the card quality is average.
8737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids are a big fans of these & they love this mini one. It's perfect to take on the go due to the size & the glow-in-the dark feature is fun.
576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is very fun.  Takes some thinking and that makes things interesting.  I feel it's a little overpriced, even on sale, because it's basically just 2 decks of cards.
4757	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The parts did not fit into the fram well, and it was extremely difficult to snap the outer plastic casing together.  Purchased this for my "almost 11 year old" and while he thought it was cool - he wasn't into reading the book as much as I would have hoped.

1665	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got two years of solid enjoyment out of doing this. Then my kid got too old and grumpy for it. I still bring him/it out anyway. Forget lame kids, this elf on the shelf is now for me!
929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best board games I've played in years. My 9 year old loves it as does my husband. This came highly recommended by my board game lovin' friends and I am a convert as well.

1501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most fun board games I have ever played.  The game takes minutes to teach and from there the strategies to win are endless.  It's also one of the most original games I've ever played.  Very different from all the other typical board games you might have played like monopoly, life, sorry, etc., The packaging and design is great.  The board is sturdy and well decorated.  You get tons of little plastic trains along w/ some extras in case you lose one or two along the way.  I wish the cards could have been a little bigger but it's nothing that detracts from the overall game.  The cards even have symbols on them so if you're colorblind you can tell the difference between cards.  Nice touch.  Overall, a great family game.  A great game to play w/ friends who have never played "different" board games.  My wife and I are addicted to this game.  She loves playing it and that says a lot b/c she is not into board games that much.  I highly recommend.
Cheap blocks. It's what I get for the price payed.

Good family time together to enjoy each other's company.
This particular Scene It incarnation is primarily about newer Disney flicks; it's for the younger kids (maybe ages 5-10 would like this best).  I agree with reviewers who state that this game is for those kids who (through the magic of DVDs) have watched and rewatched the newer Disney movies ad nauseum.  My teenagers found it interesting once, but they don't want to play it again; it's too young for them.
3462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	everything great
5765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good set that has a lot of words the kids pick up on fast.
2459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game. I've bought it as gifts for a lot of people. We play games at every family gathering and this is a game that my youngest cousin (age 9) can play just as well as my grandfather (age 88). It's a simple concept that everyone can grasp, but skill is required. Everyone has a different way of playing the game, which makes it even more fun! I love this game! Can play it for hours!
3175	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this thinking it had separate drawers inside as the one I purchased for my daughter 6 years ago had. It doesn't. The cover does not have a frame but a cute picture of Pooh. It also isn't very large. It is a good box if you want something plain to hold photos or maybe baby's first outfit or such but don't expect much. I was impressed that Amazon refunded my $$ even though I removed the plastic, since it didn't fit the description. If you purchase be aware that it is only a decorative cardboard box.
195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This isn't a high price item but it is sturdy and really helps in teaching children how to tell time. It is also a great item to bring along when going to the Doctor since it is all together (not a bunch of little pieces that can get lost) and will keep them busy while waiting. The pen writes and wipes right off the board. The hands turn easily enough for little fingers but with use (I admit it was a lot of use) they do get a little floppy so if you hold the board up, the hands fall to the 6:30 or thereabouts. Even so, for the price, it can't be beat!

3071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This paper is beautiful.
One player plays a Corporation, and one player plays a Runner. This is called "asymmetrical" play. The objective of the Corp is to complete Agendas. The Runner's job is to steal them before completion. The Corp wins if all the Agendas are completed or if the Runner loses all his cards -- "flatlines," in game parlance. The Runner wins when he steals all the Agendas, or if the Corp loses all its cards.
4539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These little magnets are too much fun!  Very addictive.
Love how they can relate it to playing traditional "UNO" game.

My nephew loves sitting on the bottom stair and literally pounding away at this. It has a lovely booming tone that's properly pitched and not "tinny" or annoying in the way that kids musical instruments can often be. It takes the pounding and keeps on going too, there's no worry that it's not solid or he or it are going to be damaged.
4638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old has LOVED learning about anatomy and the human body. The companion book is great too, even for older kiddos.
Say Anything Family Edition will have YOUR family talking and laughing in minutes! Every player answers a fun question like Where's the best place to have a birthday party? or What would make long car rides more fun? Then players try to choose which answer the judge will like best. Play Say Anything Family Edition and find out what hilarious things YOUR family will say!
5363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my brother's family.  They loved it.  My mom played it while she stayed at his house and is now asking for it for Christmas.  It is a great family game and appropriate for all ages.
The value is also excellent. Within this, you get a player rulebook, a DM rulebook, a set of RPG dice, several pawn figurines (used as miniatures for the game), and a very large 1" x 1" gridded sheet for dry erase markers that you can use to design your dungeon. The supplies alone are worth the cost of the box. The rule books are, again, very thorough and there are some websites that have devised ways of playing only by these rules at a maximum level of five for the duration of a campaign. I must admit that such a structure is intriguing and seems feasible. In other words, you don't necessarily need anything more than this.
9445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Remo drum w/Mallet is an extremely durable drum.  A friend of mine got it as a gift for their daughter when she was one. She is now four and has a little brother. The drum has been used on a daily basis and has genuinely been loved and played with. I totally disagree with the reviewer that gave this "toy" a 3 star review. Any "toy" that can survive three years of play with two toddlers and loved that much is not a "toy" in my book!  I have seen the children use the mallets or sticks with the drum. I have even seen them stand on the drum.  At the end of the day, we put our marching band instruments back onto the shelf and give them a rest!  A truly memorable gift and I am here tonight buying it for yet another little one's first Christmas. A gift that shall be enjoyed for many years and not one that breaks on Christmas day.
2162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Before I got this, I was using a card collector's box to keep all of my Red Dragon Inn decks together. This not only holds all of the cards, but all of the coins, has new score trackers that don't take up a lot of space, and comes with some interesting new decks. My biggest complaint is the price, but if you're a fan with everything, it's definitely worth it.
Pathfinder appears to be very intriguing.

7966	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	we love it. good value for wooden blocks. nice sized blocks. my 14 month old has no problem holding them and stacking them.
3466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very strong deck.  I have purchased 2 of Dino decks and have created a very powerful deck that is tough to beat.  I purchased 2 so that I can keep the other foil card as part of my collection and to add to my curreent deck.  Over all, a great purchase.
Took me a while to read the instructions, but everything made sense once I dealt the cards.
5618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to our collection of fluxx!  Only two creepers, but a ton of fast paced fun.
 Nevertheless, this item is a hit for all kids who come to our house  and I highly recommend this game.  For entertainment or education!

209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Buying and selling hotels sounds kind of boring on the surface.  But if you went for that knee jerk reaction, you would completely miss this fantastic game.  The game is simple to play, but requires a lot of hard decisions and some memory involved too.
7375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old niece loved this. She received it at Christmas and it was one of the most played with gifts by both her and her 4 and 6 year old cousins as well.
This game is definitely not something that kids under the age of 10 could play unless if they're really smart. One of the first things I loved about this game is that there is no board. The "board" is composed of map tiles kind of like settlers of catan except each tile is square and contains 9 land types. These squares can be set up in any way you please to change the map. The rule book will give you suggestions on how to set up the map but you don't have to follow the rulebook's guidelines. This makes each game more interesting and unique from the last one.
SO WHY SHOULD I PLAY THIS INSTEAD OF MONOPOLY

2437	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These came before expected and I love them. They are very cute and stick on very good. Also they were easy to place on my ipod.
9202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You can never have enough of these tracks!
1340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this game for Christmas, and decided to try it out a few days later. Ever since we opened the box, we basically haven't been able to put it away! It's SO MUCH FUN, and totally addicting!
5918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Dungeon Roll is a very accessible dice game for those that are new to the board game hobby and for those that are pretty familiar with tabletop gaming.  Get a character, Roll your party dice, fight some monsters and collect some loot.  At the end of 3 rounds ( a round being where each player has gone into the dungeon once ) and at the end see who has the most experience points from the dungeon and your loot.  Always be careful of the Dragon waiting to take you out though!  Fun press your luck mechanics, very easy to learn and highly recommended.  For more you can check our video (it is too large for the amazon upload) here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0grgPx18RhA&feature=youtu.be
1139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves it. The game looks so much better in person. Its real fun and easy to play.
8597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's been fun with my 5 year old. The characters on the cards are fun and the cards themselves are terrific quality, similar to Bicycle cards. The instructions are clear and thorough.
355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our group of friends gather weekly to play board games and the original Lord Of Waterdeep is a favorite with everyone. The more novice gamers find it accessible and fun and the hardcore gamers love the depth of strategy and re playability. Everyone appreciates it's pacing as well, as it is a fairly quick game even with 5 players. This expansion, Scoundrels of Skullport adds many great new features. It essentially adds two possible new game modes. One simply expands upon the base game, adding more challenging but more rewarding quests, new lord cards, and new buildings. The second part adds the new corruption mechanic which is a lot of fun, and a great way to breathe new life into the game if you've played it often with the same group. All pieces and packaging are of the same high quality fit and finish of the original game. If you enjoyed the base game, this is a must have expansion, and a great value for the price.
7263	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun and silly game.  we play it often with our 6 yr old.
7784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are the size you remember from childhood, unlike some of the others which are very tiny.  I plan to use them to make a decoration for the baby's room, but they are fine to let a child play with.
9	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes you need something new and special that gives you 30 minutes of piece. I used these waiting at the dentist or a graduation or something. They are small so they slip into a bag and cheap enough, especially with the 3 for 4 price on amazon.com . The robots and funny faces are a lot of fun. Probably best at 3-4-5 rather than 2 because the stickers are small.


Wise and Otherwise is a great, somewhat more cerebral version of Balderdash that allows each player to flex their inner prose/poetry ability. It's also not so bookish that someone turned off by fancy phrasing would be left behind, because some of the actual proverbs are surprisingly simple and to the point.
My kids also love to put other objects inside this, little toys and such.

1711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was our first year for elf on the shelf my kids loved it!!
2630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Christmas gift for my 13 year old daughter. She is in the phase of plastering music bands and boys to her bedroom walls. Plus drawing her own posters and doodles is necessary at her age.
The game pieces represent the varios starships throughout the years and the questions are relatively detailed and difficult for the Star Trek fan. (Who wants easy questions anyway!)
My only complaint is that it takes a really long time, but there are easy house rules to implement that can make it faster, some of which are even included in the game's manual.

If you're a Python fan or a collector of Fluxx games, then pick this up - it's a definite addition that you need for your collection!  But if this is your introduction to the world of Fluxx (and Looney Labs in general!) then I suggest trying the base Fluxx deck first and see how fun and quick of a time waster it can be for waiting rooms and crowded restaurants!
2650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very interesting cards and very nice replica. The corners are 90 degree angles instead of being rounded, and they also don't have the number/letter and suit symbol in the corners like modern cards do. Another difference is the ink; there are some cards (especially in the diamonds) where the pips are smeared and have other imperfections, though this was deliberately done to match an older deck better. The pips also have a hand-drawn quality to them. The courts are full images instead of being mirrored halves and the colors are muted and faded.
So, overall, it's just a good time with a bunch of friends. Win or lose, you'll enjoy the comraderie of tearing through baddies and collecting treasure.
3189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own a set and some extra pieces of KitchenAid 5-Ply SS Clad cookware, and this is my favorite piece.  Read the reviews, then go and splurge on it--it will last you a lifetime!!!
9533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ok does its job.  But it's a little hard to see the answers clearly.  I thought the answer would have popped up. But you need to push it down to see through the plastic square to see the answer.
4521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bananagrams is a competitive and challenging crossword game.  It's a great party game because while there is a race to finish using all the tiles in crossword formation, each player works alone, so it requires quick thinking and concentration.  You can take apart your crossword and start over at any time to fit the tiles.  The Banagrams website explains the rules thusly:
5367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am a certified Scrabble Club Director and I think that this game does what Scrabble is so good at doing without the need to know words. At it's core Scrabble is a game of logic and pattern recognition and those are the two crucial elements of Qwirkle. In this game you maximize your points by scoring a row of 6 same shapes of different colors or 6 different shapes of the same color. I play this game with my nephews who love it. The playing pieces are sturdy wooden blocks so the game will stand up to a lot and it is very easy to learn and to teach.
4 1/2 stars, rounded down because I find the rift progress mechanic unwieldy (but still fun).

5808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good for any age
2204	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Played it a Christmas with the family, we had fun with it.
The decisions weren't very interesting and when the price of the goods unpredictably change, which can happen at any time, everything you've worked for becomes a waste.  Boring, frustrating and annoying.
5214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun!
(I get made fun of every time I play the word "ska" because no one has ever heard of it.)
After playing the game one time, we agreed that it seems like it may be fun but we want to give it another go.  I do like that the game rules allow two people to figure out how to play the game, to get a feel for the various steps of the game, how to earn power (the goal is to gain 15 power tokens to win the game), and what to do in each phase.  There is a recommendation to begin using two particular houses:  Stark and Lannister.  Anyone who is a fan of the books and/or television show will appreciate why these two are a perfect choice for starting.
5148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It is a fun game, but I think kids enjoy it more than adults.
6294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pokmon-Pokemon-Plush-Lapars-Doll-Around-15cm-6-34-Blue-Free/dp/9628597256/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pokmon Pokemon Plush Lapars Doll Around 15cm 6" Blue, Free</a>&nbsp;This plush is absolutely cute and super small! My only problem with it is that it's got a dirp(doesn't look right) face comparing to the anime version of Lapras.

3131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tho this was not on that child's list, it was my choice to present it... he was delighted, and happened to be wearing a Monkey shirt at the time.  Before long, his head was on Monkey as a pillow, near the Christmas tree.  I am glad I ordered it. The service was fine.
3922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The StarViper is one of four new Wave 6 expansion sets for the X-Wing miniatures game. As with the other expansions in this wave, one of the more interesting things about this wave is that it introduced a third faction: Scum and Villainy.  I have to admit that including these ships in your squad seems a little expensive for what you get (thus the reason for 4 rather than 5 stars), but I still think there are some good reasons to add at least one StarViper to your Scum fleet.
7436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a classic!

4375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game.  Easy to travel with.
  Draw three Destination Cards.  Youve got to keep at least one.  These give a method to the madness of which routes you buy.
i have a group on facebook that has figures from movies and games

In this game you perform 3 simple actions: place a tile, buy up to three stocks, and then draw another tile. When I place a tile, I can decide if I want help grow a hotel chain(don't have to own it), create a hotel chain, or merge a hotel chain.  After that, I have to decide on which hotel chain on the board I want to buy stock.  This is where things get interesting, because you know that if you own the most stock in a hotel chain that gets gobbled up in a merger, you'll get some major moolah.  Of course the bigger the chain is when it gets gobbled, the bigger the payout is. So, you may finding yourself trying to weigh out when you should merge the hotel chain if someone doesn't do it first and whether or not you grow it.  Again, there's a risk involved, because if a hotel chain gets beyond 11 tiles, it is safe from acquisition.  If that happens and you're a major stockholder, then you'll keep growing that "safe" hotel chain for the big payout at the end of the game.  When mergers happen, you also have to decide if you should trade your stock in for the new hotel, sell your old stock, or keep it for when you decide to start the old chain back up again.  The game has a lot of subtle strategy as you try to weigh out how you grow a hotel chain or merge it, based on how much stock you own in it or how much someone else has invested in it.
Very portable.  Good to take camping, trips, etc.
I purchased as a birthday present to children.
Sometimes you win a lot. Sometimes you lose a lot. Its really about how much of it feels controllable. By yourself, its absolutely manageable. Oh but this is a game with others. How foolish to expect any outcome at all. Well at some point you'll draw a correlation between who you play with and how much you enjoy the game. You might not like the results, but therein lies the most important choice you'll ever make in this game: who you play with.

9851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What an adorable gift!  I purchased this for a little girl who just celebrated her fifth birthday.  She was ecstatic!  Her mother thought it was a really neat gift, as well.  I mentioned it to one of my girlfriends, who went out and bought one too...but for her two year old.  I think it would be a great gift for all sorts of ages.  I may just get one for my two year old, too.

I enjoy playing this game


1116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I really enjoy this board game. It is a lot of fun to play with both 2 and 4 players. I purchased this game because it is by the same creators of "Catan" and I am extremely happy with my purchase. I would recommend to anyone who loves playing board games (I have actually already recommended two of my to buy it!)
  My advice is that if you have Kingsburg already, this expansion is a must-have.  I don't think Kingsburg would ever hit my table these days if I didn't have this.  If you haven't gotten Kingsburg yet, realize that it's possible that  at some point, you'll be faced with the decision to either buy the "To Forge a Realm" expansion or let the base game gather dust on your game shelf.
9620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a well design and rugged choice. It is durable and almost unbreakable which is a plus with younger kids.

8722	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
1165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
6076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love formula D! It is a interesting mix of strategy and dumb luck.  My family kind of likes it.  My wife was a little frustrated with the rule book for advanced play but I found a free reference sheet online that helped clear that up.  Before the reference sheet we had to go back to the rule book a lot.  My child age 5 understands the basic rules but gets bored about halfway through the track.  I print off a Formula De Mini track from online and found it much easier to keep his attention.  I would agree with the recommended age on the box.  Finally, I also ordered extra dice that helped speed the game up but I would recommend waiting to see if you like the game to make this investment.
8536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our daughter loves this. She can be rough with toys, but she's had this since Christmas and it's still holding up well.
1260	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game for all ages!  Even though the "kids" no longer live at home, our family still enjoys getting together for board games now and then.  This is a great addition to our lineup of classics!  The rules are a bit complicated, but are easy to pick up once you start playing the game.  This game can be played in a very friendly way or very competitively, so it's lots of fun for the whole family.  You never know who is going to win until the end.
So far he has TP'd our living room so she woke up to toilet paper all over the living room.
Though the rules lack logic at times with occasional clumsy game playing, the game is a fun experience.  Some questions based on various scenes are quite random and require little knowledge.  The big question is, "Would it be something most people would play often?"  It probably would spend time on a person's shelf and be played on the holidays.  Aside from certain situations, it would see little action.  To play the game for maximum enjoyment, one really needs more than two players.  Four players would be ideal.
2257	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This book is horrific!!! I wonder if it was even proof-read or edited prior to being published. Boring, lacks any type of stimulating plot that would capture a child's interest, and has bizarre illustrations to capture the pathetic storyline. Please do yourself a favor and get an elf on the shelf. The elf is tacky looking
If this is your first outing with Fate, DFRPG is a meaty, meaty game that takes time and patience to learn for the GM and the players, however, if you get the hang of it, understand the rules, and it clicks with all the players you will be hard pressed to find a more rewarding and enjoyable RPG experience.
9095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very well made, sounds great, my sons loves it!

- it comes with money and coins
940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We are a family of board gamers. TTR USA is simple to learn and play. My two boys 7 and 9 year olds pick up the game easily. However, it is IMHO pretty predictable after a few games - you sort of can remember what routes you used to build and hence can guess what your fellow game mate is attempting to plan. it isn't as complicated nor challenging as our fave game - Settlers of Catan. But it doesnt take as much time to finish a game as Catan does. Overall, on its own, it is a game easy enough to provide family fun or among friends and my kids after playing a few times, are able to set up the game and play with other kids without supervision or guidance. But for me, it doesn't have the "oomph" factor like Catan. That's because I am a Catan die heart.
I HIGHLY recommend this game!!! We love to play it as a couple, as a family, and with all our friends that we can rope into it!!!
9721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great habitat but caterpillars are an added expense. It claims the caterpillars are free and the $7.95 covers shipping.  But, it's a disappointment after paying for the "kit".
So what's the solution?  Play QUIDDLER!!  Our family loves this game - you can complete a whole game in an hour or less (or you could stop half-way through and finish the game the next evening).  In Quiddler, you create words, but unlike Scrabble, it's not always the one with the best vocabulary who gets the most points.  You try to make words out of all your letters - there might be a long word which gets lots of points, but it might be little brother over there who is able to make several short words who gets the "most words" bonus and jumps ahead of everyone else!

643	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Some of these questions were very disgusting and not appropriate. i bought these for vactaion with a 46 year old, two 9 year olds, two 11 year olds, a 76 year old, a 51 year old, a 47 year old and a 45 year old. overall really didn't like it
2703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a good game board, my 3 year old daughter loves Pete the Cat and this game will help her learning to count. My only complaint is the spinner doesn't work well attached to the board,
6181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very nice quality helicopters. The only down side is that the battery charge doesn't last very long - but it charges fairly quickly too. These are easy to use and are so fun. My family laughed so much when we were learning to fly these things - which brings me to the point that they are very durable! We have crashed into countless things - the ceiling, the floor, the TV, each other, etc. and both helicopters remained intact. There were several times that I thought - that's it it's dead! But NO they keep going.
365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Big Trucks and Diggers Matching Game is a quality game that provides far more challenges than conventional matching games.  The pictures to be matched consist of various Cat trucks and diggers, as well as construction signs and equipment/tools used during heavy construction.
3253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Update: 5/24/2016
6839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got hooked on this when I went to a game store in SF.
The kit is probably a bit too challenging for most eight-year-olds. I'd recommend it for ages ten and up.
3862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2PWECBO4I4ZZB" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1V4rzQaSnS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01FhslQO9SS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is literally and figuratively a huge expansion for the X-Wing game.  It includes two ships -- the Rebel Transport and X-Wing escort, new rules and ways to play, and many upgrade cards.  I know this is a very long review (but there is LOTS of stuff included in this expansion).  So, I've broken it down into two main parts.  PART 1 will cover the X-Wing and upgrade cards that can be used in the standard game (which know better and have had more time to think since many of these things were spoiled early). PART 2 will contain info and initial impressions of the Rebel Transport cards.
XCOM the Board Game is a thrilling adventure that offers a fun yet stressful timed component.  Not all of the decisions in the game are in the timed phase, so players won't be stressed out too much (like in, say, Space Alert or Damage Report).  Rather, decisions of significance are equally divided between the timed phase and the resolution phase.  The app is really fun and adds a lot to the game, without it being gimicky.  It draws players into the high tech feel of the game, while at the same time giving players just enough time to negotiate with other players about how much money can be spent on each task, and then making those decisions.  Essentially, what you do during the timed phase is really about setting you up for the resolution phase, getting yourselves into the best position to deal with the multiple crises the game presents.  The dice rolling during the resolution phase adds a push-your-luck mechanic that may cost the team, but the potential rewards are just too much to ignore.
5369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game on reading the positive reviews, must say one of the best buys I've made. I play with the wife & kids it's so much fun. My 6 yr old has actually beaten me a couple of times, I was really trying to win. Very easy to learn & each game is always different depending where you place the pieces. A Must buy. So much fun.
4061	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	xwing zoom
~The Rebecca Review
The above situation is but one example of the choices youll be faced with in this game.  Sometimes you may opt to have a scroll drink a potion in order to revive a champion (you can make the party die anything you want) and others, you may decide to keep the scroll in the event you get a bad roll (three monsters of different types). Tokens score you experience points at the games end, so sometimes its best to bow out early on a delve in order to save them. Then again, one token might be all you need to go two more levels.  Each character also has a special ability, which can be upgraded (by flipping the card over after earning so much experience) and used to get yourself out of some nasty situations.  Theres no shortage of if-then dilemmas here.
4) It's a MUCH shorter game.  The game ends when either one company grows too far or every company on the board is "safe."  Generally, this is about 45 mins or so, unlike Monopoly, which can last 2-3 hours.
648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun for car rides
-The Central Officer, who manages the satellites and relays information from the app
This is a nice portable size, great for the car, taking to someone's home, to the office, etc.  And, again, that is because of the size.

6569	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love and play using for many imagination games. Many ages use and enjoy
2465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
I accidentally had 2 in my cart and ended up giving it as a gift.
7369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This a great game for families, young and old alike. It is an old school game that I played more than 30 years ago, but it is still a lot of fun and can keep a 13, 11 and 5 year old all engaged. Fast-paced good old fashioned family fun that is simple to learn but doesn't get boring. Unplug and try it for your family game night.
8508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite games. I like that we can play it as a family. There are not many games that put kids and adults on a level playing field, but this is one. My 7 year old enjoys it and I have a sharp 4 1/2 year old who is starting to get the concept as well.
3956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These dice are really great. The system is easy to pick up and you'll have a blast. I'd definitely recommend two sets.
5970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Components:
Identities: Rielle Kit Peddler: Transhuman, The Professor: Keeper of Knowledge, Exile: Streethawk
9619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to our railroad set.
5852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm gl as d I bought this one. Very relaxing as the colors brig these gardens to light.
Within minutes after we installed the batteries, the red light bulb that serves as a nose no longer worked.
Although I absolutely think highly of this game, I give it 4 stars due to its learning curve.  For brand new people to the genre, it may take several plays before they like it.  While the customizable nature of this may be a positive for those accustomed to CCGs, those that are familiar with deck builders like Dominion may be a bit overwhelmed.
The object is to build a tableau of cards representing a city and to win with either 8 victory points, or playing a total of 18 cards in a single round.  Of course different cards can be both beneficial or detrimental to your current hand, or if played in a strategic manner, slow down your opponents ability to complete their own city before you complete yours.
7267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grand daughter love the game.
* Credit card doesn't do anything
Price- $35-45
2076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought the girl edition, but they are almost identical.  I really don't see a difference between the two ones so I am reviewing this one too.
652	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible card game, wasn't fun.  Highly predictable.  Don't waste your money.
Minor aesthetic changes including the design on the back of the cards, some card art, (my constantly drawing son gives it a thumbs up) and the cardboard figures are replaced by plastic figures which if painted can be kinda cool.  There is nothing that prevents the use of the plastic standups if they are preferred and should be retained in your set in case you lose any of the figures.
1129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't sure about this game but we ended up loving it.  Play it with the grandchildren and it is easy enough for the young ones but still fun for the older ones.
8516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My whole family loves this game! Especially my 7yr old!
The game mechanics themselves do not have much of a Star Wars flavor to them.

6999	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Biggest disappointment in a toy i have ever seen. First of the quality of this thing is atrocious.  The solar powered calculator is really weak, you need a good lighted room for the calculator to work.  Another flaw especially your place is a bit on the darker side. The plastic is such horrible quality that its not even close to be worth the price they are selling this for... it should be 5 bucks at most, not even.  Rip off quality at a rip off price.  Such a huge waste of a purchase.
2371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	"Eminent Domain" manages to be something really unique- a deck-building game that focuses how cards are used to play in a very interesting way.  Players start out with a base deck, made up of five different kinds of cards and a wild card.  Decks of those same five base cards lay on a special tile.  Throughout the game, players may play one of their cards in hand for an action, but they must select another one of the five base cards for its "role," essentially another action specific to each card, different from playing it as an action.  The player then takes the card from the tile and adds it to his discard.  Each player then may follow the role by also taking that action (though with penalties), or passing and drawing another card from their deck.
7124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Had when I was younger great game
- Set-up and clean-up is a snap (although be careful when you "uncoil" the tunnel it does unleash with a bit of force).
5587	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Light, fun card game that sends up old sci-fi tropes. Star Trek, Star Wars, Dr. Who, 2001 and more are all represented.
3957	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Dice are great.  You kinda need them to play the game.  The website has decals for current dice (d6,d8, etc) but how ghetto is that?
5018	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for Family, and even little kids can understand it.
[...]Play this game with smart & challenging players and you'd have the time of your life.
1379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids, parents, and grandparents. I highly suggest the getting the expansion with the full size cards. Easier for kids to handle and grandparents to read.
6977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The first one we got that was a gift didn't work so that was pretty disappointing. Amazon shipped another one out, and I had to return the one that didn't work. So he is a happy little boy now.
*Not as much conflict as we would like because you are concentrated on getting money (the object of the game) so fighting the other gangs is counter-productive to that. It might be fun to add caveats like who ends with the most guns, most contraband, or most kills, etc
2565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for a 2 year old for her birthday. Fun spin on 5 little monkeys

Identities: Cerebral Imaging: Infinite Frontiers, Custom Biotics: Engineered for Success, NEXT Design: Guarding the Net
578	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The only interaction is that during your play/turn you get to chance to choose from the discard pile and only the card that the person before discarded.  It's also too easy to make words and go out, two rounds is the norm; and the larger the word made means nothing extra.  The high review average for this game says something about the people posting reviews in general.
3575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great value for the money! My two year old has no problems peeling them off and they're such fun stickers.
it might not help with pronunciation and grammar, but I not only never claimed, but wouldn't begin to suggest that this is the sole source to learn English as 2nd language. You still need to read, and need to practice talking to someone who can correct you and so on. This is a very good tool however, to apply things that you either are learning or already learned. I appreciate that they have these ranked by level of difficulty. That makes it easy for children or adults to use the one appropriate for their level.
2801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Why does my kid love this cat so much?
9276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
4260	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun Game! Love the ever changing aspect that FLUXX provides. It keeps everything interesting and you competing until the end. The theme deck is also great. Just make sure you are playing with fellow fans.
Nitpicks aside, I do love this expansion, and you get a TON of stuff to freshen up the game that will keep you going for months. It's a great value and a lot of fun. It's so big and crazy, I'm not sure what the designers can do for the next expansion, but I'm looking forward to finding out!
So yea, if you love good boardgames that the family can enjoy or just to have a casual night of gaming, this is the game for you.
216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We were thrilled to find Acquire finally; my husband grew up loving this game. Ordered it for my brother.  The game requires strategy, planning, and never ends the same way.  It is a classic, must-have addition for any game closet.  It's a little more time intensive, and the board isn't as flashy as newer games, but hey -- it is exciting to play.  It's all about the acquisitions.
3597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
3480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've seen these DM/GM screens a few times before and they're very well made and are necessary if you plan to run a game. Not just for blocking the players' view of your stuff, but to have ready access to certain info. I tried to make my own DM Screens and invested $15 into two different attempts - both wasted. I finally gave in and bought this one - happy that I finally have something worth owning in my hand.
2381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is mostly a negotiation game based on the Starz original series (which I never saw) where players collect and spend money on slaves (income producers), gladiators (used for fights, another big part of the game), and other miscellaneous things like equipment for your gladiators and guards to protect you from attacks played by your opponents.
+ beautiful artwork
6739	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	=grandson loves this
125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like them, but the kids get bored with all of the questions.  The secret is to do every third one.
880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids fell in love with this game, so we gave it to our cousins for Christmas.  The cousins are homeschooled and informed me that there is a curriculum that goes along with the game.  I had no idea.
7135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very fun for my kids! Since the calculator is solar it does require more light then a regular calculator. This has been dropped many times and is still in great shape!
1942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I used this for my first grade students and they loved it!! It was so fun to base writing assignments off of our elf Jingly.
4216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Give away gift
2811	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Soooo cute and my son is going to LOVE THIS oh my gosh I am soooooo happy :)

32	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you have a child interested in robots this is a fun activity for them.  It allows the child to build a robot with colorful stickers.

As you lay down your trains you rack up points, The longer the track, the larger the gain.  If you successfully complete the route on your destination card, you also rack up points, but those you conceal till the end of the game.
5775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am teaching my 2 year old both English and Spanish.. these cards work great for our spanish day's:) :)

5987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I never saw the TV show. I got this because I ride, and I game. I got it on impulse, and I'm glad I did! I really like that, despite there being a lot of location tiles, only a few are played. These tiles interact well with the event cards, which seem to refer to episodes or events of the series. With repeated play, I imagine even better expectations of what's coming. I really like this rather elegant insertion of source material into a game mechanism. The components are top notch. Little plastic guns and bags, plastic figs, and little cardboard money. Some games, the money runs out, so I've tossed in wooden "gold" to swap out with 5 dollars. The only thing that I'm not so keen on is the reinforce mechanism. It feels a bit too easy, but the game is straightforward, which I like. The one bonus about this reinforcement style is that it rewards having a single unit out there, running around. But it's safer and easier just to have a mob riding around. All in all, a solid game, finding that sweetspot that forces you to bust out of solitaire, without going overboard with attacking others.
2092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a supplement that can very well be considered the Dresden Files Encyclopedia (although much has changed in the dresden verse at the time of its writing) and it offers great templates for making your own characters and enemies by providing examples of the foes and allies Harry and Co. have encountered over his adventures in the Windy City.
5552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was the first Fluxx game we bought. When the wife was pregnant we tried to stay in as much as we can so i got her fluxx. We fell in love with it we just about own every type of Fluxx there is.
3617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you collect this series of figures, you cannot pass this one over.  Again fantastic detail and a nice size in comparison with the human figures.  The paint job on this guy is perhaps his best feature because blue on blue could have been just plain boring but he looks really good.  Again I like the pose which is important for non-articulated figures.  This time he holds his spear and it is not separate in the box like in the case of the swords.  However mine is not bend probably because the spear is more robust than the swords.  Again highly recommended.
1. It's too small.
2546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A fun traditional Klutz project kit. Book and cover warm somewhat which takes away from the quality feel.
Great hands-on resource.

3607	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice little Piggy Bank. Walking Dead fans will love. Doesn't hold much money. Detail and color is cool.

3635	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a pretty good dice bag. I recommend it to anyone who loves dice. it's a great dice bag!
We have enjoyed the books and now we enjoy the game. The pictures on the game look like they come right from the book.
9162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids LOVE playing with this!  There was one at my daughter's preschool and the teachers were telling me how much she loved playing with it.  We bought one for her and my son for Christmas and they love when we get it out.  It is easy for the kids to use.
85	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My niece loves this! Her little puppies were so cute! It is very time consuming though. She's 8 and needed lots of adult assistance. The package only comes with enough yarn to make 4 puppies and only enough glue for one. So be prepared to buy more supplies.

1931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	who doesn't owe this
4694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Since we homschool, I'm always looking for new things to help teach my kids! Recently we've been learning a lot about the human body and anatomy. I thought this set would be perfect since it gives them the ability to touch and see where each organ belongs.

8256	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for kids.  I grew up playing this, and now my 4 year old loves it.  As far as educational value, the children learn colors, sequence, how to take turns, and consequence.

Game Of Thrones is a living card game rather than a collectible one, so while that means there are fewer strategies overall to employ, it also means you don't have to keep buying an endless supply of new booster packs, and that's a plus in my book. For fans of the show or gamers who want something new to try during your weekly session, this one's a fun entry that's worth picking up.
6384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is a huge Curious George fan and one of his favorite stories is the one where Curious George Rides a Bike. So, it couldn't be a better lunch box for him. He loves it!
Some people think that the lack of strategy makes these games easy for young children, and that's probably true, but it also makes it frustrating for them - they hit a losing streak and they have *no way* to turn it around, and they know that. I have never seen the same frustration with losing in games like Sleeping Queens or Crazy Eights that I have in Candyland - and, tellingly, when my older niece loses Crazy Eights she pouts and then asks to play again. When she loses Candyland, she pouts and puts the game away!
5090	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was new to me, but thought my grandkids would like it, they had played it before and loved it so it gave us a good ouple of hours of funn time with grandma.  Near the end it was a little more tricky on putting the tiles in place and that is what made it more fun  you have to think a little and be creative.
8332	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic family game.

7355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game that my son 7 year old son enjoys! It is fast paced and has a little competition to it! GameWright has some really great games. We really like this game but also love the card games... Rat A Tat Cat and Sleeping Queens made by the same company. This company makes super fun card games for the whole family to enjoy!
457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good fun. makes you think
7253	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played this as a kid.  So fun!
273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I DIG THIS! It's a shame that 5-6 years ago I wasn't running any RPGs. I probably would have had these tiles already. This set is very versatile and will really enhance my battle mats for my players. I'm glad they are still reasonably priced and I'll be getting the other 2 master sets I've found here on Amazon. The box they come in are even wilderness tiled so you can potentially have multi-leveled terrain. It also cuts down a bit on setting up a random or story encounter. I will usuallydraw out the battle maps on a large grid map before it happens, but now I'll be able to just drop terrain where I might need it.
9000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I prefer Rook cards to face cards, so I'm always looking for a different back to Rook cards.  Our family also loves to play Rook.  Great game!  If you want to play with 6 people, order 2 decks!

8539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game
9565	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing. I filled it with pillows and blankets (i keep it in my livingroom) and my baby crawls in there and rolls around laughing. he loves his fort lol.
2235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"Say Anything" is a wonderful game for kids and family members to learn a few more funny and surprising things [or even stupid things :)] about their friends and family.
*Custom Biotics (3.5)  *Cyber-cypher (4)  *Dagger (3.5)  *Daily Casts (4)
5692	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was trying to find a kind of fantasy game to play with my 6 year old son and this was a fail. It was confusing and boring. The goals are just having certain cards. Too many cards for my son to keep track of and the play was really boring.  I will try the Dungeon board game next, that's probably more like what I was looking for.

9489	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this for my five yo who plays it in his class.
111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it
2681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Groovy!
3249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game with solid stratedgy
I also think this toy could be beneficial in education, especially among kids who are just learning to count or something.  The game is fun, and when learning can be fun, it's always more enjoyable.
4223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Monty Python's Fluxx is a pythonization of the popular Fluxx game that produces many laughs.
9062	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 2 year old loves to bang away on this drum. It can be a bit noisy in the house but it gives him a few good minutes of entertainment every day.
3258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and fun game
10	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These little books are great! They are small, but perfect for birthday party favors, which is what we used them for! There is a blank page after each page of stickers, so that's where my kids made their robots. They were a huge hit!
This is a fun game that can be enjoyable for tweenaged children and grown-ups alike.
1683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cute
447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
7281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	daughter loves it
3613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of easy to implement options for Fate.  I would say that it is a must-buy for Fate Core.
Some of my observations:
9073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's UNO, what else to say? :D
- The rules are somewhat convoluted.. you WILL make tons of mistakes and find out later you were playing the game wrong.. watch a youtube stream and it will cut that down a bit.
The book is also cute - a good way to introduce him to kiddos. Christopher is a durable elf - I can see him holding up for years and years.

you are allowed to look at the two cards on the end, but not the cards in the middle.
8962	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	We were looking forward to this but it just does not deliver.  The dolphins don't make sound reliably and the darn rings will not stay hooked together.  It is going into the Christmas return pile if I can find the box among the recyclables.
8183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our grown child wanted this game for his children and we were excited to find it...
418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Liked it.
5648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Crazy wild game....
9708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We used this for our 8 month old baby at the beach. The tent held up GREAT and the cushion in the bottom made it very comfortable for him to play on his tummy since he could not yet sit up. Our beach was slightly windy so we put our beach bag in there with him because it does not come with stakes to be tied down. We didn't want baby to fly away.
8517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding game. It is one the entire family enjoys playing with younger members of the family. Builds on concentration skills. Even our preschool grandson along with his kindergarten brother and 1st grade cousin beg to play this card game...yet adults love to play along...challenging enough for everyone!
5508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This puzzle was a lot bigger then I was expecting, it's about the size of a normal 2000 pc. It was very easy to put together and only took about 1.5 hours. Some pegs were bent but I just bent them back. This would make a great picture for the kids room or a classroom puzzle as a teaching guide. The pc. are very big and you won't have to worry about losing them.
8002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't love operation?  Absolute classic game!
4792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves taking "Dave" apart and finding out where everything goes.  Very educational and fun.  I would highly recommend.


The causes a lot of upshifting, downshifting and braking to meet the criteria to not crash, but if too much damage is done to a particular component such as tires or brakes, you could potentially crash and be out of the game.
3549	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves these stickers.  I purchased several sets and they were a great price.  She is 15 mos and loves putting them on construction paper and my clothes (  :

6509	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	like connect 4 love this game
The only luck involved comes with the commerce cards you draw.  If you receive commerce cards that match your resources, you'll earn more points and more money, which will let you buy more resource production.  The luck fades out into strategy later in the game as you purchase the buildings and ships needed to fulfill your commerce contracts no matter what you're dealt.


6196	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great small copter very sturdy and fun.
7983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this 5 stars because this IS a truly classic game for many past generations and for many future generations to come!  As a grandparents we both remember playing it as children.  I purchased this for our granddaughter who is too young for it at the present time however, we KNOW she'll love it as much as we did and our children did growing up.  Absolutely recommend it for ALL children!
9108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hours of fun
9065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
-definitely not good for younger players for rules and mechanics reasons, but I would never discourage them from trying it.
4525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute kit, tons of words and themes available. I bought the dog version for my fiance for his birthday since we share a dog. We've had a good time writing poems and our friends play with it when they are over.

8254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's not quite the same as it used to be but still a great game.
5456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This gane covers the first three films.
One thing to note - Paizo's website has further support for this pack if you finish the included adventure and you get bored with the 4 included classes.  They add the class Berserker to the beginner box on there and they have yet another pre-constructed adventure to run though.  I absolutely love the company who made this and will be purchasing more from them in the future.
9854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was very very cool!! Fun way to watch every stage of growing!! Very easy to take care of ! I would def. buy this again!!!
2399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great gift



1150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Interesting game....but requires lots of focus...not for younger children or infantile adults.
In Dungeon Roll each player receives a Hero Card either at random or the player can choose from the following characters: Bard, Battlemage, Beguiler, Chieftain, Commander, Dragon Slayer, Necromancer and Paladin. Each Hero also has a Special Ability that can be used anytime and and Ultimate Ability that can only be used once per delve into the Dungeon. Hero can level up once after gaining enough experience points to help their special abilities.
5776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granted, a few reviews on here made mention of the fact that there was no English translation or pronunciation key but other than that - they're great! They've covered every object under the sun...perfect!

5216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great family game or a fun party game. We received it as a Christmas gift from my in laws and it was quickly a family favorite. It's fun just for me and my husband to play or for the whole family to join in.
70	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter thought it was really easy to put these together!  She had fun!
3798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was excited when i heard Dark Horse was making Game of Thrones figures, love everything about the show
However, please be aware of the age range. It says 8+, and looking through it I doubt many children younger than that age are going to get much out of it. If nothing else, this book assumes they can already read well enough to understand the instructions with little to no help.

8553	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very Fun Game!!!
The box recommends the game for ages 8 and up.  While younger kids could certainly match the colors and shapes, they might miss out on the subtle strategy involved.  Obviously, that age is a guideline, but it seems like its probably about right.
This is a nice 'beginner' box set.  The adventure itself is extremely railroaded, but it is clever and well paced. It also actually has some roleplay opportunities, not just combat.  At the edge of the empire, who doesn't want to steal a Corellian freighter??
8803	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not impressed.  The graphics are very hard to read and all it is is numbers!  In this world of amazing graphics this should not be an issue.  My kids love math but this only holds my 7 year old attention for a few minutes.  I would not recommend.

8268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
 - The cards have only three questions on them - and while some cards lend themselves to gross answers (we had a question which managed to invoke both booger-eating & posterior-picking during one of our games), the tendency toward R-rated answers seems to be mitigated. While some might be tempted to complain about the smaller number of questions, it's quickly obvious when playing with kids (and some adults) that this keeps the game from bogging down while the Judge chooses their question.
Over all Fluxx is a great game for 2-6+ players, it takes about 30 minutes, and in my opinion plays better with a large group.

2393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	harder to understand.  a bit of an accent.
1508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We like to play games in our family.  As the children got older we got tired of the run-of-the-mill board games.  We now enjoy looking for and trying out new and interesting boardgame options.
3123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BOUGHT FOR MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS HE IS 3Y OLD NOW AND HAS BEEN WANTING A NET FOR QUITE A WHILE AND THIS NET IS PERFECT AND EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE LOOKING FOR.  SEEMS PRETTY STURDY TO FOR THE AMOUNT OF USE THAT IT GETS!
The Central Officer is responsible for controlling the application and using satellites to defend against UFOs in orbit, and also control (slightly) the flow of the invasion using his satellites as well. It's him that tells the Commander how much money they have, tells the Squad Leader to pick a mission, and tells the Scientist it's time to assign research. This, to me, is one of the more engaging roles to play, but at the same time you often feel powerless. You help out in a jam, but the team relies on your ability to communicate quickly and clearly more than anything else.
you take turns drawing a card from the pile in the middle(which is face down) or picking the card on the top of the discard pile(which is face up. You try to exchange your higher numbered cards for lower numbers. You try to get all four cards as low as possible (0 to 9) and then you shout out Rat a 'tat CAt. Everyone gets one more chance and then you add up the points. A score keeper records adds up the points for each player.

2125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the simplicity and the adaptability of this system. the note that were "left" in the margins are both funny and helpful too.
9392	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was amazed at the size and quality of this Floor Tom.  My granddaughter loves to drum on anything so I know she is going to love this.  So colorful and the sound is wonderful
3 devil warriors
It's a simple fun game everyone (young or old, boy or girl) loves, wonderful brain exercise; and with other ThinkFun games, it's stored in a pouch and played by one person, very convenient.
Fun for all ages.
2895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son has been read the book 'llama llama red pajama' every single night since he was born. He's 11 months old now.  We have the book memorized!  He can't go to sleep now unless the book has been read to him.  It was only natural that he get the plush toy to go along with the book. It's a huge hit!  My 6 year old niece has learned to read and loves reading my son the book. She too wanted the plush toy and really enjoys her own.  I was a little concerned that llama llama's toy might come off his hand, but we've had it for several months now and it's still completely in tact.  We love it.
5195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun tile placing game.  It can drag a little as time goes one, but overall a very enjoyable game.
9549	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I really had high hopes for this toy, but the numbers rub off easily.
859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family loves this game. Mom, Dad, Daughter (13), Son (10).

This particular version features all the cards and original rules.  In addition, they selected the best "House Rules" sent in by players to add some variety to the game.  Personally, I've played several different wild variations, and they're all as much fun as the original.
2007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is for my grandson.  He has not received it yet.  He will get next year.  My daughter, who is a teacher, will love reading the book to him.
Quit the game forever (Definitely the right decision.)
3426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am not gifted in the least bit artistically. I think I can manage stick figures pretty well, and that's about it. However, by following the illustrations in this book, I was able to come up with some credible designs. Enough that my free face-painting session at a bookfair was well received. I have to admit I gained some confidence in myself, too. The paints are adequate for up to 100 faces ... depending on what you choose to do. I kept my designs simple and small. I didn't attempt the fairy face, though it doesn't look too hard when you have step by step illustrations. The paints wash right off with warm water and soap leaving only the faintest of lines if you don't wash it off well enough. None of the children I practiced on had any allergic reactions to the paints, so I'd say they are mild. However, I did read on the instructions that you aren't suppose to use certain colors near the eyes. It would be interesting to find out why that is.  I also had to buy additional brushes, sponges, etc. because one brush/sponge wasn't adequate.
So for both new and old players, buy this product.  It's a great addition to Arkham Horror.
Oh, and one more thing. My 4 year old has learned how to add numbers from playing this game. At the end of the game, you have to add 4 cards together. The numbers range from 0 - 9. If her total isn't too high (say under 20 or so), she can add them up. I think that deserves another star for Rat a Tat Cat!
8333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my 7 year old grandson.  He specifically asked for this game and he is very happy with it, now he has a game he can play with his big brother and big sister.
2017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun and there are many videos and suggestions for places for the Elf to hide each night on Pinterest.  Years past, this had been hard to find so felt fortunate to find it on Amazon.  It did take quite awhile before delivery but finally made it in time to use for several days before The Elf was packed away until next year.
9728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This play tunnel is well worth purchasing. It is holding up well and my year and ahalf old grandson loves it.
2334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I picked this elf because the orginal elf on self is a bit creepy looking. Came in adorable packing to store your elf for next season. This one looks like a real elf & is so colorful. The book is great too. Again very colorful & such a cute story. My son is having such a fun time finding the elf. We are going to get creative w/ hinding him. Bonus was this one was half the price of the other elf.
3763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A true delight! Gameplay is quick (45-60), rules are simple/intuitive and the strategy is deep! I consider it a must have for those looking for a good two player game.
From the moment the deck is shuffled, the winners and losers of Candy Land are pre-ordained. Lulled by the empty promises of sugary rewards, children across the world learn to mindlessly accept their fate and happily play out the cards that they are delt. Moving from color to color, the populous of Candy Land are completely subjegated to their inevitable journey. No amount of desire, planning, or work, can alter the game's outcome. The lack of dice or a spinner guarantees that luck doesn't even come into play in the saccharine world of Candy Land.
6439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Had to replace a broken one. Still play this game, still love it!!! This one is my favorite version and the only one I will buy.
9972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I actually ordered these to protect my sofa from my dogs--they've got full access to the house and yard when we're away; but after two sets of destroyed sofas, I decided something had to be done. So I ordered these and placed them on the sofa and it keeps them off! Cost much less than the Sofa Savers at Petco!
The game is set in the same cyberpunk dystopia as Fantasy Flight's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Android/dp/1589943449/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Android</a>. Check that one out, too. And if life-or-death stakes get you down, you might like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-Book-of-Word-Games-Parlett-s-Guide-to-150-Great-and-Quick-to-Learn-Word-Games/dp/0963878476/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE Book of Word Games: Parlett's Guide to 150 Great and Quick-to-Learn Word Games</a>, by David Parlett.
9003	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	These dolphins are fun to blow through with your mouth, but they work POORLY in the water.  They work better when the water has been drained out of them before placing them in their innertubes in the water.  But seeing as they are water toys, it doesn't make much sense to do! My boys were 2 and 5 when we got them as a gift.  They are now 4 and 7 and still don't like them. I just gave them to Goodwill.
3814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice
1598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to have
Why? Well, there's really no space to create multiple robots. Stickers are not easy to remove.

1439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My seven year old has ADHD so we are always playing boards games as I try to limit electronics as much as I can.  This was a big hit with him.  Holds his attention and is educational in learning the map.  It is just me and him so it is also a big plus that it is fun for just two players.  Some games just aren't good for just two but this is good for two.
1) It's easy to just pick up and play, even if you've never done it before.  The list of rules is short and it doesn't take long to figure them out.

9594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have rated this item a little bit lower because it does not come with anything else besides these two train tracks. These two wavy train tracks need something under them to build a hill/bridge. It would be nice if you could buy a set with blocks that could be used to hold up the pieces. We have used a small blocks from our own block set to hold up the pieces and that worked fine.

8853	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this drum for my toddler because it is the brand she uses in music class. She loves it! It is so much better than toy drums that play music and sounds when you hit them. I highly recommend these drums!
1641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent product and an excellent tradition. Our kids love it and so do we. I only have positives for this product and the seller.
It also includes nine upgrade cards (Ive included details on some of my favorites below). The list of upgrades includes body guard, calculation (an elite pilot talent that lets you change a focus to a CRIT), accuracy corrector (which lets you cancel all attack dice results and then add 2 hits to the results), ion torpedoes, inertial dampeners (which can be discarded to do a white 0 maneuver, after which you have to take a stress token), hull upgrade, Virago (a 1 point StarViper only title upgrade that lets you add a sensor upgrade and the new illicite upgrade to one of your unique pilots upgrade bar), and autothrusters X2 (a 1 point modification that reads, When defending, if you are beyond Range 2 or outside the attackers firing arc, you may change 1 of your blank results to a [EVADE] result. You can equip this card only if you have the [BOOST] action icon.

2523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We like our Tile Lock Scrabble! This is our first adult version since purchasing the Junior Scrabble for kids. First off, we never owned the original deluxe version so I couldn't compare the two, but obviously you can pay more for that type of quality.
2207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Can't wait to play this!
7227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is now 16 and this is still one of her favorites - we've been playing it since she was 5 or so.  Super fun; we laugh and scream and have a great time!!

Overall I really like my Dilbert's Boss figure and I have nothing negative to add. He's great!
Several hours and several games later, we finally put the game away.  We loved it.  From start to finish it's just a FUN game.  There's enough strategy involved to give it some depth, but also enough chance that even with the best strategy something might go wrong...which to me is very realistic when compared to "real" racing...you can have the best car, the best driver, and the best crew...but none of that matters when an engine blows.
This  game is a load of fun.  It's pretty well known that I love a good deck building game and this one does not disappoint.  It's absolutely fantastic.  I really love how the theme really works in the game and makes it feel like you are building your own space empire either through colonization or warfare.  I really feel like a cross between a Starfleet Captain and the Empire as I either colonize or attack planets, adding them to my cause.  The technology cards really help to amp up your engine that you build through role selection.  Much like other deck builders, this game changes with your chosen cards through your particular play style.  The game is not that difficult and can be learned fairly easily.  Of course some of the terms might be a little confusing the first time so it's recommended to play the learning game.  We decided not to do that and jumped straight in to the full game.  I'm glad that we did as we really had no troubles at all.  My son loved the theme as did I and we both love the game play.  I mostly concentrated on warfare whereas he relied more on colonization.  After seeing me conquering planets left and right he began to turn his attention more to warfare as well.  Needless to say, this was the first stack to be extinguished.  The only complaint about gameplay that I could come up with was that every one of the players started with the exact same deck to begin with.  Of course this is fixed with the Escalation expansion that will be reviewed at a later time, so I won't really go into that here.  In any case, the game is truly amazing and we all love it.
4002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like this game, but (and there's always a but) I wished there was cards to draw instead of an app. It's an okay app, but there's the deal of either having a laptop or tablet (of which neither I own) or tying up your smartphone. Other than that It's a fairly easy game to learn and quite fun to play alone or with others. The components seem to be great quality, board is heavy weight standard cardboard with vibrant colors, the cards and pieces are really great too. all in all It's a great game!
4610	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've played this game with 6 year olds to 80 year olds and had fun each time, more importantly, they did too.  Easy to carry around and easy to play, probably the best new game I've seen in years.
The cards where just as high quality as the main game, and matched the main games cards nicely.
This is the ORIGINAL Illuminti game from the 1980's revisited with new art and some new cards that are different from the original set. There is a collectible card game by the same company with a Similar name; Illuminati NWO. They are not the same! In my opinion, this game is vastly superior!
9537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game. My kids played it when they were growing up and I bought a new one for my grandson. I love when the kids come up with creative ways to use objects to over come the obstacles to waking the princess. I've played this game hundreds of times and I still never mind when a little person pulls it out of the closet and asks to play.
895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	With an instruction booklet that could fit inside a fortune cookie yet high replay value, this is as elegant as it comes for a Euro game. While I'm not always willing to play this game if other options are available, this is one that keeps the barrier to entry fairly low and therefore succeeds with all audiences, even those that might only be casual tabletop fans, without exchanging too much in the way of depth and mechanical soundness.
4474	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much better than Scrabble.  We play this in summer to keep up our learning.  Great fun !
5536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is hard to explain, but is quite enjoyable, we played it with friends and liked it so much we came home and ordered one from Amazon for ourselves.

1872	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a HUGE hit in my house!  Too bad I never heard of this years ago! .It does get difficult though trying to not fall asleep before you can move it.  My so hadn't stopped talking about our new elf and was sad when it was his last night.
8973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our kids 10 months and 21 months enjoy playing with this on almost a daily basis.
2720	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great companion to the Otis book series, beloved  by my 3-year-old grandson
9278	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was a rock musician during the fun days, so I know what a decent drum is supposed to sound like.  Kids won't know the difference, but this drum has an annoying metallic sounding resonance, somewhat like hitting a large tin can.  I purchased this based on the raving reviews, and it is completely puzzling how so many people would miss mentioning the resonance (are all the reviews real?).  I know this is a kid product and not for professionals, but the product description talks about the "enhanced low-pitched fundamentals."
3456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great combo for early "bookworms" Elmo and the cloth book format. This also has an interactive element on each page. The pages are bright and engaging. Purchased for my new grand child, and I will need to get one for my soon to be 2yr old grandson who adores all things Elmo!
8893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality  Real instrument!  Im sure my 2 and a half yr old grandson will use it more as he ages.  Holds up to standing on, etc.  Beautiful colors and instrument.
3515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is provably the first review that will only give 4 stars (4.5 actually) instead of 5, and let me explain why.
8074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a Christmas gift. It is for my grandson. A great game that has been around for sooooo many years! Everyone I know always loved to play Candy Land!

Playing the game is fun and all, it's just weird that this is billed as a locking version when the feature barely works. If you even barely bump into the table the board rests on, pieces will move. I can't imagine playing this in the car unless you were on a long stretch of smooth road with zero bumps or rocks of any kind.
Some other points to consider:
4374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for two players up to many more! We enjoyed playing with a bottle of wine and some yummy apps nearby. 
The questions cover Star Trek, ST:The Next Generation, Deep Space 9, Voyager, Enterprise and all 10 Films!
6306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is nice and soft. Top heavy, so I don't understand how it's sitting up in the picture. Once you buy it, it will always flop onto it's own head rather than stand up. But that just gives it character!!! It's a cutie, great for anyone who loves lapras!!
Set 2:
5576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a gift. But every Fluxx I've played so far has been a blast! So my Star Wars loving nephew is going to love this!
8419	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	To many rules to much crap to keep track of, not for children at all.  Children just give up and walk off.
"puzzle" stage where they try moving the colored balls inside around to get them all into one sphere or spread them all out. I'm genuinely surprised at how long they have played with these and how durable they are. All of the Lamaze products we have purchased have been great fun and great quality.
I really love this activity for my kids and felt that, at almost three years old, it was the perfect age to introduce this to them! My kids always got so excited to look for our elf in the morning and kept asking throughout the day why he was trying to get out the door or why he was hanging from the Christmas tree. I was also very impressed with how well my kids listened to the rule and they never touched him. Whenever they started acting up, I would tell them our elf is watching and we don't want him to have to report any naughty behavior to Santa. It didn't always work but hey, I tried. Overall, I think this is a great activity for families and I felt it was very reasonably priced for the amount of fun we had. I highly recommend this to give your kids something to look forward to every morning during the Christmas season!
For the price, it would be hard to imagine a better deal.



853	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought based on reviews. This has become our family favorite game. Everyone, young and old can play (young for us is age 10) and we played over and over and over on our last vacation. This is a seriously awesome family game! I would say it's a great addition to anyone's family game selection.


3267	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	A money grab.  Game is horrible.
3969	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Extra dice for XWing game.

7095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The money looks so real! Sometimes when I find a random bill sitting out I get excited and consider pocketing it. The sounds it makes are responsible they will not drive you crazy like other cash register products I have had before.
5728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift, very simple to play.  Take a card, play a card.  Very easy to play and doesn't take that long.  If you like games this isn't a terrible choice.
At which point you may think, "why am I playing this instead of an actual RPG? I could use all the same bits, do all the same stuff, take just as much time, and have more options and more fun?"
5607	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A game for all ages. We have not actually played yet (life has gotten in the way) but the cars are amazing and the game concept is great. Will be a perfect couples family game.!
9883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good value for what you  get.  Pieces seem strong and durable, but 2 or 3 of them are slightly damaged.  It's like corners were broken off on original cut or something, but they're all smooth and don't really affect the logs or the building fun.  If I could rate 4 1/2 stars I'd have done that because the "damage" really isn't much, but still warrants a non 5-star rating.  Other than that, they're just like the classic lincoln logs so no big surprises.  Value seems really good to me, compared with other logs and also compared with what you'd get for this price when buying some legos.

8230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-RCA9G5K159UT4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/9130UCybFsS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81U6tnC4iWS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">After reading multiple reviews, I decided to buy this version of mousetrap (as opposed to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Elefun-and-Friends-Mouse-Trap/dp/B00EDBZ59I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Elefun and Friends Mouse Trap</a>), since it seems to be better quality.
835	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game, but the cards are way too small! and difficult to hold.  Why couldn't they just make them standard playing card size?!  Had to buy the larger cards in the expansion pack, and frustrated that I had to spend extra money for this.


I consider the REMO Kid's percussion drums to be a great investment and can't wait to add more to our collection.
6340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love pirates, or Johnny Depp as "Jack Sparrow", you are going to love this. When he talks it is the real Johnny, speaking lines directly from the movie. Everything is beautifully made, from the top of his leather hat, to his leather coat, leather weapon strap, leather belt, down to his leather boots, he is well crafted. He comes loaded with all his weapons(sword and pistol), his compass and of course, his bottle of rum. His hair and all his features are wonderfully crafted. His arms and head move, and there is a small switch, well hidden from sight on his back to turn his voice on and off. This is truly a great gift for all pirate lovers of all ages.
The game is fairly flexible in terms of the number of players it can accommodate, but somewhere between 3-5 is probably best. If you stick to those numbers, a game will usually take around 30-45 minutes.


Cons:

4152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	With the holidays coming I've been trying to find a great gift for a couple that the hubs and I are friends with. As it happens we are all MTG players and GoT fans so I was hoping having the opp to review this would help me decide if I wanted to purchase this for them. The gameplay seems to be in the same realm as MTG but I love that this game doesn't become a money pit in the same manner. The cards are gorgeous, making this lovely from the collector side. All in all, I like it a lot and I think it's exactly the thing I was looking to purchase for my friends.
Recommended for: family game night, strategy enthusiasts, families with children ages 8+, train enthusiasts, players looking for a longer game.
7250	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	When this item arrived it looked like it had been used.  I was skeptical but didn't want to hassle with a return.  I liked the idea that the cash register worked as a calculator, giving my preschoolers an opportunity to interact with numbers and math in a real way during their play.  The digital display is so faint that sometimes you can't even see the numbers on the screen.  The credit card slide beeps when you run the card into it, but it is barely audible.  I was immensely disappointed in these things, but kept the cash register so the students could still open and close the door, pretend, and handle the play money.  Now after just a few months the "open" button is no longer working.  This item had awesome reviews and I haven't found any of the key features to be worthwhile.  This wasn't worth the money and I even got it on sale.  I shoul dhave sent it back!
5425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is your typical scene it game.  It's pretty basic - you roll two dice.  One dice has just numbers on it and tells you how far to move and the other tells you what challenge you get.
OK game... better when used as a DnD or Descent expansion pack

The game is simple enough that the kids often win which makes the game more enjoyable for them.
8108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
Cards can be goals, ways to win the game. Items, things used to meet the goals, and therefore win the game. Rules, that can effect how the game is played, and lastly actions which can effect things in play, or player's hands directly.
9929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game for family play and friend entertainment. Highly recommend
9 out of 10
4901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 13 year old and 10 year old enjoy these dot to dots.  They are very challenging and keep them occupied for a while.
Gave it as Christmas gifts to special families this year.  COuld not determine if it was to ensure i could play at their house or so they could enjoy the game with their family.
3792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	He must like it because he's been in the living room with his friend for days now. He hasn't eaten. He hasn't slept. We haven't made love. I think he is nourished now only by strategy and fun.
Design (5 out of 5)
8088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product rates high with me. It has been one of the kids' favorite toys. We've had it since my daughter was 3, and she's now 5. Her 2 year sister is now getting into it too. It has fun sounds, credit card slot, receipt pad and large drawer to hold money. We've never had a problem with is durability - its been great quality.
2372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great fun board game, checkout board game geek for more reviews and opinions as well as to learn about many more games.
4382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My parents love this!
6584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. It keeps my daughter thinking. We have had it for a long time and she still enjoys playing with it regularly. I would highly recommend it.


4950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game!!! fun for all ages. my 6 year old plays and my 85 year old mother in law plays it with us.
Setup: A+
7193	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	gift
The idea is that a player receives one or more cards at the start of a game session, and the card(s) may be played to gain some sort of benefit once only such as an automatic hit with a raise or a guaranteed friendly and cooperative reaction from an NPC. Whether or not this appeals to you as a GM will depend on the flavor of game you are running.

PS Finally got that New Model for my Computer ^_--

This is a budget Scrabble set, you can tell by the price (around 15$ at the time of this review) that it is a basic set. Made mostly of plastics.  The board is about 25% smaller and doesn't fold.
2598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	They didn't quite stick as well as I thought.  But it did the job.
5191	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family really enjoys this game.  Its fun for all ages as my 7 and 9 year old enjoy it as do I.
3984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Unfortunately you'll probably need two sets of these to play the game effectively.
It is great for spatial skills, you have to be able to line up the gears with the opposing gears to make them connect and spin.  It allows you the opportunity to discuss magnetics as well.
9941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love doing this year after year.
7726	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a board game for crying out loud, the kids loved it.
9918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Caterpillars came in time as expected and all 5 survived. They are very lethargic for the first 2 days I even thought they were dead but they perked up. My son loved watching them grow!

Lords of Waterdeep is my favorite board game, and this just makes it all the better!
560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to Quiddler in Italy and I am hooked.  It is one of our favority family games. You must add it to your game collection.

8995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old grandson loved it and started playing it as soon as it came out of the box.  I bought one for another grandaughter 2 years ago and it is still okay despite the fact that she used it as a stool for reaching things on the counter......Apparently, this drum is tough.  I would definitely recommend it.
7877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This cash register was the ideal gift for my 5yr old son.  it really had helped him recognize how money works.  and he learns simple math skills at the same time

2527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I loved the concept of this newest scrabble version.  The tile game board is great and keeps your game from getting messed up if you accidentally push the board around.  My only comment is that I wished the tiles actually locked in, as the name suggests,  really the game board just sets the tile in place, it doesn't actually "lock" in.  I was hoping that the tiles would snap in place but besides that the board is more secure than previous versions.
You roll different dice depending on what gear you are in.  The more you go up in gears, the larger the number range you can roll.  Based on the number, you move forward that many spaces.  So you may think, "Whoop de do, I'll just blast through the course."  They have solved that by requiring you to have you car end a turn a certain number if times in a turn on the track.  So  you come barreling in in 4th gear you are most likely going to overshoot the turn and the your car will suffer damage.  Too much damage and poof!, you are out.
The pieces to this game are wooden rather than plastic, which makes for a nice feel to the tiles -- though this does mean the tiles can chip and lose paint easily, so you might want to take care of this game if you want it to last awhile.  It also comes with a cloth bag for storing the pieces.  It doesn't come with a score sheet, but a simple pencil and paper can solve this.
 Learning Curve
Each player starts with two cards. They draw one card from the draw pile or discard pile and then discard to end their turn. This continues until one player can use all of their cards to form a word and still discard a card to go out. Once a player goes out, each other player has one more turn to try to make a word and go out as well. After the round ends, the players words are scored with their point chips and a new round begins. Each round from here out will change by one card. In other words, the next round, each player starts with three cards, then four, then five etc.until the final round of seven cards to start with.
5060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you enjoy strategy games this one is a fun game to play! I do enjoy strategy games so it is fun fore me to try to reason out how to get the most points with each turn. The instructions are easy to understand. And the blocks are sturdy and the colors are vibrant. The only thing that I would say is that the orange and the red can easily be missed up, but that wasn't a huge issue. I just needed to double check what I was playing down. I would highly recommend this game!
I'd recommend for folks who like the idea of these sorts of games but who don't have a lot of experience with them (might be fun for folks with a lot of experience, too, I just don't know. Great price, great art on the cards, fun game play. Glad I took a chance and bought it.
2309	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	As the picture shows the doll and the book you would think that both would be included in the set.  I read the reviews and a few said that they received both and a few said that they did not.  I received only the book and will be returning it.
But it's not home free for the winner yet! The other players now inspect his or her hand for misspelled or incorrect words. (You can't use proper nouns like names, and we recommend using a print or online dictionary to keep things fair).
2139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Okay, my title might be a bit confusing.  I will get back to that.  My neice and nephews came over on New Year's Day and I brought this out after everyone finished eating and carrying on.  They all loved it, but it would probably be better to bring out in the beginning of a party or get-together so you don't necessarily think it's someone trying to get you to do something solely for the game.  For instance, if you are trying to get a person to say "no" to getting you a drink.  You ask them without having them realize that it is the game that you are playing.  Thus, if you are carrying on and talking, one might think you really do want them to get it for you.  I hope I made that clear enough.  So just "play" it while you are chatting and not an intense "game".  They all loved it though.
3507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for myself to begin to learn the game. I'll continue to use it every single time I introduce someone to the game as well. I already got more than my moneys worth, and it'll only go on with continued use.
5489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	You need to be an expert to know the answers to the questions. It is fun with very knowledgeable players. The Cash Cab board game was way too easy so it was not fun. It is better to be really hard than really easy
====================================================
My son is young enough not to know what I am reading anyway so I just kind of made up a story as I went along.
5864	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really like this and it is challenging.  However many wrote how they liked using the Sharpie Utlra Fine pens, so I got the 24 pack since Mindwave has a 24 pack but read the reviews for them and and glad I got the Sharpie's but NO color names on the pens :(.  And would have given this five stars but you only need about 9-10 colors!!  They do give you empty pages of ones you have done previous with the numbers, so you can be really creative by yourself.  Maybe, but PLEASE Mindwave do books with far more colors!!  Like to match your pen set or equal?!
1143	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game
(1) General Jan Dodonna, a unique 6 point upgrade that allows friendly ships within range one to change one regular hit results to a crit.
5041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking at games for our family since now our youngest two are finally old enough to play. We live on an acreage in Minnesota and so having things to help pass the time during long cold winters is a must. My daughter is in kindergarten and I thought this would be great for her and my preschooler to learn spacial reasoning, patterns, matching etc. this is also one of the games recommended for the elderly and Alzheimer's which is what I do. We have played this a couple times and the kids love it. My daughter who just turned 4 can easily follow along. The pieces are durable and excellent quality. The colors are vibrant. They love uno type games where game play is matching so this is great. We just play the game at this point with out keeping score and the kids love it. I loved Rummikub when I was young and this is similar. A good introduction to that. Definitely a good purchase for us. It is also great to have games that isn't parent torture that the kids enjoy and want to play.
6307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute, my son was happy :)


2-4 People: each player takes 21 letters.
1948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun family tradition.  I didn't want to spend the $30 but finally bit the bullet and did and we had so much fun.  I cannot wait for the elf to come back for years to come at Christmas time.
3366	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you enjoyed this dice-infused worker placement game, this expansion adds five new "modules" to mix in to your base game. Larger building boards, alternate building rows, unique roles, yearly condition cards, and non-random winter army chips make this game customizable and ensures a varied game each time. The new buildings and cards especially help keep the game fresh once you find all the different strategies in the base game. Notably there is no board extension, no more dice, and no more monster cards but that doesn't hurt the expansion at all.
1996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so much fun for the kids around the holidays.  Our kids have named our Chippy and they look forward to finding him each and every morning.  We love it!
5605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game silly and frustrating but entertaining to play. Something unlike any other game I've played.
8401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The premise here is silly, but slyly educational. Your children will learn dexterity, patience, and a little bit about biology.
6815	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game
5958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Received game in ample time and it was great quality .
The rulebook for this game is very pretty to look at.  Each page is printed in glossy color.  There are tons of great pictures including how to set up the game.  Everything is easy to read and understand without any problems.  Each of the roles and actions are defined in great detail.  There is even a glossary of certain terms that are used in this game.  Also included are some game play variants which are for extended 3 player games and the learning game for new players.  I think that the best part though has to be the last page which shows a quick reference guide for all the technologies available in the game.  It really shows off the beauty of these cards.  I really love the look and feel of the book and find it to be as high quality as the components.
7247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Kids Christmas gift, they enjoy it
The Gruumsh command pack is Orc themed and includes the deadly ogre.  I always hate facing this beast on the battlefield, because he is extremely lethal when combined with Vorpal Blade card.  YIKES!  My son owns this pack and battle my undead warriors.  It's always a good match!  As long as I can do enough damage to the Ogre before my Dracolith is killed, I usually prevail.  However, if his Ogre sticks around too long, the undead tend to go to their second graves!
grandchild sing.
I also enjoy the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ticket-to-Ride-Switzerland-Map-Expansion/dp/B000WTDUZ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ticket to Ride Switzerland Map Expansion</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Days-of-Wonder-Ticket-to-Ride-Nordic-Countries-Board-Game/dp/B001E9641K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Days of Wonder Ticket to Ride: Nordic Countries Board Game</a>. Both Switzerland and Nordic Countries are designed for only 2-3 players, unlike the usual 2-5) so they are great options for smaller groups. They also offer the two most challenging maps.  Unfortunately, Switzerland is out-of-print and online sellers are charging a fortune for it.  You can play it and the USA and Europe versions online, however, for a much more reasonable cost (live opponents or vs. the computer).  I've played the online version almost 1,000 times since August 2010 but I still love playing the board games.  They are my favorite board games of all time!
7458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning tool!
5707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game offers a unique experience to gamers of all levels.
Easy to keep score, easy to follow and remember the rules, this game has staying power and will be a go-to for game night for kids as young as 6 and up!
3388	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great!
464	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game!
3363	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The main game, Kingsburg was somewhat underwhelming. This expansion actually makes the game much more deep and interesting. The fact that it adds modules that you can choose to add or not greatly improves the re playability. Highly recommended, and indispensable if you own the main game.
I will definitely be using Pet Promise from here on out. My only problem is that now I have to find a soft/wet food that *will* interest the cats, because our vet believes that they need the extra moisture in their diet. We tried the Pet Promise wet food, in the thought that if the dry food was addictive, then the wet food would be too, but they were totally uninterested and often leave the wet food untouched. So it's back to the pet store on that front, but I'm happy to know that the bulk of their diet is safe and healthy for them.

Some things to note about this game:
What saves this from 1 start s that the board is printed correctly, unlike another reviewers board.
A lot of people ask me why I think this game is so great and almost always I point to the asymmetrical play between the Corp and Runner players.  Both sides work off separate mechanics and there is a constant sense of mystery of what lies ahead as the Corp player plays and discards many of their cards face down.  This opens up a lot of player skill in bluffing (for the Corp) and deductive reasoning (for the Runner).  Most games will come down to mathematical fact in the end but the journey to get there is filled with ups and downs as each card is exposed.
5349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this for our kids but we ended up playing ourselves.  The kids get the idea, but the strategy is beyond them (the older is 6, younger is 3).  For them, they just match the colors/shapes while the adults really try to max out points.  Easy to learn, quick game, fun for everyone.
6379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This lunchbox is well-made and unique! How often do you find a Curious George lunchbox! A great addition to my collection of lunchboxes which I actually use too!
8965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandson is a builder and the whirlly-gigs add to the base set.  Encourages him to think and break away from the video games.
Roll again? (ooh! First decision!)
5093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game wish I could find more friends to play with :)
7169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game with a lot of people. Very quick.
Anyways, still the great game it's always been, with some new and (mostly) better additions!  Two thumbs way up.
5577	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Fun theme. Poor "game."
-board modules mix up the kind of map you'll be playing with
181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids love solving these bright and colorful puzzles!
5473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My friends and I are huge Twilight fans so we could not wait to play this game.  I previously purchased the New Moon boardgame which was dissapointing because the questions were really easy and the game was not all that fun - so we were really hoping that Scene It would fullfil our desire for a fun Twilight Game - which it totally did!  The game plays like a typical Scene It game with both DVD questions and questions on the card.  There are two dice included - one with numebers and one with pictures of the different challeges.  It can also be played on half of a board - or you can expand the board for more players and depending on the amount of time that you have.  The only complaint that I have about the game is the board itself - it is flimsy and did not unfold into a flat position so the game pieces would not stand up.
9217	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son and grandson thought this was really neat and were looking forward to  a rocket project together.
8655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This sphere is a lot of fun. I use it with my son when he needs to calm down a little.  We work on breathing exercises with it.
5843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids think these are the greatest puzzles ever. They love the complexity and enjoy doing them to see the finished picture.
6669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this game when my son was exactly 3.5 years. I believe he is a smart boy (which father doesn't?) and he is into puzzles, so I decided to give it a try even it says from 8 years old. It has quickly become one of the games I enjoy the most playing with him. If you want to give it a try with a toddler, I recommend this:
-excelent combat system

3626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	amazingly well made with great details

In the past month we've been playing the other games that required the 15 text sentence cards; these feel a lot more like the *I Spy* books. While fun, I feel as though the games that require the text sentence cards can only be played a certain number of times before the challenge has become nearly entirely diminished. This is similar to the *I Spy* books, in that once you find the items you're spying for, the more often you read the book, the less challenging (and thus less satisfying) it becomes.
The game is played by each player entering the dungeon exactly 3 times to seek glory, treasure, and to gain experience points.  The winner of the game will be the one with the most experience points once everyone has tried their hand at the dungeon 3 times.
2582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a present for my daughters 11th birthday.  According to my daughter  she really likes the book and activities. My daughter loves art, drawing, and coloring and she said she really likes everything about this particular coloring and  activity pad.
1991	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I Love the idea of this but didn't like the story. We will do the elf with our own version of the story without the naughty or nice aspect. I am not comfortable telling my child that santa will not come if he is "naughty". We will encourage striving for the "nice" behavior without threats. Is there really any parent out there who would actaully follow through with withholding presents in the case of undesirable behavior? I really hope not so why make the threat. Think intrinsic motivation not extrinsic...
The rules roughly follow the 4.0 version of the Dungeons and Dragons rules. You have daily, utility and at-will powers. Swinging a sword is at-will, blasting something with a powerful fireball is daily.
The map's changed a bit from when I was younger, and has different character/monster designs on it, but it's still cute. The player pieces are little gingerbread men in 4 colors (red, green, blue and yellow), and you get a good number of cards to play with. We usually only went through about half of the cards when playing, but you can always shuffle the used pile and start again if you run out. The main feature of this edition here is that it comes in a 'book'. The map, gingerbread pieces and cards are stored in a plastic tray within the book, which is a hard plastic case. The image on the front slides off, revealing the game, and you unfold the map. It's a really cool way to store the game, and more practical than the huge boxes a lot of board games come in. My only minor complaint is that the map -needs- to be on a flat surface since it's folded into 6 sections, but not entirely connected. If you lay it on a bed or couch, the board will probably be lopsided on one of the folds. But hey, the instructions do say to lay it on a flat surface, but sometimes you have to improvise.

7189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super excited to get this edition, seeing as those token pieces are heavy duty plastic and not the flimsy cardboard ones you find at Wal-Mart.
9478	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have played it only a few times.  I bought this game for my 5 year old son with not so good memory to practice it.  We do many varieties of memory games as long as my son loves it.  This memory type game was a hit with all 3 of my children: ages 11, 8, and 5.  They played it many times and we've had it only for 2 days :).  The only bad thing I have to say is it's durability.  Board is good, but the little cards are the type you punch out, they have little nobs on sides and cards are thin.  To make this game last longer I glued all cards onto cork lining with an adhesive backing.  It works great, cards will last longer this way.


So much to do with him :)
6453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love playing the game.  It is a fun game as well as educational.
4909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our new FAVORITE game! Get it, you'll love it!
I highly recommend you give this a try, especially if you are looking for something new to play on family game night.
RATING!
6969	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you love strategy games this is the best thing after chess. And this game, unlike chess, is easy to learn (Altough it will take time to master). This is one of the best two player games you can find.  Once you start you will not want to put this game away. All you have to do is setup your army in a way that you can protect your flag while trying to capture your oponent's. Higher ranking soldiers capture weaker ones. It's that simple. Once you master this game you will want to try the four player Stratego. And if you really like a challenge you must get the Fantasy Stratego. There is also the Star Wars version... Well I will not bore anymore. Just buy this game, you will not be sorry.
3528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These have been a favorite and a life saver during church.  I love that there are so many of them in the pack.  I take a sheet or two with us, along with some free coloring pages from the internet and my toddlers are quite content to decorate with them.  They are also cute enough that I want to make a matching game with them.
8625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We were looking for a quick game that we could play on game nights between longer sessions.  This fits in just perfectly.  The game has very simple rules (the lowest score wins), and it is player ended (first person that believes they have the lowest score, says "Rat a tat cat" and brings the game to it's final round).  It goes by quick.  A game can last anywhere from 60 seconds to a couple of minutes, especially once you get the rules down, cards are flying.  Everyone seems to enjoy it too, all age groups, and the strategy and counting aspect is simple enough that my 5 year old can play without assistance, and often beats the adults!
8595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it
1135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game!
9121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quality little drum for tots who love noise!

5421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The first time we played this game with my 7 and 10 year old daughter they didn't like it and were easily distracted.  We played it the next day and they really thought it was fun.  The math from adding who was winning was easy for each girl and after everyone had a couple of turns we stopped and had the kids add up who was ahead.  You definitely need an adult to explain it the first few times but after that they get the idea.  I like where it takes them and would recommend it to other families.
This is the original version, not the new version and I couldn't be happier.

8187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my kids for Christmas. I knew I wanted to get the classic version from the beginning, and i'm glad I did. It is so much better. Tue new version is too easy. The holes are bigger and the pieces are bigger. Not to mention, the pieces are weird items like a cellphone and frog. Also, the new version doesn't come with the cards or money the classic one does. I highly suggest if you're looking into getting the Operation game, that you get the Classic version. My only complaint is that the game itself is very light weight. So when it buzzes, the whole thing moves a bit. I don't remember it being like that when I was a kid, but maybe it was. All in all, this is a very fun game. We all love to play it. Both of my kids can play, ages 3 & 6.
1633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love love it and my boys love it to.
If you are looking at ticket to ride games, start with either this or the European version.
Compliments the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plan-toys-Victorian-Dollhouse/dp/B001RRWWB0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plan toys Victorian Dollhouse</a>&nbsp;beautifully as well as the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plan-Toy-Doll-House-Doll-Family/dp/B0001VVB9C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plan Toy Doll House Doll Family</a>!
8152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Finally an old school version of Mouse Trap. That new version they are peddling at big box stores is a joke!
7805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a favorite game for my children ( they are now adults). This version seemed to be more complicated than the earlier version. But we played this with my 3 year old grand daughter, and she had so much fun, I'm giving it 5 stars.
3641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift.  The recipient was very pleased.
Overall a great car!
We found the rules to be absurdly complex.  We also found that playing by the rules was not much fun.
2487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this game and the box it came in is smaller than the typical board, as are the tiles. This means less storage space and also that when we leave a game and come back to it we need less space to put the incomplete game. the board isin one piece and doesnt fold, and that combined with the locking tiles makes it perfect for long running games and thus perfect for my needs. and the price was great. i am pleased with my purchase!
Gear 2 (orange): 2-4
Cons: Can have a slow ramp up for newbies, luck elements, game length is variable (2 mins - 20 mins)
354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love these expansions. Undermountain contains many big epic quests with high rewards, and encourages generosity when it requires you to place pieces around the board.
7045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I teach Kindergarten. My students have been begging me for a cash register forever. I recommend this one. The buttons make a slight beeping noise (but not enough to annoy the teacher, lol) so it sounds real. The card "slides" but no actually sound is made. It's just a plain slot. The money is a good replica of the real thing and the coins are nice too. It has held up so far. It also comes with a small notepad. My students have enjoyed it. I would buy it again. It's sturdy.
8271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son wanted the original mousetrap and not the newer junior type version popular in stores. This game is just as I remember it! All pieces were included and instructions clear for setup. For some reason it's easiest to assemble it the first time but my 6 year old thinks putting it all together is half the fun!

9789	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice building logs. Better quality and heft than most of the others available. We had a different set (the classic brand you think of when you think of building logs) and they were lightweight. Structures constantly toppled. This are what you want to buy - they hold up to play, structures are stable and well thought out. Would definitely buy more to expand the creative potential !
1933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love the Elf on the Shelf! - This name is Umi.
9535	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this because I remember wanting one when I was younger - and I thought it would be better than flash cards since- flash cards tend to go missing or bend and tear. However, the writing on this toy runs off over time from the oil from fingers. I had to re-write a few and put clear tape ontop to keep it from rubbing off. I only had it for less than a month and I had hoped it would last longer.
1172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite games!  We play this all the time with friends - it's quick to learn and not super complicated.  Older children - probably 9 or above - would be find learning to play as well.


6373	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect addition to the Curious George Tea Set.
The best part of the game is the tension. Sometimes, especially if you're playing the evil corporation, the tension can get so high that you'll actually feel your heart race as you hope the other player doesn't exploit a weakness. This feeling comes from the fact that you will have hidden information from that player, and he must do his best to prepare before venturing into the unknown. I've found that as the hacker you tend to feel this level of tension less, but you'll still have a lot of fun.
9912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The garden is very nice and will keep all the butterflies very happy as you watch the process.
5240	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game can be simple when played by children or those not very analytical, or it can be really challenging if you use every possible combination of "what works where".
There are 5 years (8 phases each) in the game. During the 8th phase of each year, there is a battle. Players must defend the kingdom from the kingdom's enemies (goblins, orcs, barbarians, etc). If the player's battle total from soldiers, buildings and the king's aid is greater than the enemy's total, the player is successful, else the enemy wins. It is possible (and quite probable) that some players will be successful while others will be unsuccessful. Those who are unsuccessful are sacked by the enemy, losing the appropriate buildings or resouces listed on the enemy card. Those who are successful gain the booty listed on the enemy card. After 5 years, the game ends and the player with the highest victory point wins.
2514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The board is smaller than the regular game. The tiles smaller as well. But it works well. They aren't going to hang tight on to the board in the back seat of a minivan rolling down the interstate--the tile lock is not tight. But it would keep letters from flying everywhere when someone jostles the board.
It's a game that can be taught within 30-seconds to anyone new...whether they are a table top gamer or not.
5385	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this for our 7 year old daughter this past Christmas and she loves it!  In fact, we all love this game.  It took her a few games to realize the strategy part of it, but now that she's figured that out, she seriously kicks butt playing this!  She absolutely loves to yell "Qwirkle" and has become rather skilled at getting them!  She asks to play this game every day.  Even my {almost} two year old enjoys sitting and matching the shapes and colors {with supervision of course}.  We had our neighbors over one evening and they and their eight year old loved it so much they went out and bought it the next day.  It's no wonder this game has received its awards and excellent rating ... This truly is a fun and educational game for ALL ages. If your family is into playing games, other than video, I highly recommend getting Qwirkle.
6383	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	While this is a cute tin box (and I used it to hold mini-muffins at at baby shower), it isn't meant to be used.  Would look cute as a decoration in a baby's room or to hold all those crayon's for an older child.
4886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8 year old grandaughter and myself love it. Easy to learn & play.
6194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was durable and all the boys loved it! I even bought another as a birthday present.
As with all expansions, this one includes all tokens, dials, etc. that you need to use this ship in a game (though a copy of the base set is still needed to play).
Okay, I will start by saying that these cards are going to be beneficial only to one runner faction (Shaper) and one corp faction (Haas-Bioroid). There are nine neutral cards in this expansion, but the other 46 are shared between those two factions. Of course the expansion includes three copies of each card for 165 total. And for the price, this is a definite bargain. Each faction gets THREE new identities and lots of essential cards. Here is a full list:
9120	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is sturdy. It can take a beating with the drum sticks. I would get more than one kind of drum though. Otherwise, its just kind of like noise.
Once you get used to the way the game plays you can utilize some of the alternate rules that change the ultimate quest in the game or you can purchase expansions for the game. These expansions are what keep the game fresh and exciting to play. The expansions are not part of the base set but are available for separate purchase.
6338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this action figure last week, and as I have said in other reviews, I love it. I took Captain Jack out of the box, as I have three action figures in the box. First of all, he is highly detailed, as are the others. He is easy to pose, and his pistol is removable. There is only one thing that is disappointing, and that is, it is NOT Johnny Depp's voice. Although it is a very good likeness. I still do not know why Johnny's voice or voice chip cannot be in the action figure. Perhaps it is because of copyright issues, or that there is too much back round noise in the POTC movies. But, if that doesn't disappoint you too much, then this action figure is a must.
2407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute, soft toy that kids love to sleep with. The book was really good too.
5313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Qwirkle is a very simple, yet very fun game!  Kind of like a cross between matching and dominoes.  What I really like is that you can play it with almost any number of players, and even relatively young children (such as my six-year-old) can play competitively.
9877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun
As to be expected from GoT, this is a game of conflict and intrigue.  It does take a while to pick up the flow, expect the first few games to run long.  The mechanics are not that complex but there is a lot to learn initially and it takes actually playing to get a good sense of the card interactions.  Spending some extra time with the rulebook is well worth it.
And:
3504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tabletop RPGs were this big scary world to me. I didn't know what to expect. I thought it was going to be a little weird. As I learned more, I became more and more excited and started to look for a place to begin. I settled on this and was not disappointed.
====================================================
2964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super useful, can hold a lot of stuff, and the Blooming Romance pattern is very pretty.
8052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids love it
1153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game.
1003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Okay, if you like Forbidden Dessert, then this is my second pick.  Great game and the more people that play, the more challenging it becomes.  A must have.
693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great tool for the kids to learn about money and spending concepts.
6066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I grabbed a copy of Formula D having no idea what to really expect.
Then we waited and waited.
1947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these when I was a kid.  Although, I think the marketing campaign for them has been amped up a bit since I was young.  I can't wait to get him out again next Christmas!
2021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	2012 was the first year for my husband and I to introduce "Gumdrop" to our girls. My soon-to-be 4 year old keeps asking when Gumdrop is coming back to visit. This was an awesome little Christmas tradition I'm so thrilled to be starting with my 3 girls. In the book there is a spot to write when you adopted your Elf and their name!
9763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Item works well. Easy to set up and keeps the bugs off my daughter.
2441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Scrabble board is very light weight. Easy to bump  and mix up tiles, makes it hard to move the tiles around on the board. Still works fine and is a fun game!
3302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your thinking about getting into more challenging games, that are more in depth than your standard monopolies and scrabbles, but your not quite ready for the deep end, this is a great game to start with.
9858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this for the kids (3.5 and 8 months) for Christmas, but I don't know who enjoyed it more: Uncle Phillip, the cat, or the kids. It was rolled in, jumped on, worn, clawed, and chewed on. It's durable and easy to collapse. It's fun to pop it out when the kids are bored and then put it right away before bed.
965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	possibly the best family game for 3+ ever made !
4701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cool and better than advertised. My 15 year old loved it.
4509	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I've played Bananagrams with my family for years and loved it- now that my husband and I are on our own I wanted to get a set for us for Christmas- I ordered from Amazon and just received it and I am dismayed to find that I got a counterfeit set- I didn't read the reviews before purchasing because I knew I liked the product, but I feel let down that Amazon let sellers sell a counterfeit item.  I feel like I'm going to pay more in shipping to return it than I paid for the item to myself. Such a waste of money- the tiles are cheap plastic (probably made in china with all sorts of chemicals in them), hollow on the back and the printing of the letters is horrible. I am so very disappointed right now.
Arkham Horror is a cooperative board game for 1-8 players. It was originally published during the eighties, and this new edition is truly a reworking of that game in every sense of the word (while the original was fun, this one looks like Fantasy Flight Games took twenty years of play testing notes and really did the work right). The players take on the roles of investigators, which are each well-developed characters in the RPG sense of the word with excellent back stories, in the Lovecraftian staple town of Arkham, Massachusetts, during the roaring twenties while something dark and sinister is happening. Of course, it is up to the investigators to, well, investigate the strange goings-on in the town and eventually battle back the other-worldly forces and destroy the Great Old One that is at their crux. The players interact with each other, collect clues, travel through the many districts of Arkham (and beyond!), and have encounters with Mythos beasties. Finally, they may have to actually fight the Great Old One in a winner-take-all end-game battle royale! What more could you want?
5718	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son-in-law is building his game collection and requested this. He was excited to play it during the Christmas holidays
1095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game, my friends are I are addicted to it.
5411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought 3 of the Qwirkle games for my grandchildren for their birthdays because I've played it and found it very fun and educational.  So far I have got one response that they have played it and liked it.

9650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great tent, perfect for beach and outdoor grass areas. Great size for babies and toddlers. Love the small bag in comes with, didn't know it would be so light weight and portable. I'm totally recommending this :D
1440	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After watching Wil Wheaton's show Table Top on youtube I got very excited about playing this game with my family. I recieved it as a gift for Christmas and we emediately opened it up and started playing.
2841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this to go along with all of the Llama Llama stories we own. My toddler loves to hold onto Llama Llama while we read the different stories. The quality of this Llama Llama is great. It has been washed multiple time and has held up nicely, no stiches have loosened and Llama Llama's little attached toy is still attached! Great purchase and great quality!
1180	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Once we played the game we were hooked. Fun for 2-5 players, which is great because it's hard to find games that are fun for 2. Takes less than an hour for my husband and I to play a game. Our family has played it at least a dozen times since Christmas---still fun. Highly recommend it for ages 8 to adult.
Is it hard to learn? Yes and no. These rules are complicated at first, and the book is a beast; I don't find it very well organized but I'm sure some people would disagree. I tried to explain the rules from the book to five other players, but didn't have adequate prep time to figure out the best way to do it. If you are struggling with the rules make everyone in your group search youtube for this video: "A Game of Thrones: The Board Game (2nd Edition) Complete Tutorial" yes it's 20+ minutes, so we ordered a pizza and watched while we ate. At the end of the video, we had a good enough grasp to play and grab the rulebook sparingly for clarification.

6972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I read several reviews before buying. Not sure why I agonized so much over a play cash register, but nonetheless...  this is what I expected after reading them.  It only has 3 drawers for money but not really a deal breaker.  Both the paper and coin money that come with it are decent for play.  It's nice that it is a calculator, and I have not had any of the problems that some people have with it being solar powered.  As long as a light is on in the room, it works just fine.  And yes, the drawer does come flying out but again - not a deal breaker, it's just a toy cash register.  My son likes it and plays with it, so that's what really  matters with a toy, right?
1670	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this set and the video for a gift for someone and it was a huge success, the perfect gift!
4657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great toy
One problem with it's skew towards the youngsters is that it does need someone old enough to read to play along... and older kids would likely be bored.  One thing you could try, which my kids often do with other Scene It games when the rest of the family isn't up for a full game, is to just sit, without the board, and constantly play the 'my play' or 'all play' video clips and compete to see who can get the answer first.  That's an easy short way to enjoy the game.
8881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cat's pajama! My 4 year old received this for Christmas and loves it. Still plays with it off and on without prompting. Uses hands and the mallets that came with it. Solid construction as you would expect from the drum maker Remo. Good solid product.
There's a section which forms a gazetteer of Weird Chicago, the setting of the Dresden Files books (or at least, where Dresden lives and where the stories usually start). Even if you plan on not running your game in Weird Chicago, this section will be valuable in seeing what sort of things you'll have to bring to the table when you make Weird Sheboygan or (as I did for a convention recently) Weird Plainview, Weird New York. (Some might argue I cheated because New York is already weird to start with.)
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
2814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephew is about to turn 2 and he loves these books.  I can't wait until he sees this, he's going to love it!  Very cute and the books are neat too.  This kid can count to 4 already because of Pete's buttons!
7073	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Broken when I opened it ... "Open" button is jammed after 5 minutes out of the box. Disappointing present for my 3 year old!
4969	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I wish I knew what I was missing my 15-year old daughter and I played this once and we were bored by how easy it was. But there are so many high rated reviews! What are we missing????
3782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	While I love truly balanced games, asymmetrical games can be very fun as well, and that's what Netrunner is. One player plays a megacorporation trying to score agenda points and/or kill the pesky runner, played by the other player, who is trying to hack into the corporation's servers and cause as much damage as he can while attempting to steal corp agenda. This game is strictly limited to TWO players as a result. The rulebook does a fairly good job of explaining things, and includes a helpful flow of play diagram on the back which you will probably want to leave face up the first couple of times you play. The quality of components is high as well; sleeves will likely be required if you care about keeping the cards in good condition, but this is true of most any card game. The tokens are made of very thick cardstock and will keep for a long time. Also, if you like to punch things out, congrats, you're in luck when opening this box! While there are enough baggies included to both sequester all of the tokens, and initially separate the corp/runner cards, you will probably want to invest in something else to store the cards. This is doubly true if you are interested in building different decks. That being said, the box is more than large enough to both accommodate not only the included cards, but also cards you may purchase in the future. You will just probably need to get a little creative as the included cardboard support can probably only hold about double the cards you're initially supplied with (if you removed it you could fit about 5 times that many, but they'd be free to fly around inside).
6651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 4 year old daughter loves this game and it keeps her busy for hours. She has completed almost every puzzle but I love how it is forcing her to think critically and is keeping her dedicated at the task.
I highly recommend the game.  It's great.

7990	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This game is sadistic. I'm fairly sure that is does more to desensitize players to death than to actually inspire us become surgeons when we grow up.
THe paint schemes were very nice and refreshing. The black sun logo on them was a nice touch.
432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Monopoly is fun, but it takes FOREVER to play, those trivia games are too hard for the kids, Dad can't even draw a stick figure, let alone play Pictionary, and you don't want to spend an hour just setting up an elaborate game and reading the instructions.
"Deckbuilding is too simplistic."  Yes and no.  I understand why someone could misconstrue this.  To build a deck, instead of figuring out every card you do and do not need, and how many to add, you just select ten objectives and put all the included cards with each objective in your command deck.  This is simpler on one hand because you  can build a deck super easy.  10 picks and you're done!  But on the other hand it's really not simple.  To build a truly good deck you really need to weigh how important the set really is.  Is it worth it to get the chud units just to get the great ones?  How many units are too few?  Too many enhancements?  Lots to think about as far as deckbuilding goes.  Different to get used to, but exciting once you get the hang of it!

Here are all the decisions available to players of Dungeon Roll:
1324	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great family game as well as a competitive game. Each game takes about 45 minutes which is great.
7296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very nice cash register, hard plastic good for little ones


Pathfinder: A similar number of double paged character sheets, with listed skills, as well as plenty of room for spells, equipment, and abilities.  Also included a four pregenerated character sheets, containing two double sided pages that describe the basic functions and options for each character.  This makes it even easier to just jump into a game, even when a couple players don't know all of the rules yet.

9645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Must have these pieces to add to the wooden railway.


4124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good. Adds more cards. The bad thing is that has only one ancient one.
4082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm collector and I also play with this items. I did not like the packing that was used because the box was too small for the height of the item. The item was bent when it arrived do to the tight box. I like the item just poor packaging
Then we have the smaller items.  I think that the CC small accessories and details are too much fun, but I don't think I would pay extra for them, because the reality in my house is that they tend to get lost.  That said, I am pleased with all the cute, small things in this set, because the price isn't as high as many of the other sets.  The tiny items include things for tea (teapot with lid, plates, cups and eensy-weensy spoons, a small picture frame to set on the bookcase, clock and letter basket.  There is a paper sheet that has 3 magazines (with pages) to punch out and fold together, and a sticker sheet with the clock face, 2 choices of photos for the frame, 4 letters for the letter basket, and 4 pictures for the wall frame.
6850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband recieved this for Christmas and really enjoys the challenges. I think they are 40 levels (we are up to 13) and have found those beyond 10 to be a little challenge. Our 5 year old can do the beginner levels with a little guidance...and it is fun for her and her 3 year old brother just to set the board up trying to match the images on the card.
1831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this. Product just as expected and very fun. How did people ever come up with clever ideas before pinterest? This has been a great addition to our family christmas traditions.
I have an orginal elf from the late 50's..much better quality

8510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandkids love it.  Not challenging for older kids though.
8006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This cash register is a good toy to re-enact a store.


4447	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and portable game.
2 6 inch tall tires.
9195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to get my 8 year old Gson something other than toys for Christmas.  This rocket will do the trick.  He also loves science, so I'm sure it will get many uses "outside".  LOL
5702	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The basic game called "Fluxx" is as simple as 'Draw a card, then play a card.' From there, everything gets crazy. Some cards played alter the rules, change the victory conditions, or even add new game play elements. It's an easy game to learn, but since the rules change often, player need to be able to pay attention.
8603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun
6426	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Granddaughter loved it
4128	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The 2 year old went bonkers over this. The 8 and 12 year old snuck in and did a few pages too. Perfect for small kids who can't be trusted with markers but really want to use them. Especially great for car rides.
2199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this game at home during family fun night.  Players range from ages 6-60.  I also play this game for my monthly ladies game night.  Everyone enjoys it.  Looking forward to taking it on our 4th of July camping trip.

I highly recommend this game, but buy it on its own merits, not based on nostalgia.
It also brings an extra adventure, I haven't played it yet but its always good to have pre-made stories that you and your players can jump into without a single idea of whats to come.
Now for some things I like.
1643	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As expected

OVERALL SCORE: A- The game is a lot of fun, and holds up very well even after repeated plays.
There are cards needed for the special mechanics of the new scenarios, one of which does not use a keeper and in which the players may attack each other (this one can be played solo too). These cards are of the usual high standard we've come to expect from FFG.
* Long-lasting battery
8121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids loved it. Brings back memories.
Ticket to Ride is usually my first choice now to introduce non gamers to Euro-style games.  I have yet to meet anyone who didn't like playing Ticket to Ride.
9976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to put up, great for indoor play. My 1 year old son loved it when he received it, and still does 6 months later. My dogs also like to think of it as a big dog house. I sometimes remove the tunnel and collapse it to save space, so that's really a nice feature. It's a cute way to give the little ones a small space of their own while still being in the room with you. Also has helped some gross motor skills with crawling through the tunnel and learning to duck in and out of the front door. Would recommend to someone who has the space to have it inside in a play area.

9719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I found this to be a really great product. I would definitely recommend it to others, a very happy purchase.
I like the mechanic they used to encourage a little extra negotiation among the players; during one of the phases players draw and play intrigue cards, many of which are used to attack your opponents such as steal money from them, injure their gladiators, or lower their honor level (this game's victory points).  You need to have a certain honor level to play these cards though and are able to combine your honor level with supporting houses.

9119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful drum!  Great sound.
Title cards include:
9772	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Small World Toys Preschool Multiplication table long time ago for my daughter, it was fun for her to learn the multiplications and at the end I sold it in a Yard Sale and now I just bought it again for her son or my grandson and he is enjoying it too.
4708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best purchases that I have from Amazon!  I love it so much that I ordered another one as a gift for my niece.  My 4-year-old daughter LOVES it so much and she enjoys the "organ-izer" game (she calls it the "matching game").  She already knows the anatomy terminologies more than this model offers.  For example, she knows the strongest muscle is the cardiac muscle and heart is about the size of a fist that has four chambers.  We have been getting other human body books for her and she has learnt so much.  I think this human body model is great to help initiating the interests of little ones.  My daughter says "mommy, I know there are two types of bone marrows - yellow for storing fat and red for generating red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets."  She can't wait to learn more about human anatomy and physiology every night at bedtime.

8654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 11 yr old son loves this!
It's great construction and has held up well to a lot of use.  This is a game in our rotation that we play at least every few game nights.
Easy to maneuver through te menu and options.  Fun for all ages and genders.
8797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son got this for his first birthday.  He loves it.  First it is a pain in the neck to put together very difficult.  Took me about an hour.  But once it was together he really liked it.  It has so many uses.  He can sit in it and turn the wheel honk the horn and play with the key.  He even at 15 months now doesn't know how to push it from inside.  We give him rides in it though.  His favorite use is to stand behind the car and push it.  He will walk up and down the sidewalk pushing this car.  It is the perfect height for litle ones to push.  The bad points is it is hard to get the door open and shut it takes more strength then young ones may have.  Also if it gets wet you have to turn it over to get the water out.  But we leave the car outside and it is weathering well.  No fading yet.  I recommend this

5103	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my grandson almost a year ago when he turned six.  He and his sister love playing it.  It's a game that promotes thinking and problem-solving skills, and it's fun for adults as well as for the kids.  The game pieces are good quality.
2953	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A darling gift for my Granddaughter. She loves it.
8235	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Classic game in a great, durable plastic case that resembles a book. Fits perfectly on a book shelf and travels well without fear of losing game pieces. Say goodbye to broken game lids and losing game pieces.
4401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.
7608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	"Two! two! two!!!" "three!! three!! three!!"  It's very easy to learn this and leads to some very lively, very entertaining game sessions with the family.  It don't think it really teaches much abotu commodity training, but it's a fun game nevertheless.
4544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All of the "10 Days" games are fun, and 10 Days in the Americas is no exception.  A new area to explore (North, Central & South America and the Caribbean) and a new twist ("cruises", in which you can string together sequences of oceans) make this a great addition to the series.
This is really a simple card trading game based on trading higher numbered card for lower numbered cards.  In fact, a conventional deck of playing cards could be adapted to playing this game at a very basic level, but the addition of special "power cards" adds fun and randomness to the game play, and there is a memory building angle as well, so you really get everything a game should be in one package: strategy, random luck of the draw, and a bit of genuine gambling.  Then there's the entertainment value of the really cool rat and cat cartoons on the cards.


2659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. Learned how to play at the beach this year and had to have it.
5275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We gave this game to our 8 year old granddaughter.  It took her and I a while to figure out the rules, but they are well written out, and once we applied the "example" game, we figured it out.  We've played it several times with older brother, parents and grandfather.  What a game!  It definitely is challenging and I know, as a retired teacher, it is extremely good for thinking, spatial knowledge, and conceptual development.  Getting a "qwirkle" is one of our goals when we play.  10 year old brother got 7 qwirkles in one game and I still can't get over that!  This really is worth every penny for kids.  It is similar to scrabble, but uses shapes and colors in the "crosswords" of patterns. Everything has to match in some way - either by color or shape.  Exceptional game and really expands the brain!
Even with these small drawbacks, I am very impressed with this receiver and only hope that its apparent build quality will last for years to come.
9845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Hope our 2 year old will love this
2	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The pictures are great , I've done one and gave it to a friend of mine who likes dragons.
4832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it. It's a great product.

9050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is a deck of Uno cards what can you say?
This expansion adds a number of amusing cards to incorporate additional variations and twists on the game, and does a great job of breathing new life into a wonderful game. The addition of Dungeons-- a "global" card that effects all the characters and monsters in the game at the same time -- is one the more entertaining new features added thus far.
6144	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Flies well and easy to control.  We are flying it in the Denver area at 5000 feet.
The mechanics are exceptional and the replay value is huge. I'll trust that other reviews have gone over the basic mechanics. Let me just say that the play factors of planning your routes, dealing with the cards that are available and sudden changes necessitated by opponents taking routes you were counting on is very entertaining.
302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We set our campagin in the Woods so these worked well. We use them for other settings too, just have to use some imagination.
2. The learning curve may put off potential buyers. I learned within two games with my son, but I had played another FF LCG and was accustomed to a lot of the terminology.
815	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids enjoy this a lot.

As one of our more simple games, I know this one will be a favorite for years to come!
4945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We like thinking games for our kids and we all loved this game. You can play with any age that knows their shapes and patterns, and we even played with adults and had fun.
6825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has been around for quite awhile but it is a winner! The object of the game is to move the red car out of the traffic jam. Each card tells you how to place all of the cars. You have to systematically move the cars back and forth to allow cars to move around to create a path, sometime a square at a time, for the red car to get out!  This is great for home and the classroom. This game can also be used during indoor recess. It is a quick game.
As with all Fluxx games, the rules constantly change. You may be doing great then BAM! You're way behind everyone else. There is really no strategy, mainly just luck and trying your best. The cards are different in this version, darker of course. One card I got made everyone tell a fear they had, for example. It's pretty fun, and the game can last just a few minutes (seriously, we had a three player game once that ended in about 2 minutes), or it can go on for quite awhile (well over an hour). I think it's fun in any size group, and the price amazon has it for is really good. I wouldn't recommend this for smaller children, as there is reading, they might not enjoy the artwork, and depending on the length of the game they get bored. Great for Lovecraft fans though!


8097	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is another  great and classic family game for the younger children.  My toddler loves to play this game - she is a huge board game fan.  It's easy for her to understand and gives  her the independence and pride of knowing that she can play with minimal assistance and direction.  Well made and good quality.
7560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids argue over who plays the cashier.
2189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for all my grandkids for Christmas. Played it with 8 yr. olds and one 6 yr. old (with some help). It was fun for the adults and the children. A HUGE hit and they have continued to play it over and over again! I highly recommend this game for a great family time! So much fun!
8026	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just like we had when we were kids. My nephew loved it.

7588	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Remember the old Candy Land from your childhood? Well this isn't it! It has no cards and the board is completely different. Did not have fun was not what I expected.
8458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8 year old and 4 year old both play and LOVE it. My 8 year old is obviously better at it, but we all play together quite a bit.
Last year I bought my son Operation for Christmas from Walmart. I didn't think too much of it at purchase. But when we opened it I noticed it was completely different. The pieces were stupid. Cell Phone, Fart smells, Just gross. There were no cards, no money, no real rhyme or reason of play.
Areas for Improvement
2675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wizard is easy to learn and lots of fun. Each hand is a different number of cards with new challenges. Great when you have an uneven number of people. This is not a toy, it's a card game with bidding tools.

3662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was expecting a plastic or resian model and this was medal. Super awesome. Will be buying the other ships to go along with this.

31	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I added this to a birthday present for my 3-year old nephew. He loved it, but I was surprised at how small this was. In the back, there is a picture of a robot, and you "dress" him using the stickers.
3690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As expected
7033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter absolutely loves this. It's really helping us practice counting money and reinforcing what she's learning in 1st grade.  We love to play store with it and take turns being the customer and cashier. The dollars are a little hard to separate at first because they are so flat (just like new dollar bills!).... but a little wrinkling of them solved the problem quickly.

Super fun and hands on for all age groups.
5977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Enjoy this game a lot. Subtracted one star because it lacks some sort of away team mechanic. Other than that, captures the feel of Star Trek well and is fun to play. Each race has their own abilities and play style that best complements that race. Will get better when more races are added to the game via expansions. So far, Cardassians and Ferengi have both been announced.

If you're looking for an antique-looking deck, this is a good one, though due to it being a replica of an antique, don't expect the perfection of modern cards.
The produce consists of a game master four board screen and a thirty page, starter adventure.
3007	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality thick folders.
2288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is way cuter than the other little "elf" and he was 1/2 the price. (My husband thinks the other version is creepy) He is sturdy and flexible. He's quite easy to pose. My daughter loves the hardcover book he came with.  I'm glad I chose him over the other guy because he's adorable and quite mischievious.
Making life variable was a great idea as well, to help balance out the characters.
The game board is super neat.  I like looking at the places to see what's going on in them.  Pretty easy to follow the flow of the game.  Roll dice, move spaces, read board, draw card, and do what it says.  Our 11 year old plays but I don't know if younger than that will stay in it for the whole game.
9254	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous! Our classroom kids love this!
Cards could be made better, they aren't very well laminated.
-------
Either way, he's a cute addition to my shelf.
9757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome. My granddaughter loves these. She's 2. Great gift.
3707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just fantastic they are so true to the characters & incredibly well constructed & very solid. They stand very well with the attached base & looks great displayed in a set
The replacement clear plastic body shell is almost as bad as the first one was. It will almost snap completely together, but there is always one particular section that is misaligned. And, it came with one of the tabs broken off (that doesn't help things). I'm not sure we'll bother exchanging it and trying a second replacement. I think we will just be asking for a refund. This is a huge disappointment for my 8 yr old, who had asked for this thing for months (he finally got it for his birthday a couple of weeks ago). Imagine it's your 8th birthday and being so excited to get something you'd been wanting for a while, and it doesn't go together properly and has to be sent back. And then the replacement comes, but it isn't much better and the plastic body shell won't fit together properly to hold in all the parts.
177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are super cute!!
Even if you don't use a screen you should have this as a reference card.
8518	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! I play it with a 7 and 10 year old. We laugh and have a lot of fun playing. It really works on skill and memory, but they just think they are having fun! Perfect game for home, or even camping!




1185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is awesome!
6317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As a mom with four children, three of them in school using crayons I was sick of seeing crayons all over the house when the kids wanted to color at home.  I was very excited about the idea of Painting Lulu.  I was provided two samples for review from the company.  Getting started is very easy.  First you need to download the app if you want to use those features.  I like that they have several app market options so all the kids could use the app on their own tablets.  When we unlocked out book we were able to scan the pages from the coloring book without any problems at all.
RATING!

2934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used to use regular needle-nosed pliers and made two 90 degree bends and then just rotated the second one. This tool makes it much more precise, as find a location, put the wire in, and clamp down, leaving you with a perfect and much more precise Z bend. Great tool for any one needing to make a few Z bends in servo rods.
9069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the first toy my 2 year old selected on her own. Its appeal was lost on me: dolphins whistle when blown from their back end (yes, strange) and float on water in rings. But to my daughter, they're colorful, friendly and whistle various notes as submerged. Take these at face value and enjoy your child's enjoyment.
6918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We purchased this for my 5 yr. old son and he loves it, in fact I love it.  It's a great educational toy without being obviously educationally.  The only thing I wish is that was built better.  It's cheap quality, but the game itself is good.


Elf on the Shelf is a craze, but it is fun for the entire family. From 2 to 102, everyone enjoys this fun.
2339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Item was shipped on time and as described.  We still play this game often.  Very pleased with this transaction.  Thank You.
3151	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My order was here in 3 days after i ordered it! i was very pleased with it and i bought it as a gift and think she will love it!!
7362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves this game. It is the same as I had as a child in the 60's, only the art on it is a little different.
8748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great stress relieving item for your desk at work or at home.  Unfortunately it's not really durable enough to be a child's toy.
This review was originally posted here: [...]

inside your auxiliary firing arc, roll 1 additional attack die.
4449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What fun!  Even early readers can compete with Grandparents in this game!
What generates my fascination with Rialto is the flow of information.  The players have very little to guide them early in the game other than the cards in their hands.  They have no easy way of knowing how to place bridges and gondolas, for instance, when there are few pieces on the board.  As the game progresses, though, the choices come ever more sharply into focus.  Just for an example, gold is very important early in the game, but it is possible to get more of it than necessary, wasting those later card plays which would otherwise get victory points or counselor placements.  Of course, if you pick last and get several gold cards, you don't have any alternative; at least one gold is worth half a victory point.  Another requirement is the need to have enough counselors on your player board to fulfill the counselor cards in your hand.  These things ebb and flow with the cards and the rounds, creating a constantly changing set of small decisions.
6928	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun for playing store! Grandchild(4 years old) a bit small to figure out the way it words and not yet grasping the math, but hoping as she gets older she uses it more. :)
3035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute
-L
9166	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	4 year old loves this drum (what was I thinking-LOL).
Fun, thoughtful yet relaxing interactive game. Everyone should own it. Highly recommend seller.
7663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I really wanted the classic candy land game that I had growing up...with plumpy, grandma nut, princess lolly and queen frosting.  Alas, I don't know these new characters' destination on the board.  It's okay and my kids like it, but I'm really going to miss plumpy, as it was always so funny when anyone got plumpy and just quaint when you got grandma nut.
The only drawback is that the magnets could be a little stronger.  Sometimes it is hard to get your new creations to stay together because they slip.  However, overall this is a really cool toy.  Good for kids and adults.
This is a very fun game.  However, if you are on the fence between Ticket to Ride and Ticket to Ride: Europe&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ticket-to-Ride-Europe/dp/B000809OAO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ticket to Ride Europe</a>, I would go with the Europe version.  It adds a couple new rules/features that really enhance the gameplay, namely ferries (where a locomotive/wild card is needed to complete a route, tunnels (where there is the element of chance that you may need up to 3 extra cards to complete the route -- after all tunnels do sometimes have construction delays), and train stations (where you can lose points to build them, but you can count and opponent's route to help you finish a destination ticket).  Like I said Ticket to Ride is an excellent game, but Ticket to Ride Europe just steps it up an extra notch without going overboard.

Easy to play, and it can go very quick.


1744	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So far my kids have really enjoyed reading the book and looking for the elf every morning to see where he's at.
9559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Foggy answers but does he job. Plastic is hard to see through.

2585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great coloring book for new children beginning to color.

3543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always a favourite for little fingers that don't have the skill to peel off shapely stickers. My kids love them!
8664	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my whole family adores this game.....the youngest child to the oldest adult.....we play when friends are over...with the grandparents......everyone loves it.....it is quick to learn and fun to play....but it isn't easy...there are lots of different strategies to take (i always rat rap early) and if you aren't spot on, you'll forget what your cards are....and you can't peek! ..... this is a fun, fast and fabulous game for 4 year olds to 94 year olds......
9237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really nice and solid. all around its awesome sound and part top quality.
7387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it !!!!!
4030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The gamer this was given to at Christmas really loves this kit. It's hard to buy for a gamer when you're not a gamer, but this turned out to be a good choice. I was really pleased that it worked out.
615	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game for a mom meet up night with a few bottles of wine involved. It's great for getting to know people you don't know well or think you know well. Super fun!
8980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This got a rave review from the birthday boy. His little sister was able to add a few pieces and they played together very well.
7904	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We got these as a gift for my one year old's birthday. These smell SO STRONGLY of chemicals! Since they're made in China I'm rather concerned about my child to putting these in her mouth.
1848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't think I need to tell you how much fun this is.  Shipped promptly, and we'll enjoy him for years to come.
7273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sister absolutely ADORES it. It comes with money and a credit cards and when my sister sees it she goes crazy and every night we pretend we're buying stuff from her and she has tons of fun.
2226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game - Our 8 year old granddaughters love to play it.
5725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fluxx is fun.  I picked this particular version because it seemed like the one that would appeal to my group of friends more than any of the others.  We have played a couple of times, but that's about it.  The novelty wore off pretty quickly and we haven't really touched it since.
1980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We don't have any children in our home anymore, so I have been taking this to work and it has just been fun to see where the little elf is each day and what he is up to.  The book that comes along with it is cute as well.



6424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent service, as advertised.
15	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very Cute!
I would recommend to any resource/ SpEd teacher working with social skills or behavior modifications.

I tested this out with my 4 year old daughter. She looked the pictures and was really excited to have a special crayon that she could use on my iPad. Each page has a QR barcode that you can scan in the app to bring up that page, but it was kind of unnecessary because the app has the whole collection of coloring books listed and the pages easily displayed for the child to choose to color.

So far I purchased the City, Dungeon, and Reaper expansions and will buy more.
-Set up and break down of the game is a chore.  For best balance, when playing w/ both expansions, some of the cards are removed from the game.  This means everything has to be sorted before the correct number of random cards can be removed.  You could get around this if you picked your least favorite of these to leave out permanently, but otherwise, these are supposed to be random.
388	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a very cute, well-made doll.  Just be advised that you need to purchase the animals (and book if you want that) separately.
8014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was for my grandson.  It was shipped early and was everything that was advertised.
1939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Came as described. Box was a little bent but it was for our family and the $9.99 price couldn't be beat. Cute Elf on the Shelf with blue eyes and book.
3548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to put in Halloween goodie bags for my son's 1st grade class. In addition to some other fun kid's stationary supplies...my son had a lot of fun helping me make the bags and he was really excited with all of the items. He said "I know they'll love this stuff!" So, that's always great. They are very cute and good quality too.
8650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great! Kids love it and it holds together without breaking!

Overall, even without owning anything related to the first edition if you want to add a LOT of variety to your Descent experience and vastly multiply the options heroes and overlords have, then this is great.  Especially if you don't mind having miniatures that aren't exact identicals of what's on the card art.
695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great way to start the kids learning about money and responsibility. Wish there was a better way to hold it all together than a rubber band.
6160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son got this for Christmas and he loves it! It's the best R/C helicopter he's ever flown. Very stable and responds well to controls. The USB charging option is very convenient. Would definitely buy again.

I guess I didn't get it last year when I looked at the price tag and placed this back on the self, because my daughter came home every day between thanksgiving and christmas break and would always talk about her class's elf. Which would play tricks on the class every night, how the teacher read them this book, how the elf was their to watch over them, and sometimes cause trouble. So I went to the store and took one look at the doll and was creeped out. I'm a man in his 30's and I don't scare easily but I thought the thing looked about as menacing as a christmas elf could ever look. So I said no thank you to spending 30 dollars to what I thought would guarantee my daughters nightmares. The wife and I compromised and bought the much sweeter looking Target special edition one that acts as a stuffed plush more than the one in the box and used it on christmas morning as if the elf helped leave clues to a scavenger hunt to where in the house to find the lego table "santa" brought. That thing was such a hit my daughter, she would sleep with it every night. As the next year came back around my daughter right away asked for the book, which we had avoided before. Reluctantly we took that journey and bought this book set. I think the price could be lower, but I must say a night hasn't gone by since thanksgiving that she hasn't read her little sitter the book. And since we are using the elf and moving it around secretly while the girls are sleeping, they run eagerly to seek for the elf every morning. Soon we will be mixing things up like using two tea pitchers to help swap the milk and orange juice in the others jug, thus blaming it on the elf. Half of the value of the book and doll is what you make out of it. I would never pay this much for a book you read once a year. But as an investment of an ongoing tradition I have less regretted the price. I was a little disappointed the girl elf lacked real difference than the boy. Considering we went to two stores to find the girl one. I could of saved the gas and settled with the boy elf and doubt they would tell any difference. I can't believe how much my daughters both eat this up. It's like Santa got downsized and replaced by an elf. I can totally stand behind this product, if you have young kids. There was a time as a parent fresh out of college money was very tight and if this was 5 years ago I would be copping this by using a cheaper plush elf. So as a parent who has in my early year borrowed money to buy christmas for the kids I get how this can be pricey, but if you can afford this the reactions of the kids are magical and well worth it.
On a players turn (in general, this and other actions can be modified by a heroes special ability or ultimate ability) the player first rolls the 7 party dice.  This will represent the company of adventurers entering the dungeon with you and perhaps some scrolls (just in case you feel like reading in the dark dangerous dungeon).

3884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Focuses on one Corp and one Runner, but gives a TON of variety for them. The back of the instruction manual (although doesn't really give much instruction) gives a deck building suggestion, but you can do a lot more mixing and matching even just within the set itself. Pretty cool that you can mix it in with the core set or separate this into two alternate decks, only needing the tokens from the main game.
9340	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	From the look and weight of it, you can tell this is a high quality drum. The sound is great, my music loving toddler loves it and now my older child is requesting the bongos for herself!
3000	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous folders!  Love them!
3334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Old geek from the 80s, loved it then, love it now.
3648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The picture is slightly misleading, as other reviewers have already noted. But the bag is huge and the sword still looks cool. Seems like durable material and was delivered swiftly and safely.

* Extremely durable; ours has taken several spills without so much as a scratch

ANNYYYWAY, since this is in the "toys" category, I will address philyodaddy's favorite star ranking, Educational Value.  5 Stars.
3016	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved this! They are really cute. I do singing time for a group of toddlers and 3-year olds and they were so excited when I brought these out. They are a little tight on the fingers like somebody else mentioned. I have tiny hands and they were a little difficult to put on the first time since you have to put your fingers under the back of their shirts. However, it's totally worth it when you do. :) I'm hoping it'll stretch out a bit and become easier over time. Overall a great product and I'm glad I made the purchase!
5382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks can be deceiving.... this game appears to be so simple, yet it is complex & addicting! Love it. Have had friends over & played for hours... on more than a few occasions. I have also bought it as a gift for people. A staple game for your collection, you will not be disappointed. Different from other games, so you will not feel cheated that you bought the same game with a different "facade".
8971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a great drum, my daughter loves it! It's also not whiny as some drum sounds tend to be. Very good quality too. My daughter has dropped this a few times and it has held up just fine.
4576	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Recently, our card group was short enough partners to play Pitch, so the Host brought this game to the table.  My stomach turned a bit.  I hate scrabble.  I stink at it.  My vocabulary is lacking.  But of course, I gave it the old college try.
While they are adorable, they aren't very well made considering the insane price that they are. It's almost impossible to get a discount on them at any store, this year Kohl's made it so that their coupons don't work on anything of this brand. Almost no point in shopping around since you'll pay $25 everywhere. So back to them being not very well made... I had ordered two of these from Amazon and noticed they had very crooked facial features. After noticing this I checked several of the local stores and found it almost impossible to find *perfect* or as close as possible dogs. I remember having this issue with the the reindeer when we bought them but this was much worse with the dogs as they have a plastic nose and fabric tongue. I know I sound like I'm being picky and stuck up but again, $25 for a very small stuffed animal and book is steep when it's not a quality made item. I haven't seen any issues with the elves, but the reindeer and dogs are hard to find with near perfect faces!
Theme:  This is a cyberpunk theme.  I can't see anyone having a problem with this, and it may be even more mainstream(Ghost in the Shell, Matrix) than fantasy-themed games (MTG, LOTR:LCG).  Fans of this genre or fans of the whole "hacker" theme will take an immediate liking to this.  Certain mechanics are also very thematic.  The ability for a corporation to trace and tag a hacker, hackers build a rig(computer/program) in order to successfully bypass ice(firewalls).
Those three mean this pack is still a solid buy, even if no longer the first thing you should get after the base game.


 This was a great Christmas gift and was reported to friends and relatives as possibly the favorite of all the Christmas gifts this year. (Of course, to be fair, our children are accustomed to a diet of books, brain games, music, socks, nightgowns and other *boring* things for Christmas.)
7845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 2 yr old likes the beeping sound of the calculator and  opening and closing drawer.
425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this and the Y-ball for our grandson who likes mazes and puzzles.  He absolutely loved them!  Played with them "constantly" for the whole two days he stayed at our house.  At first enjoyed trying to build different designs with them but then got the most enjoyment out of rolling the balls across the floor and over and under objects and watching them crash and explode. Never seemed to tire in putting them back together.

Some of the new stuff seems like it might be underpowered or overpowered (and we don't like half the new Lords, including Xanathar who makes your Corruption penalty less, or Halaster Blackcloak and Sangalor who only score by buying their expansion's buildings and completing its quests, which get diluted when using both expansions). Compare those lords to the one who lets you score 6 pts. from any 1 quest type of your choice, or 5 for each 10+ pt. quest you complete). There are several ways to play 2-3 or even more intrigue cards per turn, and that really slows the game down and feels unfair and overpowered to the rest of the players. That said, both my opponents in the 3 player game I mentioned had the ability to play multiple intrigue cards per turn and I still beat them by hardly playing any intrigue cards. I focused on Corruption management, going from a high of 7 to only 1 at the end, which was only worth -4 pts. to me (instead of -28 pts), and solving as many double digit pt. Piety quests as I could (including a 40 pt. one) to get my Lord bonus of 6 pts. for any 1 quest type of my choice.
- Think and Associate

- good quality pieces
3044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time. These are extra large plates and very sturdy.
2385	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book is so much fun!!! My daughter loves them.  Its been fun to watch her learn the songs, the more she reads them.  The quality of the sound is great!
7117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun with a lot of players!!! This is nice quality that replaced my old worn out set!!!

Unfortunately, this is pretty much the only board game for 3 year olds and now it is rendered useless. By the time your child has the dexterity to move his/her piece along this narrow, windy path without being distracted by all the crazy graphics - he or she will realize how babyish this game is and will have moved along to something more challenging.
The Ball of Whacks Is made up of 30 magnetic design blocks that can be taken apart and rearranged. There does not seem to be any end to the shapes you can make. Accompanying the Ball Of Whacks is a 96 page booklet. This gives you Ideas of what kind of shapes you can make, and how to open your mind. For creative people this is a windfall, and for us, regular folks, it can open our minds from the most concrete manner of thinking to go and explore the possibilities.
5506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great puzzle! We got it so my 10 year old son could learn about the location of the state's as well as the capitals.  Worked great and he really enjoyed learning.  Would recommend it to anyone. Pieces are sturdy and lock together nicely.
6295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cute!
6150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Deal, Thanks Amazon!!

3758	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Well I know that it is a new system and that it's trying to be faster and more story driven but it really didn't work for my style of play. I was very disappointed in the way the system flowed and the random die just don't do a good job. If you just want your party to pass all the time, then you might like it, but it was totally not for me.
1964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's elf on the shelf. New grandson new elf on the shelf for him...keep the tradition going.  Another grandchild due May so I'll be buying another one next year.
8544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my Daughter for Christmas as she'd been wanting one for a long time. Not sure who has played with it more...her or me!
6520	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game from my childhood!
Recommended. prisrob 05-21-15
8067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Once I opened the box and unpacked everything I was ecstatic. The tiles are nice and thick so they should hold up well to countless replays. The mini's are great and as far as I can tell, it's all compatible with the RPG game. I foresee me running encounters and campaigns using the components from all 3 boxes. Great buy.

7157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So, this was purchased as a gift for my 4 year old for Christmas. She enjoyed playing it and was very happy with the purchase. It came in pristine condition as was to be expected from a new purchase. I only took a star off because Hasbro seems to have altered the game board from what it was 20 something years ago when my sisters and I played with it. Same idea, same game play, just lacks nostalgia (which has no impact on the kids, just us parents). Also, I don't remember having so many double pieces as it has now, so the game goes by pretty fast.
6339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For all the UNO lovers and the Hello Kitty lovers... here is your chance to have them both!
If you need a group of people that are willing to play with you - I have found them through Mensa and through meetup.com.
9335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Now this was a big hit for my nephew's Christmas! What can you say other than wonderful things!
Great app and lots of fun for both of us. Neat idea!
6129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great

There is only one rule: Children cannot touch the elf or it may lose its magic.  The elf also can't talk, but rest assured - he (or she!) hears every word.  Their elf not only informs Santa of their behavior, but their hopes and dreams too.
 My Canadian friends might at the point say, Eh?  (read: Please explain or huh?) Lets take surveying planets: before you can grow your empire youve got to find planets in the vastness of space.  The way its handled is you draw as many cards from the planet deck as one less than the number of survey cards in your hand.  Got three?  You draw 2 planets.  Look em over, consider and weigh them and then pick the won you want to show up in your empire.  Letss say you chose the role of survey, well you get to add a survey card to your hand, now you have four! You can pick and choose from more planets now, leading to better planet discoveries.  The poor guys who don't have at least two survey cards in their hand can abstain and draw a card from their deck to help them for the next role selection.
7723	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All time favorite.  I keep it so that I always have a game in our home that younger children can play and enjoy!  It's a classic!

8822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids loved it!!
4129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	D d,as Freddz
1532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute
4122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	More of everything for Eldritch Horror, including some aspects (focus tokens) that first appeared in Mountain of Madness. Eldritch Horror is already an incredible game ... the extension makes it event better.
Also check out the related game&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Infiltration/dp/1616613963/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Infiltration</a>. And if the dystopian mood starts weighing on you, check out&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/THE-Book-of-Word-Games-Parlett-s-Guide-to-150-Great-and-Quick-to-Learn-Word-Games/dp/0963878476/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE Book of Word Games: Parlett's Guide to 150 Great and Quick-to-Learn Word Games</a>.
- Location names can be difficult to read across the table
7625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has been getting a lot of use. It was a good deal and a favorite. for of us as children that w can share with the kids in our lives.

4131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i love these books.  brings me back to my childhood.  just wish they had somewhere sturdy to store the pen when not in use.  they always seem to go missing.
1606	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as described


This is one of those games that you can see in action on the Geek & Sundry show, TableTop (on YouTube). I highly recommend watching that episode and all the others.

6996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	granddaughter really likes the "real" money sized bills & coins
333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought it as a Christmas gift
Difficulty:
4040	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	no problems
4057	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Short version (this is what you NEED to know about this blister before buying)
1187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game, the whole family enjoys playing.
Believe the hype on this one... I was skeptical, but so glad I gave it a try. We are now huge fans of the Ticket to Ride series, and we own Europe, Africa, and the original, all of which are super fun to play, and they only take about an hour to complete, making it perfect for any evening.
8729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am in the process of getting my fianc everything that Michael Scott had on his desk in the famous TV hit series, The Office. I am so excited to be finding all of these toys and gag gifts here on Amazon. This was one of the items on his desk, and it is going to be PERFECT for what I am trying to do here.
7954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
4377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	excellent
8779	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it's intended for.
The ears are a little derpy but can be sewn back to match the actual pokemon.
213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a fun game. A lot of strategy and every game is different so it has great replay value. It's a classic.
9780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game- my 9 and 12 year old enjoy playing it.

2795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	cant wait for Christmas
3050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	everything 100%!!
4116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Star Wars: Imperial Assault Dice Pack contains 11 dice for use in Fantasy Flight's Imperial Assault miniature game. These dice are not the standard 1-6 most games are played with, but have special symbols and numbers on them that make them useable in Imperial Assault and derived games only. You get two black defense dice, two red melee/damage dice, two blue long range dice, two green midrange dice, two yellow short range dice, and a single white dodge/defense die. They had a suggested retail price of $11.95 on release in late February/early March 2015.
5209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Qwirkle is a game of patterns.  It is much like Set, but 4 players can play and there are more tiles.  My husband describes Qwirkle as "Sudoku" with tiles.  It is lots of fun and is great for younger kids to get them to recognize patterns.
4352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a new game for Christmas. I loved it more than hubby and my 6 year old.  Maybe because I love board games and challenging fun!
2942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good stuff
The gameplay consists of drawing cards, and playing sets of cards for points - to complete other objective cards for connecting cities across the map. Getting routes completed requires an ability to be able to conceptualize a perhaps-winding line of track that makes many stops in unrelated cities because either the other player blocked you from a direct connection or because you're going for the longest continuous route (which is worth 10 points at the end of the game) or because you want to rack up points for laying big routes.
 - Also, this game has very little strategy or real flavor. Run through... snatch data tokens... run back before the alarm goes off... bam... done... boring.
805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	excellent and fun game. great geography reference for kids and old alike. Good mental  .challenge for old folks.
697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Helpful way to teach kiddos about money.  I wish there was a way to keep then connected without the cardboard.
1109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is a lot of fun and we have played it with board gamers and non-board gamers with positive outcomes each time. Only negative is that it does get repetitive after a few plays and you can quickly devise strategies that will easily help you win. There are expansion packs for it that might make it a bit more difficult or more fun, but we haven't tried this.
1640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very good, nice hardback book.
A little bit about the hero cards, they have special abilities that can be activated whenever and one unique ability that allows them to be used once per dungeon crawl. I have not had the opportunity to play all the heroes yet, but between those I have played and what my co-host has played, they seemed pretty balanced though some seem to be more useful than others.
6112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This control is well worth purchasing. I have really made a difference on learning to fly helicopters and planes. I am using clearview flight simulator software.
9446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great present for grandchildren.


ACTION cards tell the player to perform a particular action, such as steal a Keeper from another player or sing a classic Python song to gain an extra play.
Pros:
2009	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased 5 of these for my family.  They loved reading the story to their kids and enjoying the memories of the elf
So I've decided on 4 stars.  The system is innovative and these dice make it run.  You need two sets to really play EotE, however.
Disclaimer:  I received this item in exchange for an honest review.
8959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	classic fun


3858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got these ships just for the RPG, but they looks so nice, I kinda want to play the X-Wing game now!
3301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can't say enough good things about this board game. It is the best "war and strategy" board game I have played up to this point. It really feels like the game that Risk should have been, but the Game of Thrones theme tops the cake on this board game. I love how great all the artwork is and how easy it is to make allies and back stab each other in the game. The hidden action mechanic is the best and I haven't seen anything like it before I played this game. Very very very fun and I hope to get in more game time with this one.

7849	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is not the classic version of the game as pictured. I do not need inappropriate looking fairies on a kid's game.  Disappointed, and returning.
4891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to put in a bag of travel activities for the family to do on road trips.  One puzzle took my 11 year old 30 minutes to do and 30 minutes of quiet in a packed car is a valuable thing.  There are a couple pages that are too obvious as to what the end product will be and the kids bypassed those, but if they didn't know what the outcome was going to be (although there is a key in the back of the book), they were very eager to commit to the 1000+ dots.  I will buy another of these.
I am really glad I purchased this. There are many different missions that are all balanced for 1-4 players and scale based on the number of players you have.
You can watch Wil Wheaton play it on YouTube.
3365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1N1WCYZQGIK7F" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1dEEEVfmUS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01FhslQO9SS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My fianc and I like to play games that rely at least a little on luck and aren't too complex (for her), but that also involve some strategy and complexity (for me). We usually play two-player, and Kingsburg has been a very fun addition to our gaming rotation.  So, after playing the base game a few times to figure out the general mechanic, we decided to give this expansion a try.
8203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME PRODUCT
5307	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a clever game and can be played by most members of a family,even the grade school kids get involved and can win.  It's fun, and doesn't take all night or day to play.
7493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	classic game that gets better with time
9284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy is great for my 2 year old.  He loves to connect the gears and watch it go around.  We searched all over locally for this and could only find it online, well worth paying the freight!  It keeps him happy for a long time :)
1374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ticket to Ride is the board game I most often reach for when I have family visiting. For the middle-school aged nephews and the "hard to teach an old dog new tricks" crowd, Ticket to Ride is very easy to pick up on the rules.
Overall I really liked this kit and would definitely recommend it.
887	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	orderd game by mistake
The key thing to remember is that each round it is the judge who decides what the best answer is. So it really helps to know the people you are competing with and know how they think. For example, one question is "What is the best breakfast cereal?" Grandpa might think it's Uncle Sam Cereal, the natural laxative. Grandson might think it's Chocolate Frosted Sugar Bombs. Mom might go with Kellogg's Special K. However, your goal is to get the judge to select YOUR answer, so you need to get inside the judge's head to earn maximum points.
Since I first wrote this review, my daughter started playing with this tunnel.  She's five now, and is just as rough on the thing as my son is.  Still holding up, still great fun.
1611	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love our elf!!!!!
4633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Christmas gift for a nephew.  Very much the explorer and wanted to go exploring as soon as he openeded it.
7290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it. Its like an advanced version of slap jack.
*Produce/Trade  How you make or sell goods for points

4276	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic gift for any Monty Python fan.  The cards are amazing and the game is absolutely hilarious.
9122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy and has held up well! Nicely made and makes great sound.
While the timeline is getting altered, players can also play "artifacts" which represent the player visiting a given point of history and stealing something historically significant, like the Mona Lisa.
I say, skip the game part and build the trap first!
4820	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my girls.  We homeschool, and at least two of them will be studying parts of the body this second semester.  What a great tool!!  Can't wait to dive into it with them!
9216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The little scientist is happy.  Read the comment above.  n o no no no no non non no nono no
1277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. Its simply to learn yet the game lasts long enough. Good for 2 players as well.

9076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute and fun game, but it's hard to keep the marbles from rolling out of their slots. I do like the old-fashioned look of the tin playing board. Not a car game. Keep it at home.
1 larger kobold warrior
Given the number and type of options provided by this expansion, the possibilities are endless. We never play the base game without at least one of the expansion components at this point.
4967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
8644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a birthday present for my 4-year old little girl. Since her birthday (3 months ago), she has asked to play this game EVERY day, multiple times a day. She loves it! I have to admit that I really enjoy it too. It says it is for ages 6 and up, but she grasped the concept of the game very quickly and is able to play independently. It has been a fun way to also work on addition. I love it, my little girl loves it and my husband loves it! What more could we ask for. The packaging is very nice. It is easy for my little girl to put the cards away when we are all done playing. The cards seem to be very durable as well. We play it a lot and we haven't seen any wear or tear. Can't recommend this game enough. Now if I could find another game that we could enjoy just as much!
800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite board game ever.
485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Again, another game I purchased based off the reviews here at Amazon.com!  This game does not disappoint!  It's like Scrabble meets Rummy!  Love it.  I play this game with all three of my kids (ages 11, 9, 8) and we have fun.  Now, there are times they need help spelling a word here and there so I assist when needed.  (would be better to play with all adults - but this is reinforcing their vocabulary and spelling) I just love this game.
9515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun activity that the whole family can enjoy for weeks at a time. Would recommend this to anyone with children or interest in butterflies!

8882	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband wanted some juggling balls and these did the trick....based on the reviews I bought these and it's a good thing.  He says they are perfectly weighted and have the right feel.  He was juggling in seconds....great set!!!  Thanks!  You can't miss with this 3-pack of juggling balls!
9129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome drum.
2712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter absolutely loves the Bad Kitty book.  I've checked it out from our local library several times over the past few months since we discovered it, and thankfully, she got the book for Christmas.  My aunt, knowing how much my daughter loves Bad Kitty, saw the Bad Kitty doll at a teacher conference and bought it immediately.  My daughter opened it up at Christmas and was thrilled to have her own Bad Kitty.  Bad Kitty now sleeps with her and goes just about everywhere with her.
3802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you do a little research on the company website, or better yet peruse through boardgamegeek.com you'll be able to follow the history of this great game.  Having played the original but not being able to afford multiple collectible card games (CCG) during its inception, FFG has done an incredible job putting this game back out to the public.
Highly recommended even if you got the Core Rule-book, as I said before, even if its just for the dice you should get this.
1 orc shaman
1225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids and adults to play together, even my 6-year old can do it!
9102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	gave to Toys for Tots
5 twin 540 motors provide plenty of power.
That said, maybe we just haven't found the right use for this yet.

4488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a very fun game that travels easily.  My 13 year old, my 15 year old and I love playing this.  It's also competitive, educational and so much fun.
9574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Yesterday we let all five butterflies free! I didn't expect all of them to live and turn into butterflies, because of some reviews I read. We're definitely going to do it again!
It also has lot of ways to boost up your own squad (including the Rebel Transport itself), and lots of ways to interfere with enemy ships.  Here is a list and summary of the cards so you can see what I mean.
Keep the conspiracy alive! Buy this game!
8983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This drum is perfect for all ages. We bought it for our 1 yr old and she loves "drum time". The quality is great and I'm sure she will be able to play with it for years to come. Can't wait to get the whole line!


6871	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game with lots of variations for many ages.
8125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my daughter for her seventh birthday. Not only does she love it, my three year old twins love it as well.  It involves them in a lot of pretend play and also is a fabulous teaching tool for all of them.  I love the quality of this item and would highly recommend it!  It came at just the right time when my oldest is learning about money in her first grade class. You won't be disapointed with this purchase!
You also have ports and ships in the game. This allow for unit movements over large areas and ship to ship battles as well. An extremely important part of the game and critical to winning in my opinion if done right. Obviously House Greyjoy starts off strong in this type of unit.
Lords of Waterdeep: Scoundrels of Skullport adds an interesting new set of rules to the core game that should keep things pretty interesting. Not everyone will want to play with both expansion modules at the same time, I expect, but the flexibility of the option certainly helps one tailor things.
4976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This past weekend we took out our Qwirkle game for the umpteenth time when we had guests who were staying with us for a couple nights. I like this game because it's easy to explain the rules so that a first-time player can quickly figure out how to play it, while at the same time there's enough strategy to make it interesting. Another nice feature is that it doesn't take a whole evening to play one or two hands. My experience is that a single hand generally takes no more than an hour. Finally, from a purely aesthetic perspective, it's a colorful game as it spreads out over the board.
7292	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A favorite game for my family!

7919	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Small little set not what I expected.  Found a much nicer larger set at one of the big dollar chains.  A waste and not a good gift. Looks cheap
7611	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As advertised

7014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves this! She plays store at Gramma's house all the time!
Previous Review:
Published by Tasty Minstrel Games

318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Makes an awesome game even better, and opens up more space for a sixth player to join in.
821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Neat strategy board game.  My two teenagers enjoyed playing this with me.  Would recommend for family game night!
High quality throughout, the game includes:
I wasn't sure what to expect. I figured it would be more for fans of the show and not so much a "real" game. I was wrong. This is full of strategy and is a fully fledged-out game. Yes, as some reviewers pointed out, it Does take time to learn. Most good games are like this. Once you figure it out, the gameplay is interesting and engaging. Good for people legitimately into strategy-based games. Nice!
Every strategy will work, but only one person will win!
Anymore and things get a little messy.
This game can be played as a standalone set and is also compatible with any of the Fluxx sets, although I've found that the game play is usually a bit stilted and less enjoyable with other sets mixed in.  Although I'm a big fan of the Zombie Fluxx set, this version is far and away the best.  The combination of additional rules and attention to Lovecraftian detail set a new bar for the Fluxx series.

Conclusion:

4965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family and extended family all love Qwirkle.  In fact, we love it so much, I just bought two more to give as gifts.  The idea is a lot like scrabble but with only colors and shapes, everyone can easily play, including the non readers and spellers.  Everyone also loves the idea of delving into the bag to see what new shape and color they pick.  I highly recommend this game for families.  Challenging and fun for all ages!!
2793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Pete and this little toy is a great complement to the series of books.  He is well made and handsome :)  Great gift.
870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys and I like this game. It's quick to learn and fun to play. Is a good family game and so far everyone we have introduced it to enjoys it also.
The final thing I want to mention about Bananagrams is that every player is involved with the game at all times.  There's no 'taking turns', and no down time.  You're always playing, and trying to make words.  It's a great game for restless kids who can't handle a game like Scrabble where you have to sit and wait for everyone else to make their words.
My wife and I have binge-watched every episode of Sons of Anarchy on Netflix (flinching through more and more parts, particularly in seasons 5-7), and we were completely caught up if for no other reason than we couldn't look away from the constant train-wreck this show represents, episode after episode. Though we watched like addicts, we were glad when it finally ended.

3410	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun.  Nice quality paint.
6450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter played this game over an hr! She loves it more than I thought she would :)
8472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a gift.
If you like lots of card interaction, fun mechanics, and a game that takes about 15-20 minutes to play, this is a great choice.
The Game itself:
9682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	excellent material and stands up to a 4 year old and 1 year old
2536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great scrabble game - not overly large, but big enough.  Tiles stay in place well.  We really enjoy using it.


Overall, it's a pretty simple yet engaging little game that worth a buy at its $30 price tag. If you're interested in a startup sim with a stock element, then you really cannot go belly up with this purchase.
Well worth the money.
2318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I always liked the idea of these in house elves reporting back to Santa, but I refused to purchase the other brand because they are quite creepy, and no self respecting Santa would let one in his workshop.  My husband found Pop In Kins last year and we were thrilled, he is adorable.  Yesterday started our second season with him, and my sons just love him.  They love predicting where he will be the next day, and what he will get in to.  They also have long talks with him about their year, what they have been up to, and trying to get information about which list they are on.  The doll itself is quite durable, and is bendable/posable so it is easy to get him to sit, stand or hang from your chosen perch.  Definitely recommend for some holiday fun.


Despite the poor presentation, I found Dungeon Roll to be a joy to play.  It packs a bigger punch than Zombie Dice, I feel, and I honestly cant wait to get back in there to see how well I can do the next time around. Twenty bucks was a fair price to pay in retrospect, though I do think fifteen would have been more realistic.
4516	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game! Moves quickly and encourages kids to stretch their vocab a bit. Playing with only adults can get ugly though, so competitive!!
Hasbro Item #40836
6844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my kids because they grew out of the Jr. version. My sister and I played this ALL the time when we were young. Great game. My kids love it.
There's a lot of yelling. Fun.


Many reviews on here say that the tiles received were the cheap, hollow, plastic pieces but I received the full, solid, heavy tiles that are best used for this game.
(1) Flechette Torpedoes, you get three copies of tis 2 point upgrade that assigns a stress token to a defender whose hull value is 4 or lower.  It says "after you perform this attack," so I'm thinking this can be done even if the attack misses which is pretty nice for a 2 point upgrade.
2060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So the Elf is a cheap doll... That does not make it any less magical! My children love our newest addition. They named him "Macks" and wake up early every morning to find out what kind of mischief he gets into overnight. We really do not do the "be good or he will tell Santa". We really kind of find that pointless since we are not going to not give them Christmas presents, and good behavior is expected regardless of an elf watching. So we just kind of play along like he is just a visitor for Christmas and tells Santa what they want and all the GOOD things they do. We love it.

I wonder how much educational value it has though. The player must identify what letter they need to be standing on, but for our daughter this was a minimal task.
5744	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a space themed version of the game Fluxx.  A lot of first time players find Fluxx to be complicated but once you understand the mechanics of it then its actually a simple and fun game to play.
3836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good ship for rebel fleet
914	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have bought several as gifts because it is so much fun.
her eggs and chest are really great, the chest looks perfect, and doesn't look like a cheap accessory, she holds the eggs pretty well.
8837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product

4220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	At first, I couldn't grasp the game.  It was fun, but I just didn't quite get what I was trying to do, so I lost a few matches in a row.  Then my opponent pointed out the games was just logic applied over time.
4662	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not worth the money. I purchased two of these for my kids and once the body parts are out it is hard to get everything back in.
6302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality and good toy
9701	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for my 2 yr. old grandson and he just loves it.  He loves to look through window.  My older granddaughter loves to go through it too.
2766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My niece loved it!

This picture of the original uno cards looks very close to our decks through out the years, as we have gone through so many decks because we play so much and love the game of uno! Even our three year old plays, how ever we need the art work on the cards because also use uno as an educational tool and with out the original art work it will be hard to continue to use the cards for an education purpose, I have also heard that some schools also use uno for educational purposes.. So with that said if you are looking for the original uno, buy these as we tried the local store and we are very disappointed with our deck from the local store...
-Need dedicated oppenent(s), not worth purchasing for casual play
Bottom line is that if you're eager to start playing this very cool game right away and you understand that it doesn't include character creation rules or full character advancement rules, this box set is worth getting even if it would feel like a better buy if it came with a little more stuff. I couldn't wait, so I bought it, and I knew what I was getting and I'm happy. But if you don't feel the need to scratch your Edge of the Empire itch that badly it probably does make more sense to simply wait another month or two and get the full rules when they come out.
One of the best things about this game is that even the smallest child can play.



1752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a gift for our niece. She was happy and super excited about it!


7339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game helps teach kids there colors aslo counting if they want to their next spot is alot of funteaches them to follow directions
On to the setting, well, the setting is George Lucas' Star Wars universe.  Most folks will be familiar with the basics of the setting.
8444	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great, thanks
4804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids in our summer program loved it!  Great learning tool and worth every penny!  Great service too- Thank you!
7489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My all time  Fav!
1889	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love the Elf, and we have fun with it
3696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cersei Lannister finally gets the Dark Horse treatment, and again they did a fantastic job.  While the face sculpt on her is not the best in the line so far, her dress is just beautiful and very detailed.  These figures excels at the costumes and this is no exception.  Well done again.  She looks brilliant on the shelf next to her brothers.  I cannot wait for next year and the next releases.
1- Teach new words
1 gauth (like a small beholder)
2668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a family game night (with all adults), and it was a big hit! We liked how you could win every time, even if you had a "bad" hand (and conversely, can lose with a "good" hand!) Highly recommend it!
2501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Keeps tiles in place so you can move the board without a problem, I just wish the letters where bigger, a little smaller than my traditional scrabble board game.

733	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Husband heard of this game and thought it sounded fun. Opened it up and to be honest I was a bit intimidated. There are a TON of pieces and with 3 little kids all I could see was stepping on a tiny train in the dark because the kids managed to get the box open when I didn't know about it.
3558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used these to decorate sacks for Halloween gifts to family children.  They loved them and even had some left over to put inside as a treat for the kids to use.
4th Edition: A single "adventure encounter" that consists of an all-too-brief setup and single battle.  While this is, from a storytelling standpoint, a step-up from the basic Red Box books, it still has no real value from a role-playing standpoint.

It is easy enough to manipulate for children of varying ages. It has two speeds for the gears to turn and the direction can be changed from clockwise to counterclockwise.
2123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've been playing RPGs for years, but this is the first time I've gotten an RPG rulebook as an ebook.
The game has an interesting game mechanic in which your cards have attack/defense numbers on all for sides. The player card rotate the card in any direction to make the card most beneficial for their turn or future turns.
Out of the box, the game includes 2 sets of rules: Basic and Advanced, and each permutation of these have some additional, optional *side rules* as well, such as weather, tire selection, etc....each one ratcheting up the difficulty and strategy.  A 'Basic' game can be learned within minutes and ideal for casual gamers and families, whereas those seeking a challenge and are serious gamers will want to play with the Advanced rules.  Additionally, there are actually Tournament rules that can be found online in which players can see how this game can get involved in 'league' like playing.  I recommend downloading these rules and glancing through them for users to get a better understanding on how even the basic gameplay plays out.  While the Basic rules are fairly easy to understand, some people experience difficulty in understanding how Pitstops (optional) and Car 'Order of Play' is due to some vagueness in the manual.  I've seen YouTube video plays that even get these simple concepts wrong, so I urge finding the Tournament Rules for both turn break downs and numerous illustrated examples.  That is unless everyone can agree on 'house rules' ahead of time, and as long as you stay consistent, you'll be fine.
5837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son who has vision problems.  It is very, very tiny print.  Good for working out your eyes.
1710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the whole elf on the shelf storyline and idea. My elf came in really fast and we had no problems with it at all. My kids were excited to open the package and read about their elf. Great product and great seller. I recommend this to anyone wanting a magical experience with their children.
9975	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This was slightly disappointing! I opened the box to get the Boucher so I could send off for the caterpillars and hopefully receive before Easter and there wasn't one!
691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls, 5 and 8, love this piggy bank.  It's made of tin so if they drop it, it doesn't break. It's a wonderful concept.  Save, Spend, and Share.  They really like writing down how much money they have in the little checkbook that it comes with.  It also helps them learn how to save and share.
2867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it thank you!!!
Pros:
5734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This card game is so much fun.
392	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this doll for my 4 year old boy and for my class as I am a preschool teacher. It is perfect! The children love it, you have to by the animals separately and also the book but this trio will last for years and it is always the favorite hands on story for preschoolers. I used to have one in my previous school but it belonged to the school so This time I bought my own set.
2856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves the Llama Llama books so I was thrilled when I saw we could get the stuffed llama here! He's so cute and he's the perfect size for my 2 year old to carry around and take to bed.
3532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product, Fast delivery & good packaging.  Will order again!!  Granddaughter loved it!


3496	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Item is more durable than any GM screen I have ever seen.  Made from the same stock as D&D book covers.
7337	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	After recently purchasing Sleeping Queens and LOVING it, adults and kids included, I started looking into other card-based games, which are perfect for travel. I bought this one based on reviews and because I thought perhaps my 4-year old daugther could easily join in as well, and hid it to be a surprise for a recent vacation.
6992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Five year old enjoys this pretend cash register
6971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This cash register is terrific. My four year old grandson loves it. It has money; dollars and change. It is a little computer. The drawer swings out. What's not to like? I had purchased another one for him for Christmas from another company through Amazon, and it was broken when it arrived. I sent it back and got a full refund. But I noticed the money was in Euros, which is nice for countries who use Euros, but would have been confusing to an American child. At any rate, we LOVE the new one and would highly recommend it.
5243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for our 6 year old granddaughter for Christmas.  We all love the game. The pieces are well made too.
2228	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am happy with the game and enjoy it and my 13 yr old granddaughter loves it.
While for the most part the game is just like all other versions of Fluxx, the Pirate theme is well played, and unique enough. This is accomplished thanks to the items and their abilities, making this game worthy of being picked up even if you have one of the many other versions of Fluxx.
4784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A gift for our 4 year old daughter. It requires some level of supervision. She has learned the correct anatomical names of various organs and bones, enjoys assembling and disassembling, mostly she enjoys the interaction of us teaching her things and the time spent together. Makes for a fun family time.
The expansion comes in a nice box (unlike the base game) and if you remove the insert and put everything in baggies/containers, you can fit everything in the nice new sturdy box.
I thought it was pretty gutsy for the designers of the game to include two different objectives for either side.  The Dark Side has the luxury of being able to wait things out, for their Death Star tracker will advance on their turn no matter what.  If they happen to gain the Dark Side advantage via the Balance of the Force, all the better.  The Light Side is practically forced to go on the offense and destroy those objectives before the Death Star tracker reaches its end.  The good news is that both sides play fairly different, giving players a unique experience depending on the side they choose.

7178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
7559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love it, provides hours of entertainment. Held up well  to their rough play
8585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased 2 of these for my grandchildren, ages 7, 18 months and 6 months.  ( I haven't given the 6 month old his yet.  I am holding on to it a while longer.). They love them.  It is great fun.  I also bought the larger size.

3324	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game, very simple to learn, but it can take a while to play if you have 4 people.  2 people can burn through again in about 90 min.
My rating has to do mostly with what I expected from the product as a semi new player, not in comparison with other previous RPG starter box products (which I have no knowledge of), so please, keep this in mind why my review might be somewhat (hopefully in a fair way) biased.
4611	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this hoping to encourage my 9 and 10 year olds to 1) enjoy games and 2) practice spelling.  WHO KNEW we'd all fall in love.  My mom comes over every afternoon and forces us all to play!  It is quite fun and anyone can win.  I love it and buy it for friends.  Highly recommend this game.  So much easier and carefree than keeping score and strategy in Scrabble.
1886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A hit for years to come.

Did I mention it gets bigger?  then smaller?  then bigger again?  I like to throw it to my dogs, completely wigs them out.  They just bark at me now when I bring it out.
1421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as birthday for our son.  It has become a family favorite.  A larger than typical game board; well made and nicely packaged.  Planning to buy the expansions and alternate versions.  Decision to buy was strongly influenced by the "Spiel des Jahres" award.


598	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was pleasantly surprised by this game.  We broke this out at our holiday party.  A half a dozen people who had never played Quiddler before sat down, learned the rules in about two minutes and really enjoyed the game.  Then, when those people got up to socialize, a half dozen more people who had never played Quiddler before sat down in their places.  They learned the rules in two minutes and really enjoyed the game.  That says it all.
2725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There's nothing like Bad Kitty for a 7 year old boy who loves to collect stuffed animals.  I also gave him the paperback stories of Bad Kitty to go along with this & encourage his reading!
3041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute!
5885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Dungeon Roll is a simple and unique game where the player(s) proceed through a dungeon defeating monsters, gaining treasure, and leveling up. The gameplay is quick and since there are many characters each with a unique feel to try out so there's a lot of replay value. So, a game might take 10-20 minutes and you could be back in the dungeon with a new set of characters in no time. The dice, and all of the components, are really high quality. The biggest drawback for myself is the highly random game play that comes with it being a dice game, and the game is a bit light on theme because it's the mission is simply to slay monsters, collect treasure, and make it as deep into the dungeon as possible to gain XPs. The rulebook is also a little vague, so it might take a couple of plays to figure it all out, but luckily it's very quick to start up another game.
1574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fast shipping good quality
5436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a can't miss for fans of Stephenie Meyer's vampire books and the accompanying films.  It's perfect for a birthday or holiday present for tween girls; it's also a great one to play for a slumber party or Twilight themed party.  It's not a great game for the whole family to play, in that there are not that many men who are Twilight groupies, but it could be very fun for a mother-daughter group.  The Scene-it games can be played over and over without too much repetition, since they include a variety of puzzles, trivia games, clips, and more so you don't get bored quickly like you do with some board games.  I can really see this one as a crowd pleaser at a party, since it can be played in teams if you have a big group.
685	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The perfect 'piggy' bank!  It identifies the key elements of handling money - save, spend, donate (share).  The only think that would make this coin bank perfect would be a way for the three pieces to snap together so that they are able to stay together in their nice shape by something other than a rubberband.
6216	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For the price, these things are so much fun.  It takes some coordination to fly them, so it is a challenge and fun to fly, but they are not so hard that younger kids cannot fly them.  They really look real and are very enjoyable.
5822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hours of fun!
On the negative side, the pieces seem kind of flimsy; better weighting would definitely help. Perhaps they'll make a collectors edition with cast iron pieces! (not likely) Also, believe it or not, the game can be a little loud. I've noticed that when my wife is playing it in the living room while I'm watching TV it can be more than a little distracting. The sound of hollow plastic moving on plastic I guess!

The animals are of the same quality as the Reindeer and elves.  They are soft but not "smooshy" plush animals.  My kids each slept with theirs last night and have been carrying them around since they got them.  I had to tell them to leave them at home this morning when we were leaving for school.  Definitely happy that we made this purchase and are carrying in the Elf tradition at our home!  And the story line could not have been more perfect to work with what is happening with us this year.
6722	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Yes...the educaton value is there, so is the durability, but what most of the reviewers are neglecting to tell you is that this toy can hurt your child!! Is made of a hard plastic. My son grabbed a hold of it and swung it wildly, stirking himself in the face. He also go his arm caught in the toy on more than one occasion. I took it off of him and packed it away with some baby clothes. It resurfaced when the clothes were open when my daughter was born, but I made sure she didn't get a hold of this.
Update on 10/17/9: These are now the ONLY glasses that we use. Even my husband had to admit that our usual wine tastes better/softer/different from these great glasses. I have washed them in dishwasher many times (at an angle) with no problems...I am one happy wine lover.

4498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter got this game when she was 7, and we've enjoyed it off and on for the past couple of years.  I would say 7 is about the youngest....as kids learn to spell more words correctly, this game gets easier.

8386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I like this game, I loved it as a kid and I like this one, it's not a durable as the orginal but it's just as fun and my child really has fun building the trap and loves setting it off to catch the mice.

9109	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really cool toy!  It is well made, sounds good, and beautiful with the colorful graphics around the drum.
The transport is slow, hard to turn but capable of absorbing plenty of hits making it an interesting ship to play.
2517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am a Scrabble player, and have seen variations of Scrabble games for various transportable and convenient purposes.  What is nice about this is the compact size, and yes, smaller than a regular size board.  There are small beads that keep a tile secure as you place them for playing.  This makes it easy to work with even if your board gets tipped.

5393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have thoroughly enjoyed playing Quirkle.  It didn't take long for my 6 year old son to catch onto the rules of the game & it's fun to watch his mind work to figure out his next play.
450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I love this game, which lasts about 20 minutes to a half hour, and isn't as concentration-intensive or as long in duration as Scrabble.
9205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a grandchild.  It was a huge hit when she opened it and she still loves it months later.  Great Toy!!!
My only real complaint is the biggest monster model when complete doesn't really fit in the box without setting the lid askew!
6093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Formula D is an excellent tabletop racing game. It is the revision of the older Formula De. At it's heart this is a 'roll and move' game. Each player rolls a die and moves their car the requisite number of spaces. Each gear is represented by a die and the higher the gear the more spaces a player can move. While seemingly simplistic this game has a great deal of strategy due to the rules requiring stops in corners, car placement, and the amount of wear your car can take during the course of the race. This game scales extremely well in terms of complexity (simple and advanced rules) and number of players (It supports up to 10!). The board is also double-sided with a 'street-racing' (think 'Fast and Furious') variant. There are also more double-sided boards available which allows for more variety in the race tracks/courses. Highly recommended.
1876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A wonderful addition to our Christmas traditions!  I am not sure who had more fun...my son or my husband and I!

2564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Second one I've purchased, our older son loved it so much we bought it again for our new baby :) Made well, nice and sturdy
689	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the concept
8374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Its really fun but kind of complicated. Also its too easy to lose a vital part so make sure you don't let the kids get into it first or play with it unsupervised.
6715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun and educational game. Everyone from my three year old to my husband love this. What a great game to improve spacial reasoning. I love the different levels and still haven't tackled them all! Before my son was old enough to play, he enjoyed just taking the pieces off and trying to fit them all back on. I also love to have single player games that aren't electronic.

8594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun and bright toy. I doesn't open and close as smoothly as the bigger, better made (more expensive) model, but we are still happy with it.
2488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Once you have used the tile lock board the old version just won't due. Love it
2753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves reading Pete the Cat books.  I ordered this thinking maybe he was too old for this kind of thing but for the price why not try it.  Well he sleeps with it every night and loves it.  Very happy I took a chance and ordered it.  Quality is really nice, seems well made.
8712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always amusing

4053	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The X-Wing expansion is a nice addition to a fun game. As noted in my other reviews from this line, you can play a few simple and worthwhile games with the core set, but if you want to get the most variety out of the game you'll need some expansions. Because the X-Wing also comes in the core set (which is required to play), it is not 100% necessary to get this expansion set to get the most out of the game. But, there are a few additions, so I'd say it is probably worth getting one of this expansion set for most people (if then, if you want more X-Wings or TIE Fighters I'd just buy extra starter sets to get more bang for your buck).
My friends and I have had some truly epic games that came down to the wire.  Always exciting!
5895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good game, excelent seller
About the only problem is that the colors of the different pieces are hard to differentiate. Even in good light it is difficult sometimes to tell the orange and red apart and the blue and green. Other than this, this is a great game and has provided many hours of fun for our family and guests.
7219	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've spent hours playing store with my little boy on this register. It's held up very well and has a real working calculator on it. I've always been very pleased with Learning Resources products.
3882	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks great! Wonderfully detailed. I keep it on my desk at the moment. I haven't played a game with it yet but will soon. The rules are really interesting! I was expecting it did nothing and just plodded along as a big target. Oh hell no. This thing is really quite interesting. It adds about 5 more pages to the rules, plus there are rules for campaigns, and bunch of new card upgrades. It comes with an additional X-Wing and 8 pilots for that!
4004	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's good stuff very pleased with the product and i got exactly what i expected and didn't get something that i didn't expect
I understand there is a public for everything, but this is just a terrible game, that does not work at any level.
1132	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game after you get through the rules.
Holds up well too.  Looks just as good as the day it came out of the package.  We're very happy with the purchase.
8488	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  My 5 and 7 year old can both play and enjoy it.  It's short, and fun for all ages.
- See and Sort
5996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Few new game cards and missions and a ship pretty cool
8387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I don't personally have this game yet, but I've played it tons of times.

7509	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a cute and fun game, and you really can't go wrong with it. It's a classic for a reason! It not only teaches counting, but it also teaches good/bad behavior through the pictures, and of course, "up" and "down" for the really young players.
5913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the whole family.
4782	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Not that great. Hard to keep together. Keeps falling appart.
9362	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having used the Remo Kid's Percussion line at a toddler music class, I was impressed with these REAL instruments that help to encourage children to create music. I was excited to bring them into our home and my son has enjoyed them ever since.
4798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my son, who was really into the human body and doctor stuff. The pieces are fun and squishy. He ended up liking the squishy body parts so much he just carried them around the house, and ended up losing a lot of pieces. the skeleton is hard to put together, and the pieces are hard to get in. It is not something my child could do on his own. If you want to keep the kit all together, you need to be willing to put it away yourself. A kid older than 9 or 10 might be able to do it themselves. It would be a good kit for teaching a science course or homeschool class.

3567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute, colorful stickers. Perfect for the back of cards and envelopes. Very quick arrival. I recommend ordering these stickers.
8423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have had a wonderful time playing this old fashion version of an old game with my grand kids.  I looked everywhere locally for this game and finally gave up and bought it on line.  Shipping was great and item came in perfect shape.

4184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to your imperial fleet, this came fast and exactly as I would expect, may pick up a second one at some point just because of the sheer awesomeness
We liked the game so much that I eventually bought all four of the map collections (Asia, India & Switzerland, Africa, & Neederlands).  We don't own but have also played Nordic Countries, too.
2645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love the old look
4125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	arrived on time and as described
Finally, the Squad Leader. This player is responsible for base defense (hence preventing one way of losing the game, the other being two countries falling into panic) and for conducting missions. Along with the final mission, which is the team's only way to win. He plays a game of quickly matching symbols associated with different classes of Soldier to symbols marked on mission cards and enemy cards. The symbols on the card dictate how many Soldiers can try to accomplish the task or fight the enemy, and what kind are capable of it. Good matches generate extra dice, and the Commander can help by taking out an extra Soldier for training the Officer Training School, giving that Soldier an extra die against all tasks. If things go wrong for the Squad Leader, losing the game won't be far behind.

It was the best gift and well received!
6787	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice game...kids liked it...convenient to shop for it this way...
729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing game

Sooooo glad that I did  this game is ridiculously fun and great for the whole family , my kids and even my wife loved it.
8250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my niece and nephew (5 and 6), they had never played this game. They loved it! I love the original mouse trap game; the newer versions are different that the original. All the pieces came with the game and we had a lot of fun making the mouse trap work.
 Theme
2574	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you so much
This is a great game and a lot of family fun together. Turn off the TV and do something as a family, play a game!

PS: Daenerys is the worst one among these figures...Maybe it is because my too much expectation...
this drum is awesome. worth every penny and i am thrilled i got it on sale, i think it was a bargain. seems very high quality and durable. i think this will last beyond my children and i look forward to keeping it for young and old, many years to come.
-Games are quick once you get the hang of it
9769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was having trouble with memorizing her multiplication equations. I used this very item when I was a child and it worked wonders. When I found it I was so thrilled to get it for her. She uses it everynight to help enhance her math skills. Very durable product, it has been dropped several times and is still in perfect condition. Item is fairly big to take to school, but we have a special bag that we carry it in. It is easy to read. On the tops of each button is the actual equation and then you simple press down to read the answer. Great product!

9920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 2 year old to help her learn her shapes.  She loves it and it does a great job serving its purpose.  A must have.
5560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fluxx is an always changing game that is quick to learn and provides a lot of replay value since the goal for winning will be different not only every time you play but multiple times during any game. 2+ players and keep in mind the game will again be different when you add that 3rd and 4th player. We own several themes of Fluxx with Oz being one of our favorites.
9440	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is fun. There are a few different game suggestions that make the game harder, which you will need. So far we haven't lost a single game. The game has a cheap feel to it. The board is fine, but the cards that come with it are cut out. The cards seem to hold up though, so far none are damaged. My kids are 6 and 7.
8987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gizmos and Gears delighted my 5 year old granddaughter.  She has all but constructed a new machine for spinning yarn into gold.  She loves it and her inventiveness and creative juices are surpassing my highest expectations.  The brighter the child, the more appeal.  She turned 5 in July, and will enter 1st grade in August.  So parents who are thinking about purchasing this toy, by all means get it!  It will keep your children entertained for hours without supervision.  It is better than advertised!
5640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Star Fluxx is an extremely simple and quick to play game. You can be up and playing in about 5 minutes. It is also a lot of fun as long as you understand that this game is not fair. It is meant to be crazy and as the name suggested constantly in Fluxx. The rules will continue to change and your card draws will be the main determination of whether you win or lose. Having said that, my gaming group loves this game and we can always pull it out when we want to play a light card game.
9234	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	When I saw this I immediately thought of my grandson and how much he would enjoy it, but after opening it and having him play with it I was disappointed. The gears do not always move as they should and it seems expensive for what it can actually do. It said it was educational but as a former teacher I do not see how that is. I would not recommend this to anyone.
1. Put the cards away. You will not need them.
9384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this game many years ago, when our teen boys were young. They enjoyed it very much and spent hours playing this with their dad. The other day, I had it out to give away...and they (and my husband) immediately rescued it saying I couldn't get rid of it because The Secret Door was one of their favorite games. Seems we'll be hanging on to this to play with our future grandchildren.

2969	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for organizing the kids school year.  I love that it starts with August.
23	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great book
The best part is that it is natural and free of any chemical laden paints and is made from recycled rubber wood and is therefore non toxic.

6596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the family!
 You may even consider drawing more destination cards for your first turn or two so that you can spend more time in the game working on more that are related. Than getting those you start with and drawing more in the middle of the game.
There is no way you could go wrong for this price.
2741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love the kitty, so does my son. I read the book my son plays with the kitty. He loves the book and the kitty so that makes me happy. It is small but its great for the kid.
8412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift

7293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very loud, fast-paced game! The first few rounds were enjoyable but after a while, it got a bit repetitive. It's the best if played with 4+ players as it makes the game more difficult. Will play again.
There really is not much need to do counting like monopoly or reading so this is great fun for young children.  It teaches them how to take turns, their colors and how to follow the rules of a game.  It is simple and good family fun but if your children love it they will drive you crazy wanting to play it all the time.
5616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Haven't played it yet but looks very promising and if it's anything like the other Flux games, I can't wait to play it, came in such a timely manner too

5452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We own several Scene It games and have enjoyed them as a family to varying degrees; my kids (13 & 16) love them, and the adults find them amusing in brief doses.  My 13 yo, in particular, wants to play long after everyone else has lost interest.
Overall, a great little game, especially if you happen to catch it on sale like I did.
5855	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this!
Game- Ticket to Ride
1465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who knew building train tracks would be fun?  In this game you have to build tracks around the US and secure the routes that you draw on your cards.  Its really fun to try to build your routes, and once you get 4 players involved the competition factor really ramps up because you will all be going for those middle spots.  Not much coop factor here unfortunately, but still makes a fun family game with no too much fighting or rule book checking.
There are also 2 jokers - I'll leave their characters up to you to discover (one male, one female). A great, fun set of cards. I would highly recommend these to someone who loves Jane Austen.
  We have even bought this book as a birthday present and it was well received.  Amazon has the best price, I got stuck paying retail for the ones I bought, no more though.



5020	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very fun game.  Easily overlooked by many im sure but there is a lot more here than most would expect.  Strategy, blocking and scoring big points are all here.  Create combos with what you have in your hand or play on existing for tiles.  Easy to learn and fun for all kinds of people.  Dont be afraid to pick this one up.
8923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice quality for a plastic drum. Nice deep sound. Mallets are perfect for my four year old. For some reason he keeps walking around the house with it while saying he doesn't want to work. Then he just bangs on this thing all day.

2553	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's okay the glue gets messy
4948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family enjoys this game, especially our young son. We love that it helps with problem solving, spatial recognition, and planning...all while having fun!
16	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AGE APPROPIATE. G'SON LOVED
2370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite card-based 'board' games. This is fun and combines many elements of other games, but with enough simplicity to pick up casually and yet complex in strategy. The expansion adds even more depth.
5584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun and small enough to easily bring with you anywhere. My husband likes to bring it to work and play it on his lunch break sometimes. The games go quick enough that you can easily walk away whenever you want but it's fun enough to play for hours as well. It's also easy to learn and only takes 1 game to understand. It's the kind of game that attracts it's own crowd at a party and people will go out and buy it or one of the many other Fluxx games when they get home. There are lots of different variations of Fluxx which is great since everyone has different interests. Our personal favorites are Cthuluhu Fluxx, Pirate Fluxx, and Monty Python Fluxx. They are each fun for their own reasons and different enough to own more than one.
Its a free flowing game that can be played anywhere which is an added benefit plus there is a fair amount of strategy involved.
5783	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a Christmas present for my 7 and 10 year old boys. They love this. They love numbers, and drawing, and they get to do both. So perfect!
4th Edition: A set of 6 black dice, including one of each die (4, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 20).
The board is very sturdy and seems to be made well.
5909	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Solo play is fun as well as 2 players

Not much you can do to a a Scrabble game to improve it from what it is, but this is a welcome improvement.
3527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These stickers are cute and the colors are very bold. I love that the quantity of stickers is so high, but the price is very affordable. The stickers are smaller than I expected based on looking at the picture online (admittedly I didn't look for the dimensions ahead of time), but they are perfect for preschoolers. Very happy with this purchase!
1011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	SUCH A FUN GAME! SO COMPETITIVE.  Prepare to ruin friendships when you steal lines in this game. Seriously. It's a lot of sun. Lots of planning, but still a fairly fast paced game. Requires thought, but not too much. It's like a more fun, more competitive monopoly.
3279	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game! Just wish more of my kids will play it with me!

5815	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for older children who like to color but are to old for normal coloring books.  Fun watching the picture come to life.

3448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We wanted to get another book like the Big Birds Friends softplay book, and we only found the two Elmo books. This one is fun, but the Big Bird book has more variety and is more creative.
Speaking of expansions, there are a number of expansion sets available that provide more decks for players to use.  Some even expand the game to three or four players, while others expand on the underrepresented Smugglers and Spies / Scum and Villainy factions.  Before spending any cash on them however, I'd highly recommend giving the base game a go first to see if this is a game that you can get into.  It's safe to say however that Vinnie and I most certainly did.
I found it interesting a majority of reviews recommend simply building it. However, we actually found the game (once it was built) to be much more fun than building it. After all, the reason you build it is to play the game.
1767	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	We received it as a gift from my sister in law (considered to be a verrry smart woman by the way). I decided to open it when my child was 2 y.o.
And the product does smell paint.
6976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	5yr old and 8yr old daughter love playing store w this - good quality
Very easy to learn. Intuitive, Fast,  fast, fast!

1811	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wish I would have ordered this years ago because our family had a lot of fun!  Honey and I took turns setting him up at night and the hardest part was deciding where or how to put him because social media is flooded with different ideas.  I can't wait for him to come back out next year and start all over again!

2785	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this pete the cat for a classroom teacher who requested him so she can interact with her class students using Pete along with the book.  Through this plush doll, she can help them engage in a conversation with the shy students.  We love this and we rate it 5 out of 5 Stars.
8806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great toy. Easy to put up and take down. My children and their friends enjoy playing with it. Its a must have.
6341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is classic UNO with a Hello Kitty theme and is a must have for the Hello Kitty fan!!  If you like UNO and have a little girl that loves Hello Kitty get this to enjoy hours of family fun .... my daughter spent about 3 hours playing Christmas day with all of our guests, and thenactually cleaned them all up by herself and put them in the "collectors item box."  Simply fun!!
[...]
9605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our granddaughters loved this.  I wish I would've read a bit closer though-no cocoons were enclosed just a voucher for "free" cocoons that I had to pay a quite high shipping rate for. If I would've paid better attention, the girls wouldn't have had to wait another week for their complete git.
The rule books, source material, pictures, etc. in the boxed set, have familiar icons and scenes.
The red connectors get bent easily, so watch how you leave it in the box, but it will fix itself easily too. The ducks did fall over a lot in the beginning. She would actually get mad at me when I righted them for her. As a result our ducks have no paint on one side. But now she does it herself and manages to pull them along just fine.
7755	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this game! She had been jealous that her friends were getting board games for their birthdays, so Santa brought her this one for Christmas. She has played it countless times already and has had no problems following the directions or becoming inattentive. Good value for the price too!
i will probably by this for myself now that i have seen how good it is!
Note that his is a 'city' expansion and so includes a board you set up next to the AH board (like Dunwich and Kingsport), and so can make for a more drawn out game.  A new rule is included that actually takes into account this extra board space, and changes the limits the game places on the game for the number of players.
The Elf on a Shelf is not creepy and he sits easily just about any place you put him and the concept is all in what you make of it without taking it too seriously. Have fun with him (or her)!
8586	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this product. It's a great passtime for kids.
2259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks for fast shipping, it arrived in excellent condition, great product and wonderful tradition!
4613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you enjoy playing Scrabble you will absolutely love Bananagrams.

4305	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super game.
3804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Only 2 player and kind of a steep learning curve. Once you get it and have someone good to play against though it really starts to shine!
6942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it!
903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT GREAT GAME!  Not too difficult to learn the rules(kids are 8 and 12), but the play is not boring at all.  completely recommend as a family game!
7298	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this game. It was super easy to teach my son to play and he gets excited every time.

It's been fun watching my niece and husband invite her brother and fiance over to play this game.  They went out and bought one of the other "Ticket to Ride" games as well.

If you like Phase 10 and/or Scrabble, you'll enjoy this game.  It's a lot of fun, and relatively quick as well.
2706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.
9135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great sound, great look, great instrument.  my son loves it.
The game recommends playing your first several games with 2 specific decks. And while I'm sure that they are balanced to play well together, and cover many situations, I found that overall the corporation didn't feel as powerful as the runner. It always felt like the corporation was on defense, and the runner was in control of the game. Even on games where the corporation won, it was due more to the runner making a mistake, then on any active part of the corporation player. The game is also heavily skewed to having a good opening hand. As the corporation, if you don't start with any ice, the runner can almost immediately make runs against your hand or your deck. In one game, I had scored more than half the points needed to win by the end of my 3rd turn. Likewise, if the runner doesn't draw any programs, they will be unable to break through the simplest of ice programs the corporation has to defend itself. The rules state that each player may take 1 mulligan (or redraw), but then must keep the hand they have, but I'm not sure that incorporating a house rule similar to other card games(where you can mulligan any number of times, keeping 1 less card in hand each time you do) wouldn't be more fair to balance out potential poor starting hands.
2897	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very Cute!  My daughter loves all of the Llama Llama books so this is perfect.  It's now her favorite "baby".
No, I didn't become a doctor on account of using it, but I did have a lot of fun.

The elf itself consists of a typical stuffing material and is pretty bendable and strong. We have had him bend-hung-flattened and he is like new with no signs of any issues. The box it comes with is very solid and makes for a great sturdy storage for in between seasons.
The rule book is beautiful but lacks a lot of information. I have had so many questions about game play and details, that I've had to go searching on the web for answers. Since this isn't a popular game, I've had to go to Fantasy Flights web and email them my questions, which they've never answered (Ultimately I figured out the game).
4821	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It looked like a fun way for my 7 year old to learn about the body and I was right it's like a real life operation. I only wish the plastic pieces stuck a little better in the body but overall it was a hit on Christmas.
3933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	excellent
In the video I've attached, you can see the cup of caterpillars and how very, very tiny they are when they arrive.  There is a guarantee that at least 3 of the 5 will grow to adult size.  We had 4 from each cup grow to adult size.  You can then see one of the first to come out of the chrysalis.  It isn't great quality video at that point because it can focus through the net, but you can see the entire garden and can start getting an idea of how big everything is.  After that one came out, I just set the camera up on a tripod and recorded until the one above it emerged.  It's pretty cool to see it from start to finish!
2058	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my 3 year old son. I heard about it from coworkers. The Elf is very cute, not scarey looking at all as another reviewer stated. He is sweet and innocent looking. My Son Loves it! We named him on the Website and he looks for him every morning as soon as he wakes up.
The basic idea of the game is amass a set amount of power and influence to take the throne, which is typically earned by initiating a military, intrigue, or power challenge against another player in each round. That's where all the different cards come into play, letting you set up various combos and strategies for attack or defense. Of course all the characters from the series are represented with varying abilities, like wildling hordes being good for military challenges and the onion knight Davos Seaworth being good at avoiding or surviving them.
2117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our book and Elf arrived in our home on Thanksgiving and my daughter eagerly read the book and watched us put Elfin on our TV. She knew from the book that each night Elfin would fly to the North Pole and report to Santa. We never scared her with that if she disobeyed he'd cancel Christmas, but said that he was watching her. Every morning she'd come out of her room with a huge smile on her face searching for Elfin. She is looking forward to seeing him arrive at our home this next year!
5955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that works for 1-4 players. As I live alone it's great to find a game that works well for one player. Game play is fairly easy and quick as the goal is to buy 4 buildings in order to win the game, you do that by selling 4 different products that the price fluctuates on just like a real market.  The artwork is great and humorous plus a good quality.
9911	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls love this.  It looks great in their little play kitchen and it is educational as well.  I tried to reduce the poor quality plastic kitchen toys and use good quality products instead.  The shapes are easy to put together & they look realistic.
- If there is a rival gang at the same location, you can start negotiating with them or you can just call for a throwdown (fight) to take control of the location.
5091	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun family game
 The number 2 card has a cat firing two guns simultaneously.
The formula that makes Say Anything games work so well is extremely simple - take the rotating Judge concept from Apples to Apples, add in the answer submission system (tiny dry-erase boards & pens) from Wits & Wagers, and top it off with a kinder version of the Wits & Wagers betting system.
8003	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I miss the original Candy Land. This one is changed up and looks eerily like Candy Crush. Hmm... But my kid doesn't know any better and thinks its pretty fun so I guess its all good.
2511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it as a gift.  Have tried one similar and it was great.
8459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game with grade school age kids
2105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We use the elf a little different than the book. Our elf arrives the night of thanksgiving while our daughter is asleep. He shows up with a small toy, dollar store or something very small, and then leaves every night to visit Santa and tell him how the day went. When he comes back the next day he drops of a small toy and shows up in a different place. We find this calms down the excitement from the time between Thanksgiving and Christmas, Christmas Eve's gift is always Christmas PJ's and a good bye note. Yes she does get a gift every night but it something simple as a new pencil for school to even just a note of encouragement for something that may have happened that day.

I am so mad at the false advertisement that I have considered returning the game and just not having the game at the party, but our guests have requested we have the game so I am keeping it.
As many have stated, the instruction manual can be confusing. All of the information that you need to play is in the manual, it's just not laid out in a way that makes it easy to understand. I was confused on the first read-through because some things in the beginning of the manual didn't make sense until I had real the latter parts. I found that reading through the manual twice, trying a quick solo game, and then re-reading the manual was the best way to get a good understanding of the rules. Sometimes having a single game completed can go a long way to helping you know what to look for in the instructions to clear things up. I would lower my rating a star for the way the manual is written, but they do include a URL to a video that explains the game very well, so clearer directions are referred to in the manual at least.
If my 5yo has a friend over, they often ask to play this game. After a round of instruction, they can play this game with parent support but not necessarily parent involvement. Sometimes it takes a little parent support to figure out how to reach all the letters but they are able to spin the "tornado," call out the letters and help each other stretch to reach. It's fun to watch them play!
GAMEPLAY
1022	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our whole family loves this game! We have two boys 6 and 8, and right now they play as a team and have a great time. The 8 yr old could play on his own, but he has more fun helping his brother. It took us a couple of games to start playing with strategy (trying to get longest routes, blocking others' routes), but now is pretty simple to understand - but still challenging!
9422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product is very good quality.  It's exactly what I was looking for.  I chose this product, because the tunnels in the toy section of the department store are cheaply made and I need something durable.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a good quality tunnel,
7760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I played Candy Land when I was a child, and my children grew-up loving this game. Through the years, we enjoyed the Original, we have purchased the Disney version, and we added this to the collection. We find it a fun-filled, entertaining family game. When I was a Foster Mom, I always had this game available, and young children loved this game. Even children over 10 had fun with it. It's an old-time favorite in my family, passed down from generation-to-generation. A simple, easy to play, colorful game that I've seen lots of children enjoy through the years. My daughter & I still play the 3 different versions we have, and the laughs are worth every moment. Fun-filled, colorful, entertaining, and good price. Highly recommended!
122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love love love this game. Wonderful anger tools & self awareness of their anger as well. It's played like bingo with questions in the cards. I find it's great for my clients ages 6-12.

The game captures the feel of car racing without having to be a gear-head to enjoy it.  I don't even like car racing, but enjoyed playing this game.  The concept is easy to grasp and has a decent strategy to chance ratio.  Play it too safe and youll lose the race, but go too fast into a turn and youll crash.
6773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really cool puzzle game good for all ages.  Makes you plan your moves and it feels really good when you succeed.
This toy is very easy for him to carry and grab and he certainly knows where he's left it every time we read one of the Llama stories.  He likes to hold the toy while I read the Llama stories, which are also really fun books to compliment the toy.
5526	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a must have for fans of the Back To The Future series or any card enthusiast.
2470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the tile lock feature! My husband and I will play this game on our bed and the tiles don't move! It's awesome!
6898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My only complaint is that I should have ordered at least two.  My kids argue whose turn it is and/or become impatient waiting for their turn.  Since the turns can be long, the impatience is understandable.  My kids are 4, 7, 10, 12, 16, 18, and 21.  EVERYONE LOVES THIS GAME!!!  The 4 yr old loves to set up the cars.  It's great for her in developing matching and spatial relationships between objects.  Then she moves the cars anyway she wants to win.  I'm definitely ordering the railroad and safari rush hours for my family.  Great game!
2038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son this year. It is so much fun! The book is the perfect way to introduce the elf to the kids and the elf is so cute! I've had a lot of fun moving the elf each night to a new location and my son can't wait to see what he's up to when he wakes up in the morning. I would recommend this to any parent looking for a fun family tradition.
5399	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I play this even without the kids.  It is fun and brain challenging, but not hard for kids to learn.
9644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really fun and well made
1799	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the elf on the shelf! Last Christmas was the first time "Snolf" the elf visited our home. It will now be a tradition in our home for years to come. Our 8 year old daughter loved and our one year old son will learn to love it as he gets older. I highly recommend this. A little pricy but its a one time purchase, so well worth it.
752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Game for my sister. She loves it. Her and her hubs play quite a bit. We also own this game (it's in a different box for those wondering ) and enjoy it very well.
1577	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves this!!!!!
4465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product
1282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I needed that route!  You just cut me off, now instead of destination cards giving me gobs of points, now they all count against me.  Theres no way around!  My nerves have never felt more vexed than they do now.  Thats Jane Austin speak for: Im seeing red and now Im going to do anything I think might hurt your chances for the rest of the game; and the next one we play!
3150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lets face it, cordless tools on the inside are practically identical. Everyone has thier favorite brand. All brands sell factory reconditioned units wich tells me that all brands have had thier issues or they would not have any tools sent bact to be recondition. So wich brand do you buy? I still ask myself that question all the time. I've had DeWalt expirence, they lasted well but they are expensive and eventually failed. When I opened it up to see if I could fix it, I was shocked to see that in my opinion the quality was no better than Ryobi wich is available at 1/4 of the cost. So I started to try other brands. This driver fit my hand perfectly. Is very compact, Lithium-Ion is definatly the way to go. Since Lithium-Ion became common place, I would never go back to Ni-Cad. The batteries charge up quick. They hold thier charge when not in use. They are very compact when compared to Ni-Cad That allows for the tools to be very compact and portable as well as lighter weight. A lot lighter! They out last Ni-Cad when in use. I can find not a single thing bad to say about Lithium-Ion. As far as the brand. It has been my expirence that Bosch has a good reputation and loyal following. I love this driver. I can't say enough about it. It has a great look as well. Just remember it's a driver not a drill. As with all drivers, useing a dril bit designed for a driver will give you a hole but it tends to wobble so it's not for acurate drilling. For that use Bosch's 12 v drill. Lets discuss voltage. Yes if you really need power such as an impact driver for removing car tires, you need 18 volts. If your drilling threw stainless steel, maybe 18 volts might be a better choice. However; beyond that, I find 12 volt tools get the job done without any issues. They are way smaller and lighter more portable and compact they don't tire you out using them. I love 12volt tools. I just wished Bosch expanded their line of 12 volt tools. If you want all the cordless tools available, you need to choose 18 volts. 12 volts tools are limited to just 4 models. I also considered other brands, I saw the Hitachi 10 volt tool was similar size but less voltage. The white color looked great but the first time I used it with a greasy hand that would be over quick. for those 2 reason I passed on that brand. I still think white looks great though just not practice. I also cant understand the less voltage but still the same size drive/drill. Makes no sense. The less voltage the batteries and driver should be more compact. It isn't so I defiant;y feel That this tool is the right choice. I recommend this tool highly! 5 stars! Bosch earned them.
735	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Played at Christmas

9304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's sturdy, and attractive.  The mallets are sufficiently padded that they don't do much damage when applied to surfaces other than the drum.  It's not a very loud drum and it has a nice tone.  I'm much happier to listen to my child bang on rather than listening to him use a pot for a drum.
7630	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for Christmas for family. 2 adults, an 11 year old and an 8 year old can play with no problems. A really fun game that doesn't require keeping track of a lot of things, so good for kids, but still involves enough strategy to be fun for adults as well. Only took 1 star because bell doesn't work that well. It really isn't necessary for game play, though.

The player will then enter the dungeon at dungeon level 1.  The dungeon level tracker die will be moved to show the number 1 face up.  The dungeon lord will be rolling dice equal to the number on the dungeon level tracker die or as many available dice as able if that can't be reached.  So, for example the dungeon lord will roll 1 of the dungeon dice for level 1 and 4 dungeon dice for level 4.
5.2-4 players


Im especially pleased- as someone who cant afford to become even a minority share holder in a real corporation- to get sucked into the world where individual jobs don't exist to me (they are conveniently outside the scope of this game) when I consider merging companies because I need that gross severance for selling out so that I can uh create more jobs with a new corporation, yeah thats it.  Its not about me getting the most money at the end at all.  This teaches nothing about the harsh realities of capitalism, and gives me no insight whatsoever into the minds of corporate giants.  But I have to admit that I love it all the same.
2360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product for myself, but, my granddaughter later became interested as well.  Recommend all products made by World of Harmony Music!  Great quality, pricing and quick delivery response.  Thank you!!
4760	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Great concept.  Nice visual way to learn about the human body and its systems.  3D is great too. My son also really liked the squishiness of the organs.  Made them seem more life like.  But... The negatives:
3877	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	From a collectors point of view, this is a must have. The amount of detail that went into making this model cannot be ignored.
Highly recommended!
Glad you asked.  There's a few twists:
The system is great. It's cinematic and narrative and easily tweaked if you find combat too deadly or not. More importantly to me, this ruleset shares a quality that WFRP3 has that I think is underrated in modern RPGs, which is that the game is designed to the specific setting and isn't trying to be a generic science-fiction or space opera game (in the same way WFRP3 is designed to the Warhammer setting and not as a generic fantasy setting). You can, with some work on your part, modify either system to suit your specific setting needs, but I like that the base rules have a specific type of game experience in a specific setting in mind. In the case of Edge of the Empire, it feels to me like they're aiming for a combo of Knights of the Old Republic (the BioWare computer rpg for Xbox and PC) and the original trilogy, which I think is terrific (there is as little mention of anything prequel related as I think they could possibly get away with, which is another plus as far as I'm concerned). More specifically with the beta rules and this basic set, they're setting you up to play (fairly desperate -- see my comments on the Obligation rules below) smuggler, bounty hunter, trader type characters operating a spaceship and trying to keep it running while staying one step ahead of their pasts as they adventure around the Outer Rim territories. What they don't do with these rules is make the mistake other designers have made of simply mapping generic D&D classes to sci-fi/space opera/Star Wars, or immediately throwing full Jedi Knight player character rules at you, or having your characters in the thick of the rebellion alongside Luke and Han (which may sound awesome but gets very fanfic very fast).
42	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Sticker Activity Book my arse. This "book" is 2 pages of stickers, folded in half and stapled inside a cover jacket. It's not a book, and there are no activities to speak of, except for peeling off the stickers (robot parts) and affixing them to the back page.
This has proven to be a fun game for most ages, both kids and adults, and can be played with either just two players or a group.  And it's surprisingly logic and strategy-based as well, requiring thinking ahead and improvising to get ahead.  This is one I hope to play for many years to come.
2570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Delightful- gift for age 4 granddaughter who liv
My main complaint is that the set should include more pieces.  I cannot see more than two kids playing with the contents of this set, and even then I think there would be some fighting for scarce pieces.
4543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and I have so much fun with this. It is a great bonding experience. Not too many 12 year olds will unplug and do haiku with their moms:)
What you do:
We like this game so much that I have bought two of the expansions for christmas hoping to give the game a different twist.  I think that is one of the greatest thing about this game, it can be changed simply by getting a new board and a new deck of tickets.
9397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students love this game!!!!!!
8157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My girls love this game, but the board is a bit busy. They sometimes have a hard time following the trail and try to skip ahead too far.
3752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When Android: Netrunner was released a few years back, I thought it looked cool but was just not terribly into card games.  Since then my tastes have expanded, and I've really grown to like Deck Builder Games like Legendary: A Marvel Deck Building Game, and the DC Comics Deck Building Game.  A Living Card Game, AN was a bit of a different animal, but I thought that I'd finally give it a shot.  WHY DID I WAIT?  AN is a fantastic, asymmetrical game that forces players to make tough decisions throughout- the mark of any great game.  Once side plays the corporation, which plays defense, and the other player is the runner, a cyber-hacker, who plays offensive.  The base game comes with three different runner factions, each of which play quite differently, and four corporations, which also play differently.  The game contains a ton of variety.  At its heart, AN is a game of resource management, (how do I spend credits- the game's currency- and clicks- the games actions), and it is a game of risk management (how best do I defend my servers, or how best do I attack servers- there is always a cost!).  Great, great, great game that is as fun as it is addictive.  A living card game, there is already a ton of expansions out there for it, but don't let that intimidate you.  If you are just interested in casual play with friends, as opposed to the tournament scene, the core game is plenty.  You may want to upgrade here and there if you like the game, but it is not a necessity for most gamers.  Regardless, if you like great games- BUY ANDROID NETRUNNER!!!!
8547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Works great
7415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I like this version
Did we have a good time? YES, resoundingly, of course! Everyone wanted to know "when we were going to play again?"....which I thought was pretty darn cool as many here do not partake of activities.
9536	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 5yr old's. The kids had fun playing with  game. They seem to be learning and they like that they can use and check their own answers themselves. I had one similar (multiplication) when I was a kid and I loved it & remember learning my times tables for it.
The book is well made, using identical production standards and techniques as those used in Volume 1: Your Story and reviewed by many, me included. The full-color pages are stitched into a cloth binding and bound between two sturdy cardboard covers featuring evocative artwork suitable to the milieu. Well made, and if you don't get it wet it should last for years.
The Pathfinder Beginner Box is a great value and a great teaching tool. I'll start with the latter. There are condensed rule books that provide you with a simpler - but not dumbed down - version of the rules. Character sheets are clearly laid out so that you know what you're supposed to enter where and when. Thorough and clear explanations are made for both players and dungeon masters, enabling both to really get a feel for what it is that they need to do. There is even an intro adventure to go through solo to get used to how basic concepts in the game work - what die is rolled, when, and how modifiers work. Nothing is overwhelming.
9072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great

I do have a few minor complaints.  The box is IMPRESSIVE and high quality.  The choice of heroes is a bit strange, and I wish they'd included male and female version of both.  The instructions manuals are printed on thin paper, and given the extremely high quality of the other components, they definitely should have made the manuals more durable.  The artwork on the monster cards is boring compared to those from the Dungeon Command series.  I wish they would have made the treasures that Increase Armor Class or Attack "stackable", so that they were easier to keep track of (as in Dungeon Command).  I may mark my cards along the bottom edge to serve this purpose.

5675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game for all ages, its basically a game of creating and constantly recreating rules with a pirate twist.
Bottom Line:  Best family board game in existance.  Anyone can learn to play it relatively quickly.
6173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this crawler so much I wrote an article about it on my blog (starlino dot com). One particular modification I made is a conversion to a larger scale by adding more frame parts. It handles well any terrain. The stock ESC runs without a problem using a 3S LiPo and it is waterproof ! I purchased and installed a rear steering kit for even tighter turns. Great for someone who wants to get into RC crawlers and learn something on the way!
3006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My  son Alexander loves his 5 monkeys! It's pricey but worth it. If you love the book then it's a must have.
6522	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun ! Fun ! Fun !  Game we played this game Christmas Day my 5 year old granddaughter learned it so fast,it was so much fun.


There's no setup involved. All one needs is a fairly large smooth surface to play it on (like a dining-room table). The individual pieces are made of wood and appear to be nearly indestructible. It's compact and stores easily.
4014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great board game, intense just like the video game.  The timed element really sets it apart from other games.
4126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am satisfied and happy with my purchase
I get asked this question a lot: Do you have to read the books to enjoy the game? Absolutely not. Nor are there an abundance of spoilers built in. It does feel good to do battle over a specific area when you know the significance of it, like King's Landing!
9329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	a total thumbs up item: great price, terrific quality, nice sound, perfect mallets, and really nice wrap-around rainforest design!  don't hesitate if you're contemplating buying this item - it's entirely worth it!
1110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun easy to learn game
Although there is a lot to it, the game is pretty easy to grasp after a couple of rounds. Don't let the length of time dissuade you from trying it. It is well worth the time and money it costs ($49.95 retail). The theme is excellent, the game itself is well done in terms of art, components and rules.
Additionally, there are just 50 cards (no including special terrain cards) that are all completely different, no two card is the same, making each game unique. The cards are the same on each side, except one sides background color is blue and the other red to designate each side. When you play a card you use your cards ability and compare adjacent card attack/defense numbers and if your card wins you flip the opponents card or cards over to your side, something like the old Othello disk game.
ENJOY!!!!
3445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and I just got done using her glossy band kit... These are so fun!  She can't wait until she goes back from vacation to give them to her best friends.
5582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a quick game, normally lasts 15 minutes when I play. I give it four stars because it's just not the greatest game in the world and certainly not the best fluxx game available. I just love the theme!
2699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gifted to my nephew, who was very excited he got a Pete the Cat game!

Anyhow, lots of fun, also lots of little pieces...
9154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm an elementary Music teacher, so I'm picky about children's percussion instruments.  This one is durable, has a wonderful, resonant sound, and is very satisfying to play. This is worth every penny, and will provide years of satisfying play. Remo really knows what they're doing with children's percussion instruments.

7803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am so happy I bought this game.  I never had one as a kid but I played last night for the first time with my daughter, 5 and my son, 3 and we had so much fun together.  Although we get very busy we are  going to start having several game nights a week.  The game was interesting enough to hold my 3 year olds attention to the end which doesn't happen often, they got to practice their counting and I got to explain ethics and morals.  The "rules" were very easy to catch on to and their were lots of giggles and laughter! Don't wait any longer to add this to your game room:)
547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A fun twist on word games. This game is good for all ages. Even those not that into games have found this one fun. A good family game.

Once you figure out the gameplay and the strategy, it gets to be a pretty competitive and fun game. It's easy to set up and doesn't take a ton of room. The product description says it takes 20 - 45 minutes to play, but the first time through it took closer to an hour because we were working through all the ins-and-outs of play. I think you could probably get it close to the 40 minute range, but unless cards fell exactly right, I don't know that I'd count on a 20 minute game.
7981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it
1112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game and product.

1600	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	exactly as described.  Good quality product
7714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Classic fun board game.  This is more of a travel size.  Kind of flimsy because of board folding.  Comes with a spinner vs. cards.  Might be good for super young toddlers, but we prefer the bigger board and cards.  This might be good for travel, but will sit on the shelf as a backup to the larger, sturdier board Candy Land game with cards.
3185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's the little groove that does the trick by immediately releasing the aroma, bouquet -- the essence of the wine -- which results in a deeper enjoyment of even a mid-priced wine.  Highly recommended
 With the first new (2) Track expansion slated for release later this month. (Sebring/Chicago)
Included in the rules is way of playing the game by drawing two cards each turn then allowing the player to choose which card to play.  A simple method of introducing decision-making.
- Expensive for a game - all expansions are $$$ too

4121	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great expansion.
1483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great safe kid friendly family game.  Our family has enjoyed playing this one.  See who can take over the most tracks and win.
7388	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game.  My son won't play it with me, he prefers today's electronics.  I play it by myself in the dark and cry.
I'm not sure these changes are for the worse but it definitely changes how the game is played.  It becomes more about playing smart and strategically and less about the exciting "oh, s***!" moments.
4055	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you're buying this, you probably know the product line.  There is nothing to complain about on any FFG X-Wing product.
7822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my daughter is 3 and she learned it quickly and loves this game!

9309	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are very sturdy and well made.
Also in the mix are creepers which are cards that attach themselves to other cards for better or worse.  Typically a creeper prevents you from winning the game tho some goals might actually require it.
Enjoy.
2551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This journal is based on the Japanese trend of "Decoden" (decorating your phone).  It comes with puffy glue, rhinestones, charms, and puffy stickers.  It definitely has a Japanese 'kawaii' (cute) flavor to the decorations.  Note that the puffy paste takes 24 to 48 hours to dry fully, so you might have a really impatient little on on your hands.

It's a great toy for children to play and interact together. I love that no batteries are required, and it's appropriately gender neutral, so my son and daughter both pretend play multiple scenarios with it. (Grocery store, Restaurant, Shoe Store, Carnival)
6883	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Rush Hour is by far the most clever puzzle game I've ever played - totally addictive and a fantastic brain workout, both for my adult mind and for kids as young as 4!  As a teacher I used this game with great success to encourage my students to exercise planning and sequencing skills, I love the way the 40 challenges build in difficulty, allowing players to progress at their own pace while building confidence.
7698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Not the same sturdy game I had for years as a kid. But it's fine. Brings back memories.
I've been telling everyone about this game, and no matter what you read in these reviews, you should 100% own this game. It's great for family, game nights with friends, or even just a 2 player game (how we play).

1662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant to purchase this.  $30 seems like a lot for a small toy that doesn't really get played with along with a book that you read one time per year. My five-year-old found this completely magical and was very excited to find the elf every single day. He is already looking forward to the elf coming out again this year. I had my reservations, but I would highly recommend purchasing this as it can be a treasure for years to come!
5832	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looking for a cheap way to occupy the children for, oh, hours without resorting to television? These are great. I can't pretend they are educational but they do get a pencil into their grubby hands and have them looking at numbers. Children also feel a sense of achievement and completion which is wonderful. Very handy to have for fidgety children at a restaurant.
1245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've really enjoyed this game! My Dad, who isn't really into playing games with us even plays! It's a great family game.  Lots of fun and different every time you play!  I am very happy to have used my birthday gift card on this game :)

8943	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Four-year-old grandson Dax takes out his Gizmos (and his Gears, Gears, Gears) as soon as he gets to my house. He's developing construction skills in his creations, and we have fun making things together. The parts from both sets fit together.
1197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When looking for games that we can play with our extended family, they need to have the following criteria: 1) no acting, drawing, or creative stuff for the shy people, 2) no complicated or changing rules for the impatient people, 3) at least 4 players.  A friend suggested Ticket to Ride and hit the nail on the head! Everyone was happy and we've played it at holiday gatherings the last two years.

7275	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know why companies always feel the need to redesign things. The graphics on this game are really ugly. I purchased one about 8 years ago which had much cuter graphics. A classic game but this version is NOT

3857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another addition to the star wars x-wing game that did not come from the movie but the video game . Put this one ship with almost any combination of rebel ships and the empire will probably have a "BAD" day dealing with it !!!
6170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tuff little helicopter.  Great for beginners as well as the skilled.
1768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This little guy is a lot of fun! This set is a great Christmas tradition for any family, classroom, organization, or group to have. The story is very cute and the illustrations add to it. Not only does the story serve as a nice book to read, it also contains the "instructions" required for having an Elf on your shelf. The packaging looks nice sitting on a bookshelf and stores easily. The little elf is made very well, which is good, because he/she is probably going to be put through quite a bit! Pick up this set and get ready for some Christmas fun!
Pros:  It's a fast paced card trading game.  Everyone goes at the same time and you trade of cards trying to get a complete set.

1147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to teach and play, great intro game.
6403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game
408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this toy. She makes all kinds of cool tings with it. Its good quality and has a nice heavy feel to it.
2991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

1599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wis tricked my mom bot it
The bell makes it easy to tell when you have nine of a kind, rather than trying to shout over everyone else.
3977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Terrific expansion for this game. Really does actually EXPAND the game.

9083	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this drum. I bought it for my 2+ y/o grandson for Christmas,and more important he loved it too. He played it with such authority and attitude. It really was a delight to watch him give us a little concert. It is a nice size, well made and with the padded mallets make a wonderful sound.
3453	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Gift  This cloth book comes in a carrying case which a one year old enjoys carrying around.
2480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Scrabbly is a good game for two people
1900	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Packaging and book is nice. Elf is of low quality. Made of stiff cheap rough felt. The hands are sewn together not Velcro or magnetized and the limbs do not have wire as the older knee hugger characters have thus making it impossible to keep in a pose or hang on most things that you would need to separate the hands to get his arms around. Mine also came with a rub mark on the cheek where paint had been rubbed off. My 17 month old does love to look at it and make him sit up, but it won't last long if I let him play with it. I was really hoping to be able to pose him more easily as that is the main reason I bought him.
8678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	get it for my 12 years old son for Christmas. He loves it. he always wanted one it this, and glowing in the dark was the extra bonus that he didn't expect, but really like.
7433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This one has been around sense I was a little kid. That's because it is fun, bright colors and runs on imagination . It's fun to score a hit with the little ones.
3140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice companion for my daughter. She enjoys playing with it and it keeps her company at night. It is very soft and can handle her playing rough with it. I also found it soft and very hugglable.
5593	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun space version of Fluxx.
6751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	easy to understand and play.
160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i am a customer from china , today i had received this toy for my lovely girl . it is very nice and my taughter is very like it .
2097	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was recommended by many co-woker,s and this product is great. grand kids are all excited and watch for the elf each morning to see where he has moved. It is both the book and the elf included.

1554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's the Elf on the Shelf, what's not to love? So cute and lots of fun. We will have this for years to come.
1919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looking forward to hearing how the Grandchildren will have fun with this

8281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great old time game for little kids.
I could really use about 3 of these, velcroed together end to end in a big circle with the kids trapped inside. It might give me a minute of rest!
7773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old and I play with this a lot and have so much fun.  He likes to pretend he's at the airport ticket counter or grocery store.  It comes with a lot of play money so I put most of it away for later.  This is a fun, educational toy that will last for years.  Every kid that comes to our house loves playing with this. It is not loud and annoying like most kids' toys.  It beeps and sounds realistic.
Summary: If you're looking for a game that is pure joy vs American-based games that are "kill your opponent to the very end and make them miserable along the way", give this game a try.
2734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	it's smaller than you expect but still really cute
Awesome family tradition...so worth the money for something so magical.

1184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun once you get the hang of it.  Family of 5 playing for the first time it was a bit hard with having to explain the details to young kids (7, 9, and 10 years).  Once we finished though they said they enjoyed it.  Expensive.
7986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great educational toy that will teach our daughter about american currency. We love to play "shopping" with her mini shopping cart and play foods and other items from around the house. This will be a great addition to that game.
9415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i bought this for my nephew (2 y/o). it is awesome!! it sounds so good and has a real deep sound. i purposely bought it along with a set of kids bongos to drive my brother crazy.  im 28 years old and i find myself playing it everytime i go over his house.  A year and half now and it is still holding up to the punishment of a 2 year old boy, a 5 year old girl and a 10 month old boy. Def a good buy.
During the second run, I easily cleared all obstacles I high centered on the first run, and did a few more that I flat out  just couldn't do with the stock configuration. with the rear steer mod installed, it turns in about a 3.5 foot circle, before the mod it was more I like a 7 or 8 foot circle. so the mod was definitely worth doing.
All three kids joined me to form a four player game. Explaining the rules wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I was concerned that the whole buying stocks and acquiring would overwhelm the eleven year old, but ironically he ended up winning the game. He randomly bought stock so that he'd try to have more than everyone else, which ended up working out to his advantage unbeknownst to him.
4704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was very interesting for my 6 year old. It is hard to snap the pieces together so they need help. we had trouble keeping the organs in when we put the skeleton in the upright position once we were finished. It has a little book that comes with it about a bite of pizza and how I goes through the body.
1107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and very involved game.  It's not for little kids though.  You have to pay attention and it takes awhile.
4079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Awesome expansion. I enjoy this game quite a lot. I am going to keep purchasing these to get into a very big battle eventually!
2952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome! They are high quality, I don't expect them to fall apart anytime soon.  I don't know why some people can't fit their fingers in the puppets.  I don't exactly have petite hands---ring size 8-- and I don't have any problems fitting my fingers in them.  My 3 year old also, doesn't have any problems using them.  They are made well and made to fit all finger sizes.
4643	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Plastic is a bit hard to pull apart and put back together, feels like its going to snap/break, guts are cool and very sticky, over all cool toy.
1910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!! Exactly what I ordered! Great quality. Can't wait to unveil our new Christmas tradition at thanksgiving. I hope its much fun as I think it is.
Taken together, all of these roles make for a pretty engaging game. I'm withholding one star because the aggregate effect of some of the minor issues I outlined above can start to wear on your nerves. The Commander needs just two or three more seconds to do his job. The Chief Scientist is boring at the end of the game. The Commander isn't REALLY in charge (in fact, the Central Officer has more ability to move pieces off the board and cancel orders).

5986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Id buy this again for 30$
1093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game, works for all ages.  Has strategy and is insanely easy to pick up.  It's a great game to own as a gateway to harder board games.
As I did not open the box, I am giving their review as my own.

4702	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product is better and cheaper Shi
1913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one we have purchased. Such a fun way to get the kids ready for Christmas. We have one for each of my boys and they love it!

906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun! We love this game. Great for family time.  I really enjoy this game, so does the whole family.
2868	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my grandson loved it I wish it was a little bigger
2617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a granddaughter.  It arrived in a timely manner and she stated she has really enjoyed it.  So great gift!
4483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My sister came for a visit.  She had played this game with friends and wanted one for herself.  She was wondering where she could buy it, so I ordered it from Amazon & we had it in two days.  It's fun & really makes you think.
4285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great game. So glad I got it. Much more to strategize than any Fluxx game I have and still lots of fun.
330	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This expansion makes a great game perfect.
8285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Kids love this game, was missing a piece though
We both love it!
2153	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was not sure if my son would like this game.  He is very into sports but also xbox sports games. He loves it.  Once you figure out how to play its alot of fun.  My son is 9 and I recommend this for anyone who has a child into football.
6793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This strategic set's instructional decks allow people of all ages to quickly learn and play the game.


5206	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great buy!
HOWEVER, I think my husband and I may be taking this toy away from him soon, because we're afraid he's going to hurt himself. He shakes this rattle around with such enthusiasm, he keeps smacking himself -- and we know from the times when he smacks us with it that it hurts!
Also, after playing the Beginner's Game, I was hoping for some counters, but again, no love.

9293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These seemingly hand made rooms of furniture are delightful. My granddaughter loves making rooms for them. We have the little 7 person family too.
1884	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my grandson.  Older grandson loves his elf.
There are other parts of the game that come into play such as Neutral Force or Garrison tokens. This stops you from just walking in someplace to take it over. You have to actually commit units to a battle to grab that territory.
1. I Make My Own Luck (Han Solos title card) which reads, Use at the start of a round. Your player claims the initiative token, and he must activate you first this round.  Taking Initiative at the right time can be very powerful in this game, and this card comes with less of a drawback than the generic Take Initiative card in the base game (that one requires you to exhausted an unused deployment card, whereas this one only makes you use Han Solo first).
1519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	After noting that Ticket to Ride continues to be one of the highest-rated board games at numerous board gamer sites, we bought a copy.

154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your little one loves puzzles and this is in her age level, these pouch puzzles are the best thing I have found to take along. Flat, fairly small, light and uses a good amount of time to put together.
1 male half-orc rogue
8207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great, just what we were expecting. thanks again.
361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have many of the new games that have come out. In fact, a whole wall top to bottom. Out of all those games, my family and friends have played this one more than many of the games we have. I really really love this game! It is my first pick when people come over to play and they ask what should they play. I recommend this game.
What can I say--I love puzzles of any kind and this book is fun to do!

6171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	First impression out of the box, This truck is a monster!


AS with all of these Adventure series boardgames, the miniatures are the cheapest RPG miniatures you will find. The dungeon floor tiles are nice and can also be used to generate random dungeons for tabletop AD&D. Also, the Dungeon Command game sets can be integrated into these adventure series games. Simply take the cards provided, shuffle them into your game monster deck. BAM! New monsters to torment you. (With painted miniatures) I take Two different Dungeon Command card sets, shuffle one of them into these games to add an extra flavor to the game. For example, shuffle Blood of Gruumsh into WOA to fight a lot of Orcs and their homies. The game will have a decidedly Orc-centric flavor. Shuffle Tyranny of Goblins into Legend of Drizzt, for a strong goblin aroma.
1 duergar captain
Also taught my dad how to play in 5 minutes so it's great for newbies.
A good time is had by all!


6590	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	4 yr old loved it, but of course didn't capture attention very long
2171	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pooky is one of the better characters.

Pros:
Further, older kids who come to visit us love this rattle as well.  The ten year olds like to make all of the balls land in one sphere or see if they can seperate the balls by color.  It seems that the interest in this particular rattle is endless.
1244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	no problems,  just as ordered
3661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my brother who is also a diehard ME fan. This ship is sturdy and looks great!
7995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We play this with our 3-year old. We opted for this one instead of the one you can buy in stores, because the new one comes with a spinner instead of cards. How are you supposed to get the jump-ahead spots with a spinner that only has the colors on it? And no double colors? Craziness. Anyway, this one is the classic version with the cards and everything. Fun for the little ones.
4519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for game nights or just simply when you and a friend want to pass time.


Now that I have time to kill and nephews that need to get off the computer, I picked up this PBB to introduce them to roleplaying games.
They take actual screenshots from the show & real events to immerse you in the SOA world.
1051	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice, easy and fairly fast paced. It goes well with out family game nights. Can give you some anxiety whilst you wait for that one colour you need complete a line but good fun. I also recommend the Europe version. I think I prefer that one a little more as it has stations that allow you to use other people's lines. It causes less fights 
Your children learn how to read numbers, count, take turns and see whether they go up the ladder for doing good deeds or slide down for doing bad ones.  This is a fun game but it can take some time to play if everyone is unlucky enough to land on a lot of chutes.
The skirmish maps/scenarios look solid and fun, and the if the imperial player wins the campaign mission gets to add Boba Fett to his list of optional deployment cards in future missions (which seems like it would be pretty bad for rebel players).

3682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I was initially very impressed by the magnets, as they are thicker than most flexible magnets are, and I do feel that the quality of the artwork is good. That being said,none of the blue is printed in that color; my House Arryn and House Tully magnets are definitely purple, and the lighter shade on House Arryn wouldn't pass for blue even at a glance. So I like them, and they're of good quality, but the coloring is definitely off for the blue, though all other coloring is dead-on.

My first impression of the box design was that this is going to be an awesome game.  Also after reading reviews and walkthroughs I was already stoked to be getting this game.  Upon arrival though my impression slightly changed (hence the 3 rather than a perfect 5).  Why?  Well upon opening the box and removing some of the parts tokens were falling out extremely easily.  A gentle fan could've pushed off the tokens.  Also after getting to the bottom of the box I noticed that there was barely any space to put any of the stuff even with the sleeves.  I can definitely see storing characters is going to be an issue once I get to the more advanced characters but by then it will probably be a solid month down the line and I may just make my own storage resolution (probably plastic sandwhich bags or a separate "characters only" box).
I still gave this game 5 stars because these problems that I have named are small compared to the fun that a family can have playing a game together!!!!
473	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We enjoy playing Quiddler very much.  The game from Amazon was easy to get and met all of our expectations.
5075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game that is fun for the entire family.  We like puzzle games that require thought and this one delivers.
Price- $20 here


This Edition is excellent. The board is VERY high quality and should last a lifetime. The cards are of a decent stock and do not seem to be the type that will fray at the edges after repeated shuffles and handling. This makes the game worth the price they ask.
666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves it, I find it rather gross, but it's for kids, not grownups.

This is a very common war game ( a simple one), extremely unbalanced when played with less than six players, with an annoying "sudden death" mechanism to end the game. The components are awful (both "boats" - what are that??? - and armies). Why spend time playing this when you have DOMINANT SPECIES, TERRA MYSTICA, BRITANNIA, ECLIPSE, well, a whole lot of things better?
 Im really sorry to apparently be past the  point of finding games like this playable or interesting. Sadder still tha it is one more thing that, in this age of streaming ad portable gaming, that I cant share with the grandkids.
The mechanics are very easy. Collect cards with train cars of the same color to buy enough train cars to cover a route. If there is five blue spaces you need five blue train cards. It really is that simple. There are some wild cards and destination cards that add a bit to the variety, but the what makes this game fun is it's simplicity. Grandparents to grand children can all sit around the table and enjoy this one. My wife and I play and she loves the fact that she can beat the snot out of me in this game.

4329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We don't play by the rules, but everyone loves building crosswords from these letter tiles.  It's great for kids who are learning to read and spell and fun for the family to do together.
When you are ready to move beyond games like "Candyland", "The Game of Life", etc., try this one out.


The GR-75 medium transport brings with it a whole new way to play (i.e., it includes the new epic icon, indicating it can only be played in epic games). So, it includes new rules, maneuver templates, and even TWO new damage deck; one each for the fore and aft sections of the ship. So, the huge ships introduce lots of new things to the game.  Here are some of the key ones that really stood out to me.


7239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you never played this game it's time you did!  I use to play this as a child my mother had this game.  Even though the cards have changed fun this game is still an energetic fun game!  Everyone loves to play this game and it get asked for lending out a lot.  If you are looking for a game that is energetic fun and gets everyone involved you won't have a dull moment with this great game!

66	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a present for my 11 year old daughter.  So far we made one puppy.  And yes, Klutz did not include enough yarn.  We can easily buy more yarn, so this isn't a problem, more an annoyance.
7288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's cand land and a classic what more do you want.
763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game and best price around


5993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great for fans of the TV SHOW! Lots featured from the show in the rule book including photos and detailed explanations, which is very well written. it is truly a game of negotiations and alliances. You are dealing in contraband and guns with the object being to get as much money as you can.
4823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good and accurate model for curious kids to explore the layers of organs in a body by taking a toy apart and putting it back together. Initital 'wow' factor was diminished by a great colorful big picture on the box and a considerably 'smaller' (by comparison) model that came out of it. I wish the size of the figure was significantly bigger, but I knew the size limitations by reading the reviews when I ordered it. The biggest value of this toy for us was educational, that a kid CAN explore inside the layers of a body, organize the body parts on the body chart, and put them back into the model. There was LOTS of help required from adult, and at times only the adult could 'work' the toy and the kid got dis-interested if a step took too long. I am afraid the toy won't last long, as few prongs (that hold the hard parts) bent and and an organ or two tore/ripped off during the first use. The shell/skin and organs seemed definitely to small for adult hands, and sometimes to 'loose/fragile' and tiny in child's hands also. Kid are not gentle with toys in general, but they needed extra reminders of the 'squishy' factor of our internal parts. This actually was an added educational bonus for us, that it took patience and skill to put it back together (easier to take it out). Also, we could say that we need to be 'kind' and 'gentle' with/to our bodies, because they are soft and squishy inside and sometimes even 'breakable'. The kid seemed not to be 'grossed out' by the way the organs feel, and for that I am giving one extra star for the 'fun' factor with respect to the 3 star durability. If you play it "right", there is 'extra value' included in the package about the fragility of human life/body in general. Great begginer toy if you want to 'demonstrate' something following along  the included Human Body book or any other 'HB' book you might have. This was our overarching goal --- to have 'hands on' model to go along with what you read about in books at this stage of kid develpment when they are curious about their bodies. Overall it was fun to 'touch' and experience something that otherwise it is only flat picture in the book. It is yet to be determined how many 'full use' (in and out) cycles we can get from it :)
4910	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful game, fun, fun, fun & great quality :).
7438	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic. kids never grow tied...especially with the trash talking that comes with winning lol
749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love it. could play it for hours.
6335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very good product excellent delivery
Pros: Realistic looking money. Great sounds. Great feel of money and register. Lightweight.
5056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Young and old alike enjoy this game.  Had a great time at the holidays!
1190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We LOVE this game! It's really such a blast to play. We saw it on Table Top and had to have it. We also purchased it for my niece is is on the spectrum for autism. We did our research and it's a great game for any age.
*minor spoiler* PS. I always get those monkeys. I don't know how it happens, but I always end up with the monkeys.
5152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great for kids and adults alike.  This is our favorite game.  I highly recommend it!!!
5291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My six year old granddaughter can grasp it and we all enjoy playing it together.  Can be played and enjoyed at different levels (i.e. with or without defensive measures).
The game is not complex but has some interesting decisions to make each turn. Because of the theme and aggressiveness, its not for everyone. If you and your gaming group enjoy games where players attack each other outright, you will probably enjoy this game. Takes 60-90 minutes to play, and is best at 4 players or more (5-6 players with the expansions), because when having a bloodbath, the more, the merrier.
6156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our second helicopter. The first was a from Burlington Coat Factory. It worked okay but the control of the helicopter was very difficult.
717	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I adore this game. Its super simple to learn, fun to play, takes a little strategy, but is overall just fun!
It is for 2 - 5 players, but the more players there are, the more challenging it becomes because everyone is competing for areas on the map.
5894	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite games of 2014... with 7 plays already logged in and  am sure that number will keep growing. See what Feld has done here is really cool... very simple straightforward game play which consists of two things: You either programn a robot, or you place a robot.. simple as that. But there is a lot of depth underneath that simplicity... so many things to consider and pay attention to. In my opinion, this is a purely tactical game where you have to accept that your plan will not always work, and therefore you will have to adapt to the changes that other players cause.. and simply go for something else when that happens. In the process of all of that.. there's certain things that you have to watch out for.. like always having a crystal to advance the red progress line on the score tracker(without it, you will not be able to get past it and can lose a bunch of points) making sure that you're not surrounded by octopods in the areas your robot controls ( because that will penalize you for a bunch of points). For Feld fans.. you're familiar with that vintage Feld punishment that can come about if your affairs aren't in order. For those of you that don't.. beware because this game can be very brutal but also very rewarding if you play well. If that sounds like something that you like though.. I totally recommend it. PS:Production is through the roof here so expect to see some really great components and artwork. You will get your money's worth.
1014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A modern classic board game.  This game is one that everyone should have.  It is super simple to learn, and appeals to a big audience.  Board games can be a weird thing, sometimes describing a board game doesn't sound like any fun.  But, when you play it, somehow it is.  This is one of those games that you don't actually know who won until the very end of the game, which is a huge plus for me.  Nothing is more boring than a 2 hour game of Monopoly that has a very obvious winner 30 minutes in.
1732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ELF JACK HAS BEEN WELCOMED TO OUR HOUSE AND KIDS LOVE HIM!
7622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Not the sturdy game I had for years as a kid. Maybe should have looked for a vintage version. But that's progress and I'm old. My kid loves it anyway.
5533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another fun and quick game by the Fluxx team. this one as you can tell adds in the world of Oz and is a fun game to play
6163	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son wanted this for Christmas, but his Christmas budget had already been spent...so after watching videos and reading the reviews, my husband decided he had to have one. LOL!  He flies it regularly and even lets our 11 year old son fly it now and then.
8720	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Did not glow. I feel mislead because it's very small. I know it says mini but the pic on the box looks bigger than it actually is. Also the picture shows the whole thing glowing which it doesn't! Ours didn't glow at all! My daughter asked me to return it. That's how unimpressive this is. Also it cost as much as the huge one I bought for my son.


"How many months have 28 days?"
8862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my older child then she was about 1. She's now 4 and still loves it. It's been a soup pot for pretend play almost as often as it's been a drum. It also stores most of her other instruments when not in use.

7268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	a classic game for young players - still as much fun as it always was. BIG hit!

2781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
8578	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This game takes to much effort to figure out and play.  So we have not taken it out again to play it since Christmas.  The other games, Dweebies, Sleeping Queens, and ARGH! are way more fun!
8272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Alot to set up....jeshhhhhh....geeshhhhh
3441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm so glad that I got this kit for my son's 1st birthday party. The one kit lastest the entire party with alot left over for one or two more parties. The book also gave alot of fun face painting tips, which will be well used again and again. The paint didn't smear at all, unless you wanted to take it off and then it came off with a damp cloth. The painted designs actually had such a smooth glossy look to it. No complaints here!
Summary
The "Plunder" card introduces significant card swapping among players.
6934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice quality and get for all ages.  A great learning tool.
(See Comments section below for link.)


5976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a Christmas present and is currently wrapped and under the tree.
The plastic tiles are easy to use and like the compact size of the board. The whole box is lightweight for the convenience of travel. Although I would not recommend this for kids in a moving vehicle unless its an RV.
I only gave it 4 stars because it's not the highest quality plush ever (there are a few loose strings that need to be snipped off and due to the chibi stylization of these particular plushies a few of them are top heavy. Also the red dot on Espeon's head IS IN FACT glued on, however that is apparent in the picture.), but it's definitely worth the price. Also the shipping took a long time (about a month), but it was FREE and DID arrive on the estimated date. It just takes patience!
The best thing about this game is that there's nothing really complicated.  The kids don't even have to know their colors to play.  They just need to match up the color on the card with the color on the board.
The game itself is really fun to play, and great for all ages.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bananagrams/dp/1932188126/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bananagrams</a>
3586	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great party favor but I guess I mis read the size because they are really tiny. Still, kids loved them and would buy again for the price!
7783	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just finished putting this together and very pleased w how sturdy and well built it is. We had a plastic craftsman workbench and our little boy would pull on the front and tip it over on him. This is much heavier and he can't even come close to tipping it over. Very easy to follow instructions and well packaged. Very pleased!
Recommended for fans of Twilight!
3546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great price and arrived just in time for Halloween!


OVERALL
9040	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game
638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a game he and his friends play all the time, but without cards, so he loved the option of showing his friends, look this is a real game.
3031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	LOVE!!!
2012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	They were excited to see where the elf moved each day and what "trouble" or funny thing they did while they were sleeping. Fun tradition will do every year.

3015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was given as a gift to a couple who were honeymooning at Disney.
2686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	purchase for grandchildren 7 and 4 to play together, they love pete the cat
 - You can establish a market trade engine so that you activate your buildings to sell goods and earn points,
391	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It's a cute doll. I thought she would be bigger and that her "stomach " would be bigger too. It isn't easy to remove animals from the dolls' mouth.
I can't wait to get more tracks.
6504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year twins are really enjoying this game. I love that it is a solo player. Comes in a cute travel bag too.
2641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an amazing little book for kids.  Whenever my middle school child would  have a school project to do, she would bring out my scrapbooking stuff and a lettering book of mine.  I saw this and bought it for her and it comes with its own cool stencils and lots of neat ideas for making letters.  When they have to make posters or fancy titles for papers, this book comes out and they get good ideas on how to make their school work look nicer.

Randy


5094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a great game, it's fast to play and easy enough that anyone can pick it up quickly.  It's a simple matching of colors or shapes but there is a strategy with not wanting to set up someone else's qwirkle while still scoring high yourself.  Clever placement can go a long way to a win.
5727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Keep your Fluxx play in more flux by adding Star Fluxx or playing it stand-alone. While this is not our favorite theme Fluxx game it mixes well with any of the others and plays well on it's own too. If you've ever played any other Fluxx and have a desire to reach for the stars then this one might just be for you.

9004	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	That swap card is a game changer
7768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice game to learn counting but whenever my son lands on a chute and slides down, he gets upset. He doesn't like the naughty part where he has to slide down but he likes the part where he lands on the ladder and do a good deed to climb up. This game kind of enforces the concepts of rewards for good deeds and consequences for bad deeds.
5676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This one is one of the most recent versions we've purchased. Whole family loves it. Great game, love how the rules constantly change.
3450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my litle one and it's a hit!  I love that it gives her the opportunity to interact with the story and I can see her fully invested in Elmo's getting ready for bed (her favorite parts are helping him to brush his teeth, squeaking his toy in the bath, and helping to find David in the toy chest).  For any Sesame Street loving kid, this book hits the spot.
7959	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The blatant sexualization of the female characters pictured inside the board, which are not shown in the pictures, is very disappointing. Shame on me for not reading the reviews before the purchase.
4080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this ship and it is very detailed! Can't wait for more ships to come out! I will buy more to grow my fleet,

It's one of if not the best expansion choice
2584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5yr  old granddaughter will be thrilled!  Got it on time for her birthday box and book has lots of activities!  Good deal for the price too
1066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this as a present for my husband and he is in love with the game.. It requires a mix of strategy and luck.. A bit difficult to understand at first but once you start playing it becomes super easy. Played with my 12 year old brother who also loves the game.
But with Ticket to Ride, we have a real winner.  There's enough strategy in it that you can make or break your game on your own merits, but there's also enough element of chance in it (and the strategy isn't typically too deep) that younger kids will enjoy it too (as long as they're old enough to grasp the game mechanics in the first place).  Light-hearted, fairly fast-paced, and - excuse the cliche but seriously - fun for the whole family!
135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was irresistible because my granddaughter loves this pigeon. It was fairly pricey for what it is, but sometimes you just have to bite the bullet and buy the toy.
If I had any disappointments with this Fourth Edition they are minor.  The game board itself is too huge, taking up my entire kitchen table, which means that when I pick up any future expansions (of which I hope there will be many after&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Reaper/dp/158994464X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Reaper</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dungeon/dp/1589945018/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dungeon</a>and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Frostmarch/dp/158994691X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Frostmarch</a>) I will have to move to the floor in order to have a space large enough to play.
*Clone Chip (4) Shaper loves the tutor.  Well what about a little recursion?  Excellent card.


I heartily endorse the Pathfinder Beginner Box.  I actually bought a second one, just for the reference material and extra pawns alone.  If you're brand new to RPGs, this is a great place to start.
3026	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love Sizzix Bigz!  I really hate buying other dies because you can use lightweight chipboard with the Bigz.  I do have trouble using a medium weight (57/58pt).  But the lightweight (24pt) works really well.
1873	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Cute concept. My son liked it but wasn't obssesed like some kids. It is a lot of work to come up with new ideas, only downfall.

5679	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a gift and brought a smile of anticiaption.
6371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift!

4389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for all in the family
995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has become our new favorite family game. I had never heard of it until a month ago and decided with such great reviews I should give it a try and order it.  My sons are 6 and 8 years old and both love it equally. We love strategizing our routes and showing each other what we have been planning at the end of the game. It truly is a fantastic game and I can see why it is so highly rated.

1699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Finally got to use it but kept forgetting to replace it kids loved it..

 - nobody feels dumb - you can approach how to answer the questions in whatever form you wish: you can try to please the Judge, you can try to be the class clown & make with the silliness, you can simply try & entertain yourself...
5187	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	my eight year old girl never plays with this game... :(
4173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	With the new "extra munnitions" card. I can literally bring 4 proton bombs, and a ton of missiles for just 2 points!

Guess what? You HAVE to buy this expansion. It's absolutely essential. It brings an intelligent and logical series of additional rules/mechanics that make an already good game, great. I never really felt anything was lacking from the core game in the sense that, "oh boy, this is only mildly playable but lacks a lot...guess an expansion will be coming soon..." Which is my main complaint about a lot of expansions (play Lord of the Rings:LCG to understand how a core game lacks key components to fully flesh it out). However, this expansion will make you wonder how you ever got along without it (it's that good - but doesn't feel like "a fix" to the core game).


3257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. Lots of fun, lots of rules. With six people this could be a long drawn out battle for supremacy! Too much for my ten years old, but teens loved it.
6249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
3114	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Small engine mechanic so sometimes you need a smaller more versatile tool. this is great for that. fist good in my hand ratcheting bearings feel robust. I really do enjoy this tool.
3786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it'll change your life!  i love it, but it puts my wife to sleep.  there is a lot going on in each turn.  VERY IN DEPTH.  i love this kind of heavy game.  but beware if you are just looking for a light game, it's not for you.
759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Moved to the "play often" shelf of our game closet. It's everything you've heard. It's really fun. Requires planning and strategy. My son learning names and locations of cities he's not familiar with in the US. Can't wait to get the European version. A definite buy, and keep.
7512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic kids game. My niece loves the game. It's great for multiple players so everyone can play.
6283	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a bootleg item, that's why it's so cheap. Not that I'm saying you shouldn't buy it, but if you're looking for the legitmate item you're in the wrong place.
6139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Right outta the box, this is a fun toy for all ages.  I purchased 2 of these (1 for myself & 1 for my son).  There is a learning curve for the inexperienced flyer like myself.  After a few flights you will get much better at controlling, hovering, and landing (with fewer crashes).  ***A quick tip...if you find yourself about to lose control, ease off of the controls and let it hover...it'll save your equipment.
1469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this for Christmas, and what a fun game. We played with a variety of people and age levels, and everyone seemed to enjoy it. It isn't complicated, so even if you have younger people (or a lot older, for that matter), they'll be able to play with you. The game also takes a reasonable amount of time, meaning that it isn't very lengthy like Settlers or even Monopoly tends to be. You should be able to get a few rounds in during a game night with friends.
7850	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic game and fast shipping!

5594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for all ages!
2) It's simple enough that a young child could play and enjoy it.
782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	can't go wrong with this boardgame
6165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product works fine. Flies and handles much better than those small nano quads. Great night flyer due to multiple led's. Accesories, (order ala carte), are fun and work great. Have not used camera yet.
290	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these because I play D&D and it's a great price for the minis. I'm very pleased with the quality of the minis. I haven't even played the Dungeon Command game yet, and I'm already satisfied with the quality of the minis for playing D&D. I'll write an update once I have a chance to play the Dungeon Command game to give a review of it too.
It also came with a pad of paper which my children went through in about two days.  Not sure why they included the pad of paper which was mostly useless.
Contents:  103 unique playing cards, 96 point chips and 1 rule book
The Slave I is a match to the X-Wing in attack and agility. In addition, it can perform a Koiogran turn at speed 3 and has double the hull and shields, plus an additional back firing arc.

The set includes a game-board, DVD (you need a TV and DVD player or PC capable of playing DVDs), trivia cards, "Fate" cards, dice, and metal game pieces.
1205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game! I knew I just had to purchase it for a 9-year-old boy that asked for board games for Christmas.
7123	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. I love that this game came with the bear and bull cards. Also, the bell. Ive loved to play this game since I was little. So fun to play this with my own children now.
71	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As advertised.
756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are a game loving family and Ticket to Ride did not disappoint. Our 7 year old twins were able to play with minimal help from us and they really enjoyed it.


Even though we've NEVER seen the show, the game was easy to understand and play. It does feature crime, and it is NOT a game for young children, it says 13 and upl, but some teens might not be ok to play it. (Know your child!).  It also has small pieces of round tokens, square heat tokens, dudes, prospects, dice, guns and bags.  The gangs are the One Niners, the Mayans, the Lin Syndicate, and SAMCRO.
656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
5268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for our five year old and was pleasantly surprised at how much fun it is for the whole family. So glad we got this game!

This simple tool prevents "surprizes of the unwanted type" from happening. (humor)  It lights up at differing levels of intensity depending on the voltage present:  Once you use it a couple of times on voltages from 50 VAC to 600 VAC, you will have no trouble recognizing the differences in the lamp's intensity. Note:  it is a neon gas filled lamp that has no filament to break if you drop it.  This is my 3rd unit and like I said, and I hate being without it for it works better than almost anything else: it is light weight, long enough to hold on to well, long enough tips to penetrate into the test point / socket, or duplex prongs well, and works great.

4889	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I cannot comment personally on this item but I do know my grand dayghter truly appreciates it and has already completed it since Christmas Day.  Santa could not have brought her anything better than this type of activity.
During my first few games with my brother-in-law, we had to Google the effects of several cards, as their text wasn't clear or easily understood. Add to that the sheer number of keywords and abilities available, and it can make for a very steep learning curve. You *will* be making extensive use of the 36 page rulebook during your first several games.
1895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Article and On Time Service

If you like playing with words, it's very likely that you'll be taking a banana-case full of Bananagrams with you everywhere.
9133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If  you have a child that loves to play drums, get one of this brand. The sound is amazing, and it is just fabulous.
Even flying  Animals go crazy
3556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got these for our teal pumpkin treat last Halloween. The trick or treaters loved them! I was really surprised how many kids took them -- they definitely didn't all have allergies or food sensitivities, so they picked them over the all the candy we offered.
3422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had looked to purchase this book locally and the least expensive price I could find was $24.99.
9156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good!!
3566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute stickers for a very reasonable price!
2126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book contains the rules for a FATE RPG variation based in the world of the Dresden Files novel series. I have read the books, and this rulebook in particular, and they are all an excellent and interesting read. Your Story takes things a step further by allowing you (and your friends) to step into the world of the Dresden Files and play your way through your own story. The book itself is well-written, with hilarious annotations and notes on almost every page. The illustrations are similarly gorgeous. In short, LOVED IT.
1352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game, lots of fun. I even simplified the rules and had my 4 year old playing. Really a lot of fun even with some novice game players
 - plays quickly - a huge plus for party games
6860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great family game. Young children can play this game as well as adults. My son who is four loves this game. It is a traditional game with a new look. Some of them are a little bit difficult in that the matches might have different backgrounds or be a silghtly different view of the same item. It makes you think.
1692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awsome
It's a dice game but it involves lots of strategy too.
9528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	hide and seek and reading nook.
4786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got it today...  great teaching tool for the kids.  The ONLY reason it didn't get 5 starts was because the very fragile plastic that held the skull together broke the same day (today).  Otherwise I would have loved it.
1616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children loved the book and elf! We now have a new family tradition at Christmastime!
- Crazy Eights and Go Fish can be easily played with a standard deck of playing cards.  The only difference being that these cards are larger and have child friendly illustrations.  The Go Fish deck actually has different types of fish with interesting facts about each.  So while you're playing, you can be learning about the intricacies of fish as well!
7385	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A fun family game.  It is very fast paced, and we laugh are rear ends off every single time we play this game.  You want fun with a bit of noise and a great time, this is the game for you.
7077	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was totally hooked after the first time I played this game.  It really makes you think on your feet as you try to get your teammates to guess the highlighted word on your card without saying the other printed "taboo" words.  After a few turns, I caught on to the idea of describing the actual word or putting it in a reference that my teammates would understand.  It was hysterical hooking up with close friends or family who could figure out what I was trying to get at with odd clues that no one else quite understood.  I told my Mother about this game and she was excited to learn and we bought it for a party.  Some of the guests were apprehensive about playing at first, but after watching the rest of us, they all wanted to join in.  This is a great game to play with 4 or more people with guaranteed laughs.  As far as the buzzer goes... it is a bit annoying, but the guys especially enjoyed using it when time ran out or a taboo word was said.  I think it added to the laughs and the fun of the game.  After playing a few times, you become accustomed to the particular word set, so I recommend the booster sets as well as the newer edition of the game.  PLEASE BUY THIS.  I GUARANTEE YOU WILL HAVE FUN!
5704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	a good gift for a game playing friend who can be hard to buy for.  This game comes in several versions, which is nice to adapt to other intersts that they have.
At any time (and as often as they like), a player can return a troublesome letter back to the bunch (face-down, of course). The catch is that they must take three letters in return. The player declares this by saying "DUMP!". This doesn't affect any of the other players.

The rules are fairly well written, however they use a lot of jargon from the show.  You need to really get familiar with what they call each piece and each type of card before you get too deep in to the game.  A large play mechanic has to do with 'standoffs', gangs fighting other gangs, and that comes into play depending on how aggressive the players are.  In the spirit of the show, maybe its more fun to be more aggressive than usual though.
4853	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my daughter who is ADHD and she likes it but my husband enjoyed it most LOL
It was a bit overwhelming in the beginning as there is a lot to read and take in, but Paizo created an adventure that is included that walks you through the entire adventure. Creating a character is super easy as well. Paizo created a walkthrough for creating the character that makes it very easy to fill out each box with the appropriate info and explains what each thing does and why.
3711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful game. Much like stratego but we like it better.
(5) Soldier tokens -- which replace the use of the dice during the Winter Phase (Phase 8).
9018	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I was excited about the idea of a little toy for my 19-month old that made music in the tub.  From the description of the toy, you'd think that's what this was.  First of all, tapping the dolphins on the head makes either a ridiculous whistling noise that can barely be called a note, if it works at all.  Most of the time, they don't really work at all.  And, as stated in other reviews, the ring does NOT stay together in the tub, making it hard to keep track of them and play any kind of "song" whatsoever.  That being said, it's a cute toy if you're just looking for a brightly colored, floating tub toy, and for that purpose, my daughter likes it.  Just don't expect it to be much else.
1675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephews loved their Elf on a shelf. We had a lot of fun with it.
Overall, this is another great model for Star Wars collectors and an interesting (and expensive) fighter from the EU.


3465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I personally didn't use this item, but the person that got it was very excited and seemed to be very happy with it.
8641	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect toy. Just as advertised!
8140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game.
4788	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We have a 6 year old grandson who had a great time learning about how the body works. I found some difficulty putting the pieces in securely, but, that being said, the education you can learn about outweighs the inconvenience.  We are enjoying itl.
7179	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My preschooler loves this game... Even when she gets a card that sends her back to the beginning of the game... The fact she gets a card with a candy picture made her day.
1822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, exactly as ordered.
645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game for kids and parents alike to play together. really alot of fun to use. makes ya think out of the box. great product.
8940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have this for our twins, they LOVED IT! Now that other family members are having babies this item is a staple in my gift giving. It's fun, safe and helps develope a love for music while aiding in hand eye cooridnation.

5133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids
2920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I did pay a lot of money but it was worth it.. it is brand new like I wanted, just the one I remember as a kid. Love it, very pleased!

The rules system is by necessity very involved (not difficult; involved). It is my opinion that a GM new to FATE-style games would need to read just about the entire book before it began to make complete sense. This has certainly been my experience. Skimming the rules proved to be inadequate to running the game this time (I'm a GM of 35 years standing in many other game systems).
This body does not have gender specific organs at all, so it's not technically a male or female, bit we decided to name ours "Mr. Guts" who just so happens to have a brother named "Mr. Bones" that lives with us.
1162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Game!  Purchased two years ago and the whole family still enjoys playing this game.  My kids were 6, 7 and 8 when I got it and everyone understood the rules and how to play.  Now that they are older, they are beginning to play more strategic (thanks to their dad!) and it's become a cut throat game night for us.  But all fair in love and war!  Would definitely recommend if your family enjoys playing board games!
If you look for toys that are fun and versatile and easy to use, this is a good toy. If you look for toys that will grow with the child this looks like it'll last a long time for my two year old to grow out of. If you look for toys that do encourage the child to explore his/her world and will do more than just let him/her push a button, this is the toy to get.
1867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grand babies have loves every min of this as it was delivered
2330	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our entire family loved Christopher! The book is great, the elf is cute and friendly. We had fun finding new spots to move him, and our girls couldn't wait to get downstairs to find him.
3539	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	used these to decorated name plates for food items.  they worked great  they were cute too
Be ready to be LOUD - right now I can hear shouts of "Three, three, three" and laughter and I'm not even on the same floor as the Pit-Players!
4278	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Being a huge Monty Python fan is probably a requirement to buy this game, but any familiarity will make it fun to play. We have planed this game several times with two players and they are usually short games. I can imagine that a full table playing this would draw it out, but it would be even more crazy. I don't think there is more than a half dozen cards that are uniquely Pythonesque (like giving a bonus if you speak with a funny accent), but the game makes good use of the theme, drawing mostly from from Flying Circus and Holy Grail. My favorite card is "The Animator" which depicts Terry Gilliam at his drawing desk!

6612	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great classic game that I loved as a child and now my son plays.  The game goes on for a bit which makes it fun and it's not babyish.  A lot of games get boring pretty quickly, but not trouble.
341	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lords of Waterdeep is an awesome game and so are the two expansions included in Scoundrels of Skullport.  While I think that the game becomes 'crowded' when trying to use both expansions at the same time, they are great additions whether used separately or together.  The corruption influence adds a nice mechanic to the game that tends to bite greedy players in the end.  The only minor issue that we have with the entire system has to deal with inadequate scoring and building tokens.  We regularly exceed 200 points before the end game (and >300 rarely) and have had several occasions where there were not enough building owner counters.  Neither are deterrents for such an excellent game however.
9352	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BOOM!  BOOM! My kids (and all of their friends) love this drum. We originally saw it in our music class.  It's high quality, sturdy, sounds and looks great.  We love it. I see why it's called a Gathering Drum.  It's like a magnet for people and fun.
Game play:
it's sad what has happened to this game...they should have left it well enough alone a few versions ago...
9203	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best toys that I have ever seen.  I have got this back in 2012 and it still works great and my kids still use it (they are 2 and 5) I have a lot of play dates and everyone is always asking me where I got this toy.  They put toys on top of the spinners and watch them go round and round to they stack them up to see how high they can get them to go as they go around.
The manufacturer has other games in the Ticket to Ride series that work off the same basic gaming system, though with differing degrees of skill (through additional rules and trickier city layouts). Expansion kits exist, too, so players familiar with the game can get an additional kick out of their existing set. Lastly, an online, multi-player, interactive version of the game can be played through the manufacturer's Web site.
The cash register is plastic, with a functioning solar powered calculator. It makes a ka-ching noise when the money drawer opens, and has paper bills, plastic coins, and a pretend credit card. My kids have been pretty gentle with this toy (more so than other toys), but is has taken a couple accidental falls from higher surfaces such as our cat stand (dont ask) without incurring any damage.
OK, it's not&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Slurm/dp/B001BZCBA0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Slurm</a>&nbsp;(obscure&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Futurama/dp/B000JJ3Y7I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Futurama</a>&nbsp;reference, sorry), but the motto still applies - this Pet Promise food is highly addictive! I was excited about trying Pet Promise because it hits all the right eco-hippie notes that I tend to be so concerned about - it's made in America, so it's patriotic AND locally-grown, it's high in protein and low in corn fillers, and it's made with good ingredients without added hormones, antibiotics, or 'flavors'. From their website:
9190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Its not bad.. looks beautiful, love the mallot/drumsticks, the sound is a bit sort of tinny though, I was expecting somethign different perhaps.. I have found using regular drumsticks gets a slightly nicer sound.. and also if you put something inside it, it helps baffle a little of the sound, takes some of the 'steel drum' and volume out of it (if it gets a bit noisy!).
5442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for Christmas gift.
Our cards warped a little one a humid night, but it wasn't horrible.
8844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	came oval and stayed that way...
Buy it, you won't regret it.
The market is also extremely volatile, changing constantly at the drop of a hat.  Luckily there are only four resources so the challenge here it to time your resource gathering of a specific type with when you think itll be in high demand.  If you see your opponent about to sell stone at 5, for example, then you know that all the resources behind it will move up.  As such, it might be a good idea to plan ahead and gather say, livestock, so that you can cash in just as it becomes a high-valued commodity.
You have to be a little aware of snarky teenagers that might collect one of every tradable item and snickers while everyone frantically tries to trade their cards.

3501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pathfinder is a game where you create or pick a character and become that character and have a fantastic adventure right at your table! Now the recommended age is 13+ but the Beginner Box was used to teach kids as young as 4 (the Gentleman!) at Gen Con! That is actually (of course) how we discovered it and we are hooked!
469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	lot's a fun in a small box
4093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice!  Big, beautiful and the perfect service for X Wing!  A little overpriced, but don't regret the purchase.  And far better than buying fabric and trying to make your own!
4980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for kids and families
5350	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I thnk that this game is great for a wide range of ages/abilities.  We played initially with our 6 year old and we decided to count the quirkles.  That made it more acceptable for her age.  If we had kept score as outlined in the instructions, she would have lost miserably.  But, as it was, she hung in there and did a great job.
Overall, Bananagrams is a great Scrabble substitute.  In fact, everyone I've played with actually likes this game better than Scrabble.  To top it off, the high quality letter tiles come in a banana-shaped pouch, which is great for travel.
6349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Among the classic board games that has become a part of American culture.  A child is not a child unless he or she has played battleship.  A training in search patterns and comprehension of results that are returned to you.  Can you create a more effective and efficient search pattern then your peer.  Can you create a ship target pattern that is harder to detect based on the strategy your peer uses.  A great game.
401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm very pleased with this puzzle.  First each train car is 98% complete on each piece.  It leaves just a small part of the animal(s) "missing" which helps the child locate the next piece (for example, part of the 5th seal is missing on the #5 train car -- my nephew looked for the seal's face in order to find the #6 car as he doesn't yet recognize the numerals.  The pieces are thick and will last a long time.  The pictures are attractive without being too busy although the pics on the higher numbers are not placed for easy counting.
Event Deck - This deck of cards is shuffled and at the beginning of each year a new card is turned over with instructions that pertain only to the coming year.  These cards affect all players.  Some cards are pleasant, some are not, but it adds another small dimension to the game.
This game is set in a Cyberpunk future. In fact, it's based on a 1980's roleplaying game&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cyberpunk-2020-The-Roleplaying-Game-of-the-Dark-Future/dp/0937279137/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cyberpunk 2020: The Roleplaying Game of the Dark Future</a>.
8407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought as a gift for sisters aged 7 and 4, they have had lots of fun already and im sure will continue to do so.  Good value for an old classic game.
 - it simplifies the Wits & Wagers scoring - I love Wits & Wagers... but the betting system is tough for non-gamers to wrap their heads around. Say Anything uses the same kind of system in a way that's friendlier to non-gamers. (Note: I have not played Wits & Wagers: Family, which evidently has much more non-gamer friendly scoring.)
836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Alan moon really did a good job with this little number!

2769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A very cute cat,perfect size to hold it and very colorful! And of curse those groovy buttons are so cute! I got this for my son and his takes it without him all the time
7869	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun family game, my sons favorite...i must say I quite enjoy playing also. :)  they take it everywhere we go to pass time when waiting or visiting.
4720	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really cool, but clear shell doesn't go together very well.
2520	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I would have gone one step further and have the tiles snap into place instead of just resting between the pegs. That would make little brother attacks less damaging :) The tiles are a bit more difficult to handle due to their reduced size but nothing terrible. The tile racks work well enough on a nice flat surface but will tilt over fairly easily on anything else.
The book that comes with it, while cute, is definitely not one of my favorites to read. My son asks for it to be read once when Christopher first comes and then not again. Still, very cute and I highly recommend.

7992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember this game from being a kid, and I purchased this one for Children's Hospital LA.  Still as cute as ever!
7694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the little ones.
3995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having never played XCOM the video game, I didn't know what to expect from XCOM The Board Game.  Knowing that Fantasy Flight Games was behind it, however, made picking up this game a no brainer.  In XCOM The Board Game one to four players take on specific roles in order to fight an alien invasion of Earth.  One player plays the Commander, who must keep track of the budget, deploy interceptor aircraft to fight UFOs, and choose which Crisis card the team will have to deal with.  The Chief Scientist must choose which tech to research and how many resources will be devoted to each research.  The Squad Leader will be responsible for selecting missions, deploying four different types of soldiers to accomplish the missions, and deploying soldiers to defend XCOM's headquarters.  The Central Officer is in charge in satellites, which are used to combat UFOs in orbit.  All players have starter cards and can gain techs which allow them to use special abilities to help to the team.  Everything the team deploys, from interceptors, to soldiers, to scientists, to satellites, must be paid for out of the budget, and so players must constantly negotiate with the rest of the team for everything they want to do.
The tiles are very high quality and my only complaint is that indoor lighting can make the red/orange tiles appear the same color and the purple/blue look the same too.  A pretty small complaint, all said.  Much fun!
4476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love bananagrams!  We give this as a small gift often!  Such fun!




1940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute! Exceeded expectations! Awesome price. My kids will love this little elf. Cannot wait to put our little elf on the shelf. 
4281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Some of the cards in Monty Python Fluxx have you performing songs or quotes from the movie, so it really pays to be nuts for Monty Python. The other Fluxx games don't seem to have such a strong dependency on knowing a certain subject well, so this is "hard Fluxx" in my opinion. It's still lots of fun, and I have had quite a bit of practice with my sparrow quotes and singing the Lumberjack song after playing a few games of this.
7594	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	we use it everyday to learn about money, love this cash register.
5663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of this game, the pacing is random and chaotic. However, it arrived missing five cards (among them the Cover card itself Cthulu) rendering a surprising number of goals to be unattainable.
3297	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We were introduced to Colossal Arena through my wife's sister and loved it so much we decided to order it as soon as we got home and so we did and it arrived and is great. Fairly easy game to explain and a good measure of luck vs strategy but just a really fun occasion with none of the tenseness that can be associated with some competitive games. Quite a quick game as well so maybe 30 to 45 minutes for a game. Really a worthwhile addition as a fill in between some longer games of Settlers and Stone Age...
1119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Stands the test of time... our family still plays this after 2 years!




1457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game, and it move so quickly it really keeps the players on their toes to act quickly and stay focused.  The rules are extremely simple, and its a great game to play with beginners due to its simplicity. High education rating for geography within the United States (and any other country that you play).
5295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the puzzle like logical quality of color and shape-matching. In a way this is like the game of Set in that concept. However, the continuous counting and color recognition while gaining points is especially stimulating!
3) After a company gets so large, it becomes "safe" in that it can't be bought out anymore.  Getting in on the stock of safe companies is huge, because those companies just keep growing and growing, getting more and more valuable.

8600	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It broke when we used it just a few times. The links inbetween are flimsy that they break easily. And now it does not open up.
1729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this tradition!
All 4 cards are always kept face down. You can only look at the two end cards before play begins, and you can look at the card you draw just that one time. After that no peeking allowed, so you have to try to remember what is infront of you and sometimes you have to take a chance on the two middle cards, since you don't now what those cards are unless you get a peek card or you just risk it and discard the card.

6169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good little copter.
6483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!
3180	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Alora diffuser is a no fuss solution to room fragrance.  I've tried other diffusers, but this brand is definitely the best.  It lasts for months, offers a good variety of sophisticated scents and requires no care whatsoever. The Festa scent is wonderfully warm and spicy.  It's only available around the holidays, however.
Finally, this particular set is, of course, Lovedraft themed -- in other words, if the player doesn't enjoy Cthulhu and cultist jokes, you are better off getting a different set of Fluxx cards (Star Fluxx for sci-fi fans, Zombie Fluxx for zombie fans, etc).
Will you like Game of Thrones Second Edition? There are two questions you should ask yourself: "Do you like Customizable Card Games?" & "Do you like George R. R. Martin's _A Song of Fire and Ice_ setting?" If you answered yes to both of these questions, chances are you will like this game - if you hate one or the other, the chances are considerably less that you will like it (but not impossible).
As for the differences, the facial complexion is now more natural, the head is more round and less like a freaky clown with less makeup, and the elf has beanie baby type filler in his butt to help him sit up better than the older elves with less junk in their trunks.


The questions cover Star Trek, ST:The Next Generation, Deep Space 9, Voyager, Enterprise and all 10 Films!
It also includes a generic "Bounty Hunter" pilot with no special ability so you can use more than one of this ship in a game if you'd like.
7424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	WE LOVE THIS GAME!  A family favorite for sure!  The shouting is always hilarious - especially when someone corners a market


7405	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved this game as a kid and can't wait to give it to my kids fro Christmas and enjoy it with them!
Basically, the goal of the game is to score points by claiming routes on the map, and eventually linking destinations together. It doesn't sound very exciting, but it's awesome.
5146	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for kids and parents!
3915	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic ship! I don't really care for the Imperial version, I like the Scum & Villainy ability better.  Then you can team him with other bounty hunters and put some hurt on the rebel scum.
9895	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every bit as good as Lincoln Logs, and at a way better value!  Yes, kids CAN break them, but only if they're playing with them like out-of-control beasts.  These stand the test of time. Refreshing change of pace from the electronic, blinking, noise making, cheap (but expensive) plastic toys.  It's nice to buy toys that DON'T do all the imagining FOR the kids.  Too much built-in detail in most toys today teaches the kids to depend on OTHERS' imaginations, and retards their OWN creativity and problem solving. two thumbs up for frontier logs.
1924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute. New tradition for my blended family. My older step sons had a blast hiding the elf each night for my young daughters.
For families who enjoy games, this is a must have.
9804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great starter space for caterpillars

4808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I chose to rate Smart Lab Squishy You Explore it Human Body 4 stars because it is a fun and educational toy. This is a type of toy to complete together with your young child and undirected with older children.
5) Life lessons.  Kids have probably been exposed to winning and losing by the time they are introduced to Trouble.  However, in Trouble, not only can you send your opponent back to start, but THEY can do this to YOU.  This is momentarily devastating to a 3-year-old.  Seriously, don't be surprised if they cry.  It's normal.  Be prepared to ease them through this with encouragement and by setting a good example of sportsmanship when your pieces get sent back.  If kids can learn this lesson early, they will be much less likely to melt down in Tee-ball a few years down the road.
8579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our family has had so much fun playing this game, I'm so glad we bought it.  My three year old understands it and has fun playing and aunts and uncles also have a great time when we play all together.
The scent in the cleaners makes cleaning much more fun than normal. While using the dish soap, the fragrance permeates the air. The Liquid Hand Soap also contains Aloe and Olive Oil, making it soothing and healing. The kit is a fun place to start, but there is an entire line of Mrs. Meyers cleaning products, including amazing powdered scrubs, laundry care items and home fragrance candles. I've loved everything I've tried so far and love trying new fragrances. I think the new Gingerbread scent is a real winner for the holiday season.
3700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Looks really awesome in actual. So happy to have it.
8793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this toy for my son when he was 1 years old at a garage sale, in great condition.  He was king of the road from the get go, driving it in the house and outside.  He is 3.5 and still I have to say this toy is played with almost EVERY day, (if I leave it in the house) which I consider pretty amazing!  He never seems to tire of the crazy thing! I am also amazed at how creative he is with this toy.  When he was little he would just ride in it.  But now that he is 3.5, he has not grown out of its size or its play factor.  I think he'll drive this car til he virtually cannot fit in it!
3948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Prince Xizor!!!
5714	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hysterical! Lots of fun! Expect nothing less from the folks at Looney Labs. Great for two or more players. Highly recommend this game.
overall nice toy that gets a lot of use
I read about this game on an on-line game site, highlighting some of the best family board games out there, and this is one that made the list. It looked fun and easy-to-learn, so I picked it up in time for the holidays. I had a lot of fun playing this with my family over Thanksgiving and Christmas get-togethers. The game is simple to learn, simple to play, and is really pretty casual. There's a small amount of luck and strategy involved, but most people can play this on an even footing and it is not geared towards competitive game-play. More fun with the full five players on the board, it can still be finished in about 1 hour of play. I highly recommend trying this game out!
2739	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We love Bad Kitty but this thing is just  okay.  I think that I expected it to be softer and more cuddly, but I think it will serve its purpose of amusing my Kitty obsessed children on Christmas Day.
Overall a great teaching toy and the book has a lot of cool stuff in it too.
That is the same here.because the rules keep changing some players are taking a while to catch up with the rule changes and then re-read their cards to know what to do next. . . .unlike card games like Dominion, where you can memorize the cards and play without paying much attention.
I would not recommend this for children under 10 as this is really a collector's item. If you keep the packaging with the pictures and comments about each Beatle, that, too will add to the value of your Beatles' collection.

7283	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it.
2525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I already own the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scrabble-Deluxe-Turntable-Game/dp/B00000IWH9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scrabble Deluxe Turntable Game</a>&nbsp;which I purchased on Amazon in the early 2000's for less than $50 (unlike the exorbitant $179.99 price listed as of this review).  What I like about that game version is that it has raised squares on the board (in the form of a grid) that allows the tiles to be seated but not locked in place.
2324	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Received this item the day before Thanksgiving.  Yeah!  I can start on time this year.

We have played this game with a group of adults only and it was a lot of fun.  It's a lot more laid back than a stressful game of scrabble, and the game moves along a lot quicker.
9220	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This was a disappointment because they do not fit tightly with each other. The slightest bump and it comes up from the opening.
My only real complaint is the play time is really through the roof. I thought the game's design to keep the humans constanlty on the move would keep things brisk, but in true crawler fashion, even the introductory scenario can take two hours to finish, becuase the game will choke you with enemies seemingly afgter each advance you make ...
7776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love candyland. I mean...REALLY? Who wouldn't love a game with lollipops, gingerbread men, and a rainbow bridge! I realized tho, that I accidently purchases two....so i will just give the second one away.
1647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Families thrive off of tradition. It brings each other closer together. This is a great traditional to bring to your family. I'm thankful I began this year. My son's so excited.
2078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased 3 of these for Christmas 2011.  Our family celebrates the week before Christmas so the elves began their duties for a short time that year.  Well as Christmas 2012 approaches, the elves have made their way back from the North Pole, the kids were very excited when they made their  first elf sighting.  So now the elves have once again taken up their work of reporting to Santa!  What fun for all!
3170	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these for chardonney because this size is about 4 oz smaller than the actual chardonney glasses...these are still quite huge. All 4 glasses made it here without any damage eventhough they were delivered by usps and not packaged that great.

I also find myself paging madly back and forth as I examine this or that aspect of the game. I don't doubt this is a learning curve issue but that curve is extremely steep, much steeper than any other system I've had in my hands.
9021	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got what I expected.
3458	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this book for my husband to record for my son - he travels for work.  It would not record.  It was a waste of money and the book is pretty wordy anyway.
3887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Reviewed by JD Woody, host of Live and Let Dice on adrenalineradio.com.
8634	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is fun for all ages.  Grandmas especially love to play with the boys.  It does take some simple skill/planning which is always something I look for in a game.  Super cute, can be played fast.  Travels well.
If you're someone who isn't turned off by games that require a lot of card reading (like Magic the Gathering, Dominion, Innovation, etc) and you don't mind chaos and random luck sometimes taking the driver's seat, then by all means, pick this up.
5515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those toys that I bought more for myself than my daughter, but it is really well made and a good way to introduce her to Charley Harper.
5990	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to a great gae.  It's a little overpriced at $10, but it fits in with the original game without the need to find new storage ideas.  Overall a must have for any player of firefly the BG.



3291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game takes a while to learn.  I mean it.  There is a 15 minute instructional video on YouTube.  Watch it.  Play the game through once, then go back and figure out everything you did wrong or forgot to do, and then play again.  Repeat.

2) it's beautiful! Artwork is stunning!
7892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great gift, my granddaughter's dad is Korean and they love them.

Since this is a unique figure, you'll only need one of this expansion regardless of the mode you plan to play (i.e., campaign or skirmish). All things considered I think Han Solo adds some nice variety to the game, especially with all the new things included in this pack, which I highly recommend.


5116	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game.  It can be as challenging and strategic as you make it, or simple enough for kids to play.  I love the high-quality wooden blocks, too.
*Next Design: Guarding the Net (4)  Yet another Haas Bioroid identity.  This one is pretty powerful.  Can enable you to ice up all your centrals BEFORE YOU START THE GAME!  Yeah its sweet.
In short, the game is great. I highly recommend this if you are in the mood for a light, fast and chaotic good time.
I highly recommend this toy.
You are going to need FUDGE dice. Cheapest option for the GM:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fudge-Dice-GMs-Multi-Color/dp/B004CHMBTA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fudge Dice GMs Multi-Color</a>. [EDIT 11/22/13] It seems the vendor in this listing has gone insane and repriced these dice according to the "used kidney" listings instead of the "game accessory" one. I think&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/these-guys/dp/B0043JG0RG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">these guys</a>&nbsp;have a more realistic expectation, though it pains me to say it since my review is on the original page I linked. No more "helpful" votes for that literary gem then.[/EDIT]
5838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I find it hard to write a review about Dot to Dot puzzles.  I enjoyed doing this book even though the numbers are small I don't have much trouble. But I do have a magnifying glass handy.  I loved them as a young girl and I still really enjoy them as a Senior citizen.  I read a lot and do Dot to Dot puzzles.

5514	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My mother has been trying to improve her memory. The things I found for memory boosting were either too hard and frustrating for her or too "kiddie" looking which was insulting to her.  She's always been a bird lover so these Picasso like bird renditions with their bright colors gives her something bright and happy to look at as art, as well as a means to exercise her memory.  She started out using five pair, but then worked her way up.  You can make this as hard or easy as you want to.  Even better, it's a way to exercise the brain without it ever feeling like a chore.  We've played against each other and found ourselves talking about the various pictures from an artistic point.  Nice conversation starter as well, and a good way to draw old stories out of someone who has memory issues.


Pieces are durable and nice size to handle.  I believe they also sell a travel set but this full size set is easily portable.  I just wished pieces were better manufactured - it seems a little cheaply made in that pieces are not symmetrically cut (ie, not quite square pieces) and painted poorly (eg, hint of green tinge to black background for green pieces, etc)
8865	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great drum for the $$ Enjoy several Remo Kids instruments!
9059	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I see that a few people complained that these dolphins don't work the way they planned.  That may be so but my kids (3 and 5) LOVE them!  They make up their own things to do with them and even make sure to pack a couple when we go on trips.  They use them for pouring experiments and the love to match the colors together.  The whistles, really, haven't gotten much use in the five years we've had them but both kids do know how to drain the water out of them if they want them to whistle.  They are a must-have in our house and I am buying some for our new nephew born yesterday.  All other have come and gone.  But the dolphins are still here - which is testimony enough for me.
3584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super cute, perfect for goodie bags. Smaller than I realized, but not a big deal.

3899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Slave 1 / Firespray-31 is one of four "Wave 2" expansion sets for the X-Wing miniatures game (and 1 of the first 2 large ships released in the game - the other being the Millennium Falcon which I review separately). The MSRP is $30, but you can usually get it for +/- $20 if you shop around or wait for a sale.  All things considered I think this ship is a great, must have addition to the game.  Here's why.
3520	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a great idea but I think is a little simple for third graders. I am actually using some of its with my 5 year old granddaughter.  My grandson who is entering third grade in the fall feels like it is a little young for him.  It depends on the level of reading the child has achieved.
8182	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good game to start off with teaching your young children how to play board games.  It is a simple and fun game that lets children play even though they can't read yet.  The movement of your player piece is based on drawing cards and moving to a certain color or symbol, like a gumdrop or ice cream cone. Drawing a color moves you forward but drawing a symbol can make you advance or even go backwards.  There are even spots where you lose a turn or shortcuts you can take if you land on the right spot.
6810	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	new design, same play.  classic game for two players.  the parts compartment doesn't really fit ALL the pieces very well, but maybe they're taking in to account that SOME of them will inevitably get lost (like pieces always do).  We just use a Ziploc bag to store our pieces in and keep the whole thing in the box so it fits nicely on a bookshelf.  This is NOT the travel-sized version.
4045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thanks
9518	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I had one of these when I was little, and wanted my son to have one.  He is in Kindergarten and they are working hard on math currently. I absolutely love this toy/learning machine, but I wish the numbers below were easier to see.  When you push the buttons down the numbers are really faint below.  We both have 20/20 vision, but often are squinting to see the answers.  Regardless, I think it still serves its purpose.
4241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun and easy to play. Love how they have all kids of themes. TIS BUT A FLESH WOUND!

4997	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a family Christmas gift. We have never actually played using the rules. My kids have used this game to match colors and shapes. We have used the blocks to build roads for cars or to see how high we can stack pieces. This is our type of game. We encourage independent play and games that have multiple options, are great for this.

2710	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good game, fun concept. However, too many question re: # of objects on the card and less trivia based. Who care how many ears of corn are on the IA card or cows on the WI card.
2304	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	was a some great fun for all the younger kids 2.5-8 this thanksgiving thought xmas eve.  christopher seemed to pop around during the day a little as well.  sometimes he was standing, other times hanging on to a chandelier, curtain rod, light, etc.
2639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Easter Bunny left this in my 8 year old daughter's basket last April, and she continues to use it at least once a week.  Everytime there is a birthday party, I ask her to make a card, which is not her favorite thing to do anymore, but now, she pulls out the stencils and makes beautiful cards that she is proud of. She has also used the stencils on poster board to liven up her school projects.  I really cannot say enough about this simple, yet very creative and well crafted set.  I have purchased additional sets as birthday and Christmas gifts.  Great job Klutz!
9 out of 10

It also comes with a little bank book, so your kids can input the money as it comes and goes.
605	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this card game for my mom for Christmas.  Everyone in my family loves it, from my 10 year old son, to my 73 year old Dad. My mom and dad play it every night of the week now.  They've never done anything like that before.  Dad always got impatient with scrabble and other word games because they take a long time.  This game is fast paced and lots of fun.  I'm on the web site right now, buying another deck for my brother and one to have at our home too.
3698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R2TRHL6L66YO8N" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1fK28P0daS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71J%2B2sMZ%2BhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This figure/statue is worthy of Queen Cersei's name! Great job Dark Horse!
8690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 11-year old grandson has enjoyed this.  I can't say that he plays with it over and over.  He takes it in spells.  He will enjoy it for awhile and then put it away for a few weeks.  Then it sparks his interest again.  He enjoys the movement of it, and how unusual it is.
3699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great addition to my just starting GoT collection, detail looks good to me, but I am not a season collector.
2368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Originally posted at [...], a new idea everyday!
Oh, some people compared the Elf on the Shelf with Christopher Pop-kins. Well, we bought both! I bought another one because when one of my kids found the Elf on the Shelf the other three would be so bummed. So now every year both of them get into mischief together. The kids loved learning about Christopher Pop-kins too. I love to have fun and bring smiles during the holidays. My kids (four of them) have a blast trying to find both elves.
We actually borrowed this from our children to use during our yardsale. It worked fabulous!!! Need to use real money for yardsales  though.  Haha! What are you waiting for??? If you want the best cash resister for your children,  order this one.  You will NOT regret it!!! :-)
5458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A very fun game to play with your teenagers and their friends.

2635	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of great ideas in this book and it comes with everything you need to do fun projects.  Got for my 13 year old that hates

4940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best family games
9999	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful product.  Our entire family enjoyed this project.  Our children, 5, 7, and 2 even used it for a long time after to collect other bugs and observe them for a few days and then release them.  It did get a hole in it because of a stick used for a katydid habitat.  But I'm planning on ordering another one to replace it.  This time maybe the bigger one.  It is really a great way for kids to observe and learn about nature.
378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Even bigger than expected my kids and their friends love them

1243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for anyone! This game moves really quickly with 2 people so it is fun to play multiple rounds. I love how you can decide whether or not you want to play maliciously (i.e., take over someone else's route, or be nice and find a different way). Great game all around and have gifted it twice already!
Players acquire colored train cards to try and complete the route cards they drew and kept at the start of the game.  Long train routes (typically in the southern US and up in Canada) are worth the most points, but it can be hard to get the large numbers of the same color train cards needed to complete them.  *Official game rules say that in double routes (2 tracks connecting a pair of cities) can only be used by one player and then that connection is blocked, but my family always plays by the rule "if the route is there, it can be claimed" and use both tracks between the cities.
8452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wise & Otherwise is a better version of Balderdash, but with proverbs, rather than words. One player reads out the first half of a quote, and the others write their guesses at the second half. The result is a sort of bluffing game in which people guess which is the real quote.
9322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	They are still fun!! Nothing fancy about these bean bags. Well made and durable. Fun for a four year old.
5632	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much fun to play
1550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	we had the best of fun with this elf. We just never knew what to expect from him. He made his way into the fridge, sneaked into a bag of corn puffs, took a picture of his rear end in the copy machine amongst other non mischievous adventures . He was a busy busy elf.



We've worked out a good system to be able to play over Skype.
6691	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I told our family to get my kids games as they're getting to the age when games are fun and they're responsible enough to play them on their own. I've played the game Trouble since I was a kid, so I was happy that we got this one. The game is still exactly the same as I remember it and even though I really, really suck at it, my six year old son loves to play it. It helps him learn to count when moving his piece.

8754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys like using it!
4645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son (5 years old) loves this set. We homeschool and for the past few months we have been studying human anatomy. He enjoys being able to touch the parts, explain what they do and put them back in the model. Fun and educational.
7761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game
Fans of the video game may be expecting turn/grid-based combat but this game focuses more on the management aspects of the game.  Each player takes on one of the 4 roles in the game and each role is associated with a set of actions that player has to do from managing the budget to assigning troops to accomplish missions.  This is a timed cooperative game much like Space Alert and one of the roles is responsible for reading the information from the app to the other players which dictates how the game is played during the timed phase.  The different actions during the timed phase happen in a different order each time and aspects of those actions change each round as well, such as how much money the Commander role gets in the budget.

8435	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have always loved this game - from the time I was a kid to now - I love how you make a little machine that captures the mouse at the end.  Careful, you may turn your kid into a future engineer!
2971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good quality.  Kids love them!
1241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is simple a lot of fun to play.  The directions to play are easy to understand and to follow; there is no complicated parts to assemble; and it is very easy to set up and play.  Playing time runs about an hour, with three of us playing.  Some strategy is useful in winning, but simple straight forward play can also help you win the game.


1762	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So far we really enjoy it. First year trying it out.
8699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I looked everywhere for this ball, and I am very grateful to have Amazon on my side. This is a really cool toy!
The components are also very good and there seems to be an okay amount of variety in the different missions, tech cards, etc.  All in all a very solid game and one that uses the integrated app "gimmick" very well.
Well, several off-shoots from Ticket to Ride have come.  Not to mention an expansions for the original game that adds several smaller routes.  So there is evidence that the theme can be slanted, but in Ticket To Ride Europe, game play is the same with some twists, like you can use someone elses route for your destinations sake without getting points for the route, and you route requiring tunneling through mountains are more pricey.  These off-shoot stand alone games are a good way for Days of Wonder to charge full price for what could have been a less expensive expansion to the existing game.
6890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Niece loves it.  Looks like in the photo.  As others mentioned, it's odd to have 3 slots for bills when 4 denominations are provided.  Since this is play money, it probably would've been a better idea to shrink the bills so they could fit 4 across the width of the cash register.  The solar panel seems to work fine even indoors (indirect light).
2446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game and the tiles stay in place with this set.
I gave it to him anyway, and we couldn't be happier. I was amazed at how quickly he figured out how to build it and how well he remembers where all the pieces go. He is very patient when it comes to this toy and controls himself well. And we play it according to the instructions, because we both enjoy building it so much.
2599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for teaching patterns and pattern art!
7766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My girls love this game, even my youngest daughter.  They love going up the ladders, but sliding down the chutes (slides) even more!  This is a classic game for good reason.

7841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These blocks are nice, wish they were a little larger that's all..

1949	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loved it. I had a great time moving it around so she thinks it moves.  She had a very magical Christmas.  Simply adore this purchase.
3242	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Innsmouth expansion is an excellent addition to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Arkham-Horror/dp/1589942108/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Arkham Horror</a>&nbsp;base game, based on one of my favorite elements of the Lovecraft mythos, the Deep Ones who live under the sea (except when breeding with humans)! Hardcore Arkham Horror fans are going to buy every expansion anyway, so they may safely stop reading here.

5266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Takes a bit to get the rules down, but once you learn it, it's really fun for all ages.  Looking into the travel size one.
Not something I'll play with the wife and kids, but with my hardcore gamer friends.
Seriously, though, it's a fun play for a group of 4 or 5 adults.  Relatively quick and easy to understand, but with enough chance that the smartest guy at the table (i.e. my husband) may not win 80% of the time like he does in many other games.  There are also enough hidden point multipliers that the winner may not be apparent until the game is nearly over, which helps those who seem to be trailing keep up their interest.  I am sure we'll be playing this for many weekends to come.
Anyway, great game and a nice learning tool for kids I would imagine.

This expansion also includes a 6th player faction, The Gray Hands, and an extra agent meeple for each color with optional rules to play a long game where everyone starts with an extra agent (you must use the long game rules when playing with 6 people). There are also caravan tokens which stand in for large numbers of adventurer cubes in case the supply runs short. In a 3-player game, this only happened once, but I can see it being necessary with 4-6 players because you will gain a lot more adventurer cubes a lot faster using either or both expansions.
5504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a large, easy to read puzzle.  I homeschool my 13 year old son and we got this to improve his memory of states/cities.  My 11 year old also loves pitching in on the puzzle.
This does, however, make the game go at a faster pace than the games I usually like, which can be refreshing. Even though there isn't much variation on what to do each turn, you still have to form a strategy. You can keep an eye on who is building where, and what color train cards they are picking up. Then you can either try to cut them off or make a move so they don't cut you off. You can try to build the longest track to get more points up front, or get more tickets to get more hidden points.

CONCLUSION:

4257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loads of fun!
Cons:
UPDATE #2: After playing just the Skullport expansion, I have to say I'm not that fond of it or its Corruption mechanic. Undermountain is way more fun. Not that Skullport doesn't have good stuff, just that a lot of it is overshadowed by Corruption. I've decided to just streamline the base game and the expansions and weed out all the inferior or overpowered stuff (including anything that gives or removes Corruption), mixing just the cards and buildings that are the most fun. Some of these cards and buildings never get bought or played, so what's the point of bothering with them at all? Still others are possibly broken and OP, like the Yawning Portal (4 gold cost building that gives the user 2 cubes of their choice and the owner one and basically hands them the game if they get it early enough), or the Undermountain building (name escapes me) that lets you play three Intrigue cards. And all the new cards that let you steal people's buildings are unfair and create more hard feelings than fun. That still leaves a ton of good stuff to choose from. I'm knocking my rating down to four stars after having played with this set for about a month. It's not balanced well enough, and I hate that expansion games can take so much longer to play. The game isn't deep enough to support more than 60-90 minutes of play time.

2876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so cute! My daughter's loves the books so of course loves the llama! She sleeps with it every night.

336	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding


Most goals require keepers to win, and players must play them in order to win, but by doing so you will put keepers at risk, others can take them and creepers (cards that usually prevent you from winning) can be attached to them.
Clearly I'm not the best person to talk to on the mechanics, and I'll happily cede that the other reviewers have more knowledge and a better take on the whole thing. My perception of the game system complexity isn't why stars fell off this review.

9896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have now grown butterflies with this for 2 springs and it is in good enough condition to hold onto it again for next spring. You do have to buy the caterpillars each time which are ridiculously overpriced. But I enjoy it and so do my kiddos.
200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game, family loves playing this.  Get to see who the future capitalists will be in the family!
4301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice game that can be taken on trips easily and something the whole family can enjoy.
The game is a completely asynchronous card duel.  One player plays a corporation who plays cards with the intent to score them and protect them with cards called Ice.  The corporation plays many of his cards face down and can do a lot of sneaky things this way.  The other player is the Runner, he is trying to steal the cards the corporation plays to score them for himself and otherwise disrupt the corporation player.  Both players have tons of different kinds of cards to augment their ability to do these things.
One note about gameplay: the board has the train routes marked in colors, and a few were "too similar" for a slightly colorblind guy in the house to discern easily. It's nice that the game makers also tagged the routes and playing cards with a unique symbol for each color, problem solved!
690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous idea for kids. My kids both enjoy spending sharing and saving with this bank
Price and delivery

9155	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son got this toy at 18 months, and it kept his interest for nearly 6 months.  I added on the amusement park after 3 months, and he figured out directions, speed, on and off, how to set gears against each other so they would start spinning, and he even learnt to look at the back of each gear to see whether it could go into the middle part on the motor cog.  The toy and he were practically inseparable for weeks, and its been known to have stayed on for the whole day at a time...
The box comes with everything you'd need to play the beginner adventure as well as things you'd need to move on to the full RPG. You get a map that is blank on one side for your own adventures and printed for the included adventure. A set of dice and a whole bunch of cardboard characters and monsters.
7575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great son loves this game
4926	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very fun game for everyone! It is simple enough to learn, match all the same colors without repeating a shape or match a shape without repeating a color, but it is a game that can challenge your logic as you advance
So, weve only played two games with three players, but Id love to try this more players (it plays up to 10!) and more laps or the street racing rules, which have great options for characters and even police to start pursuing in the middle of a race.  There are several expansions that include different tracks and I will be picking these up as I can.  The game components are a lot of fun, too.  I dig shifting gears on the little dashboard and when moving my car around the track, I cant help making car noises.
600	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is like a Scrabble game, but with cards.  It's great fun for all ages, because the first hand is dealt with 3 cards and you have to make a 3 card word.  Then with each successive hand you made a 4 card word, 5 card word, etc.  Because there are several 2 letter cards, these words can actually be 1, 2 or 3 letters more than the card count.  It becomes more challenging when you get to the 8 and 9 card words, but that just makes the game more fun.  Quick paced.



6321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the eco-friendly theme of this book and the kids love coloring the paper pages and then using the APP on the kindle. (I still need to add it to the iPad) We also put it on my iPhone5 and it works there too! The app for us has been a little glitchy, we can't figure out how to print but that might work better on the iPad. The rubber crayon is great for touch screens and the kids love it. My 8, 6, and 4, year old kids loved this coloring book and app. I think this is a great gift for any child and love that when crayons are not possible that the app is a clean alternative where the kids can still color again and again! We received this as a review item!
3577	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great stickers but not quite what I was expected probably my fault for not reading more carefully I though this was an actual book
6642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved this game in my youth. My daughter loves playing this game.
2600	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice and convinient
2431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent buy

You win either though accumulating other wizards' treasure or by destroying your opponents.
4102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	a must have for converting... I have all of the 1st edition goodies, so it saved me some money when I converted to playing 2nd edition...  now if they offered a bx set of all the other heroes and monsters with 2nd edition cards (dungeon quest, and rune**** then you could box up one big expansion pack and have them all).
7423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was my son's favorite present from Santa this year. It's basically just a calculator, and it has an open/close button for the register.
2613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday, but I want a copy myself. It is very creative.
7933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as a prop for my photo shoots, maternity or infant pictures. They are very detailed and larger than normal, perfect for grandparents and/or photos.
They all ate the food in the cup and became very fat...
Great game, it fun, educational, just really classic.
Just using the core set, which is what you are looking at now, my sons and I got a hundred plays out of it before we went looking to the expansion data packs.

9314	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this, along with other Motion type toys, for my grandchildren for Christmas . . . they love being able to do creative play.
The objective is to score points, and the further you delve into the dungeon, the more points you are likely to get.
I played the first version of WizWar back in the early 90s after having picked up a copy at Origins.  My gaming group at MIT played it until the ink wore off of the cheap card stock it was printed on.
840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can see why this game became an instant classic.  Finally picked up this game after seeing it at the top of every blogger's "Top ### Games" lists - And it's a blast.  It's an easily accessible game, yet still deep enough to reward "power" gamers.  It does a great job of building tension, as well...  As you see the trains your opponents have remaining to place begin to dwindle, signifying the end game - And you still have two routes in your hand that you're trying to complete.
1870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in great shape!
6033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice little edition to the Firefly game. It adds 5 cards to each of the jobs and supply decks, some of the supplies being weapons, people or ship upgrades. Its good to have to keep things a bit different from game to game. I gave it 4 stars due to the price because its basically just a deck of cards
----------
9674	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson just loves this toy.  He is a beginning walker, but prefers to pull it while he is crawling.  The sounds just delight him, and they are cute!
This is a very fun game, and an excellent exercise in logical thinking and analysis for children ages 8 and up (or 7 and up if they're a math and logic nut like mine!)
5693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game.  It gets repetitive quickly though.  Not so different from the other fluxx games with only a few really differentiating cards to set it apart as truly unique.

The game covers all the movies and all 5 tv shows , with Questions and filled with video and audio clips.  The game tokens are the ships from the four main TV shows they are Star Trek , STTNG, DS9, and Voyager.
5756	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	useless for my needs, I gave them to charity.
5773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This product is Great. I already rated this product. I'm satisfied with this item.
- My First Workbook (intro to the type of questions kids will face and helps you explain anything kids do not get at first so they can succeed in the books on their own)
2082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 3, one for my daughters' homes and one for our's.  So happy we can choose our own names for the Elf.  Can't wait to begin this tradition.  My oldest daughter has Charlie, and all the other cousins were jealous that her family had an elf in the house.
In all I wish the model itself were a bit bigger so the pegs and "snaps" were bigger and more sturdy.  I feel this would make it easier to put together.
831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game!  I love that it's two player so my husband and I can play!
3564	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good
5465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I have played this game three times, and we have all ready had doubles on a few questions, so that, along with the crappy tie-breaker is the downfall of this game. It is fun otherwise, and even if you were not around for barely any of the 80s, at least half of the questions were still easy to figure out. I would recommend this version of Scene It if you have a tv, dvd player, and can stand the 80s.
Easy to learn, keeps a child's attention, and just plain good 'ol fun.
91	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Item delivered on time, was as described.
Each player adds more of a challenge. So if you solo, it's just as hard as with 5 people (more or less -- I think it's just a tad harder with more people). So as you add more people, their ability to play their role becomes crucial (fighters fight, clerics heal, wizards blast from afar, etc).
The journal is more of a guided activity book instead of  a free form journal.  There are quizzes and questionnaires, and lists to complete.  It's a very sweet little book and would make a great gift.
1720	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I little pricey but what can ya do. I wish it had some flexible little poles within the elf to make it easier to put in positions. Regardless my kids loved the idea of the elf (Peter Brown Pan).
The only complaint I have with the game is that playing with two people is a tad oversimplified.  There is room for strategy, but for the most part there is an ideal play at any given time and you don't have to think too much about your cards.  With three or more people, there is suddenly way more strategy involved.  I've seen others complain about this, but I would argue that they are not picking up on the nuances of the game (remembering which items are linked with each "Double Back" can be a huge advantage, and understanding the role of Ripple Poins with multiple corresponding Linchpins is crucial....but you'll figure that out later).
4431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game- quick and easy to transport! We bring it on vacations and family weekends all the time. The rules are easy to teach to friends and kids can even play along!
7486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy!
8186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Let's dissect this fool! This game is a blast! The kids and I love playing doctor on this pool soul.  Try not to touch or you're out.
4208	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Light saber is on the small side, but all in all my son loves it. He is really fascinated with the prism.
6267	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Does not glow at all. Not worth the money.
This is not a simple card game, in fact it's quite challenging to learn. If you're not used to these types of games expect to play a few times through just to learn the rules. Better yet, get with someone who understands card games well or who has played this.
1370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game, it's a great intro to euro-style board games. It's easy enough to understand, but it's complex and deep enough to satisfy the adults as well.
Would make an awesome gift.
9527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
The game features multiple schools of magic, each with their own deck. Players choose up to four schools of magic to form the main deck that everyone will draw from throughout the game. Alternate rules allow players to choose particular / unique schools of magic that only they draw from. In this case, one wizard might choose Mutation and Alchemy, whereas another might choose to specialize in Elemental and Conjuring.
2483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is a smaller game board but I love it because the tiles stay in place like it says
There is a good set of upgrade cards and new X-wing pilots in the box.

My wife plays as the runner and I play as the Corporation.  Honestly, I usually loose, but still it's a lot of fun.  The games usually only take about 40 minutes to play so it's just right for a quick game after putting the kids to bed.
The Slave 1 appeals to the eyes with good detail.
5747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is your standard late period Fluxx game with New Rules & Action Cards you've seen before in other sets and Action Cards that are by-and-large the same as in your other sets. There are four new cards that may be played out-of-term to mess with other player's card plays.
3834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	great

Netrunner in a nutshell is a 2 player asymmetric card game that involves strategy and bluffing.  Players pick from different factions that favor a style of play heavily and in advanced rules allow you to tailor your preferences by mixing them up.  The game is asymmetric in that one player as the "Runner" has different cards and actions than the "Corporation."  The former requires more agility and flexibility while the latter requires forethought and bluffing.
4881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We really love this game.  We played it at our local library and decided we needed to buy it for ourselves.  It's a lot of fun, it's a great way to get your brain thinking about different ways to play your tiles.  My son (5yo) is the one who plays the most and when we do, we usually forgo the scoring system and we don't hide our tiles and play it in a more cooperative manner so he can develop some more strategies.  Eventually, we will add in the scoring system.  Lots of fun, love it!!!

4843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this book and the basic level book to help some elementary age children develop critical thinking skills.  The puzzles work pretty well for this purpose.  Students quickly figure out they have to use reasoning instead of going for the obvious.  They aren't always happy about this. But that's another story.  I'm very pleased with these books.

274	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tons of tile selections and look great on the table.
6078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In Formula D, you race around the board in a Formula 1 or street car. You switch into different gears each turn, and each gear lets you roll a different die that show a certain number of spaces (1st gear is 1-2, 2nd gear is 2-4, 3rd is 4-8, 4th is 7-12, etc). You'll have to slow down for curves, which the game implements by forcing you to end your move a certain number of times inside each curve.
7642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun quick game 20 minutes playtime.
6752	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Overall I am happy with this item. I love the logic skills it teaches kids. The product design is not great though because all the pieces don't fit in the holder and the lid doesn't shut securely. We kept the box it came in and keep all the pieces in there so they don't get lost.
4) Checkers: First, the checkers are about the size of Sweet Tarts and trying to play the game on a board this small will nearly drive you mad. Second, the checkers will not stack and stay put when it comes time to "king" someone. Third, there is something about the sound of plastic checkers banging down in repeated movements on a tin board that is akin to nails on a chalkboard in the realm of one's auditory sense. And last but certainly not least, similar to the Chinese Checkers side of this maddening duo, if you can move your checkers on this eensy board without disrupting every other checker on the board and sending them sliding toward the four corners of the Earth, well, you have some mad playing skills that no one who has entered our home of any age, gender, race or religion -- be it man, woman or child -- can master!
9777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got these for grocery store play, which they work great for, but also love the multi use for matching, shapes, and color recognition!
Wish they would sell replacement elves. Or elves with a remote so we could find him.
1084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's a great game. We play it with our board gaming group each week and we really get into it - almost too much. Lol
7374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love It
1671	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Son loves it!
7383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Teens and young adults enjoy this game.

6389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. Great quality. My 7 year Granddaughter plays restaurant and store. Its a really cute cash register and play money
6696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son received this for his birthday three days ago. After a quick lesson on how to play, he's been wanting to play all the time. He has a little trouble with the bubble, and I have to remind him which direction to move, but he'll get it.
Need an update or extension since it's a few years old now!

5490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun family game for Simpsons fans. It is more fun that other Scene It games I have played and was more enjoyable for the whole family. This is a good value since it's the Deluxe version for the same price as some stores sell the regular version. Some of the trivia questions are hard, but everyone has a chance to do well since many of the questions are based only on observations from the clips that are shown. This would be a great addition to a family game night collection as well as a welcome gift for a fan of The Simpsons.
The objective of Quiddler Junior is to earn the most points by spelling words from the cards in your hand. Its that simple!
Each turn you have to decide if you will play a card to help a creature YOU want to prevail or to take out a creature that an opponent is backing.  A tough enough choice with just 2 players, but with more players it becomes even more complicated deciding WHO you want to take out, especially since some players will have bet on the same contestants as you did in successive rounds.  Temporary alliances form, but in the end everybody wants to come out on top.
825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderfully fun game!! love it!
_______________________________________________________________________________________________



7964	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a good option if you are on a budget but get the one with the coin slot if you can. A lot more fun for the kids.
Sound: will not work. Have the latest SoundBlaster card. Can't get any help on this one.
7728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I purchase this for my son on Amazon after having found no luck at the big box stores.  The Candylands they had were the hyper intense, ADHD-ish boards.  The graphics were overstimulating and it was a bit too much.  I needed something more dialed down, and luckily, Amazon sold an older version that fits the bill.  I loved this game as a kid and wanted him to like it as much as I did when I was his age, and that's exactly what happened.
CONS:

8537	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loved receiving this and had fun with it!.
The book is set up so that you can draw in the book itself.  This is a great idea as well, but this is also where I ran into my issues with the book.

5322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game to play with grandkids.  They also have fun stacking them and knocking them down, sorting them, etc.  A great purchase!
I recommend this box, if you have XP or can install it another disk on your comp or something, it should work on that (probably).  It is an excellent sim to give you a feel of flying r/c planes but the crashing part is free and you don't have to watch your beloved $1000 aircraft smash to pieces, you just start the session over with one click!  With all the caveats above (i lopped off one star because the one control is buggy, the box was brand new, and will probably never get fixed, by me anyway).
5212	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An all-time favorite game for our grandchildren and adult children.  Always requested when they visit although they also have this game.
7730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas present for my great grand daughter.  She loves these toys and this one will be a good teacher.  Well made.

IMPORTANT: Words can be horizontal or vertical, going from left to right or top to bottom. Players can rearrange their own words as often as they want. There are no turns in Bananagrams, everyone works on their own crossword independently of each other. It's a race to the finish!!!
4471	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our favorite game! Perfect for families and great at parties with kids of all ages!
9579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was having trouble with memorizing her addition and subtraction equations. I used this very item when I was a child and it worked wonders. When I found it I was so thrilled to get it for her. She uses it everynight to help enhance her math skills. Very durable product, it has been dropped several times and is still in perfect condition. Item is fairly big to take to school, but we have a special bag that we carry it in. It is easy to read. On the tops of each button is the actual equation and then you simple press down to read the answer. Great product!

8492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Its fun!
4322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Friends introduced us to this game, and we really enjoyed it! There are several ways you can play it, and we made up our own.

9647	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old grandson is a wooden train lover. I bought this railway crossing for him for his birthday. He loves it!
8673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't really know why, but my ten year old loves this toy.
7578	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my niece requested  this gift , plays all the time
2069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Terrific book and packaging. My 4 yr old was a bit afraid of it at first and the 5 yr was pretty quick to make a guess that he's not real and that Mommy and Daddy probably move him around. They are having fun with it and look for "Martin" (the name they gave him) every morning! Nice tradition even if one of them has figured it out!
My only small complaint is lack of painted detail inside the cockpit, although the pilot is (vaguely) painted.  If I could crack open the canopy and paint some more detail I would.  Nevertheless, it's a small complaint when the rest of the model is stunning.

1613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT

6803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Have enjoyed this game since I was a kid. Bought it for my daughter and son in law, hope they enjoy it as much as I do.
5606	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has got to be my ultimate favorite version of fluxx. I don't think it would mix well with any other versions, but the game play is exciting, and the doom point mechanics are an awesome addition to the game we know and love.
The construction of this game is, indeed, of very high quality, which sort of surprised me considering how "cheaply" things are made today. All elements are of extra-heavy cardboard/paper materials, the pieces are of heavy and durable plastic, and all packed in a very well-made box to hold everything securely.
The other track pieces can frustrate my 2.5-yr-old, but these are much easier to use, less frustrating, and therefore more fun!
9807	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Make sure you are in town when they are supposed to become butterflies! We have ordered caterpillars 2 times before and had wonderful experiences. I recommend doing this with your family. I just warn to pay attention to the time frames from when they close up to when they are ready to get out. We were out of town for two days and I thought we had plenty of time left so I didn't hang the lid inside the net cage. The butterflies all emerged in the little cup and only 2 survived. I know that sounds like a duh... but I made a mistake and it was very sad so I hope my mistake will help someone else.
1687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love elf on the shelf - kids named him Zoomi - Zoomi is very mischievous at times
8425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I loved this game as a child.  Turns out my 5 yr old loves it too!  The only complaint: it doesn't seem as sturdy as the one I had as a child.  Other than that, we love it.
Ice: Heimdall 2.0, Minelayer, Viktor 2.0, Ichi 2.0, Zed 1.0, Howler, Bastion (neutral), Datapike (neutral)
1741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This Elf on the Shelf is so much FUN! I have seen this product available for years! My oldest is finally old enough to understand and get the Elf on the Shelf. (Ages 3,2, and 1) my Three year old every morning gets so excited to find our Elf "Spike" and understands what the Elf does! My two year old goes along with his older brother. I would recommend ages 3 and older.
6757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 y.o. granddaughter beats me every time but she's very patiently hoping that I'll master it one day, but then she beats her brother and nanny too.  Really good brain game as it intuitively uses mental algorithms, which she's not even aware of doing.
3588	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute, perfect size for what I needed. The kids loved them!
9080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son is deaf. He extremely loves this drum where he could feel the vibration perfectly. He would bang it loud and laugh along it. Hes obsessed with this. I am glad we got this for his joy in feeling music since hearing is not his best source but able to feel them very well.
2955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
2300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love our Elf Christopher and cant wait for him to come back for the holidays again! We had so much fun with him. Great quality and looks way cuter than the ones in red and white only. He is dressed as a real elf, just like in the picture.
6489	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Just basically a calculator with a drawer that opens
1) There's a chart which shows the value of a company and the price of its' stock.  The more tiles a company is, the more it's worth, and the more it costs to buy stock.  So, you want to invest more in a company, but also want to grow it?  You either need to wait until next turn to grow it (during which, everyone else gets a shot at it) or you need to grow it now and pay more.

9591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great, fun
3164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have had my set of these pans for 5 years now and they are nowhere near ready to replace. I have gotten my moneys worth like no other pans I have owned. The lid on this one is not glass like some other models of Caphalon One. The anodized aluminum transfers heat fast and evenly, the non-stick surface is very hard and effective, but do not use metal utensils should not scratch. If you have a big mess, just let some hot water sit in it for a few minutes and they just wipe clean. Be careful what scrubbers you use so you do not scratch it, I use a nylon brush to wipe the goop out in the sink. If you do get something to stick, do not use scouring powder, only Bark Keepers Friend powder can scrub without scratching. The ergonomic handle that does not get hot, depending on how you use it. It is not dishwasher safe. Like the big dutch ovens and casseroles from Caphalon One, this pan is oven safe to 500 degrees.
This assignment was not only lots of fun, but  a huge success as well:)
Bottom line, if you have friends who are looking for a game you can all play repeatedly and is different every single time, you can do way worse than Fluxx.  But if you're looking for a casual party game, this might not be a great match for you.
My diapers and wipes and hand sanitizer and diaper cream... fits all that stuff so well!  I have this in my jujube bff diaper bag and for diaper changes I grab this and go! So useful and handy. I haven't washed it yet so not sure how it holds up. Highly recommend!
You will really really enjoy this game, because you will never get tired of it!!!!!!!
CONs:
8499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun easy game.  Cute.
7794	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game brings back so many good memories from my childhood. I bought this to play with my 6 and 4.5 year old and they absolutely love it. I have been trying to get them away from the electronics and have more family time with them and this was definitely a WIN! The board is very good quality for the price, we haven't had any problems with it and have been playing for a long time now several nights a week. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fun board game.
3931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A little wobbly on its base, but in play, it is valuable and includes some great cards.
7425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game EVER! love it!
3871	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A great addition to my collection!
The game is way too long otherwise.

8008	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It seemed not quite as I remembered.
5430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun! This game was is a hit with the little ones and the adults! There's lots of strategy to be used, but the littlest toddlers can even play without that! If you make a set of six (by shape or color) you get six bonus points, and you can set up your future plays with a bit of planning.
8955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this drum! It has an awesome sound. Deep and powerful. I use it for my Let's Play Music class in my home. My own kids love it. I wasn't sure how much abuse this drum can take, but when I was shocked to see my toddler stand on it and other times go crazy beating it it's been fine. Seems like it will hold up for a long time because of the great quality.

543	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have not played it yet but I was very surprised at the huge size of the BOX!!!!!  Pretty big to take with us on vacation. It would have been good to give me the exact dimentions of the box before I ordered it!!!
 Collateral Endorsement
7034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this register. It really adds, and the money is fun. Very pleased with this toy.
3582	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute stickers for mermaid fans.
Instructions are poorly written, had to YouTube how to play
All in all a highly recommended game.  Good for kids 8 and up (in my experience).
Overall, the fast gameplay and free form nature of the game help it appeal to a wide group. Don't expect this game to last you all night long, but it's great as a more casual event where everyone can participate.
3652	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the larger Dice Bags available. The embroidered emblem is a nice touch of personalization and comes in a few different options. Well constructed.
1177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game. Got it for my husband for christmas and we've had fun with it!
8972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great sound this has!  So happy with this purchase....well worth the money.  My oldest son has autism and just loves music and sounds.  I wanted to add a deep bass sound to his xylophone and bell toys, and this definitely fits the bill.  My other kids (11y and 4y) love it too.

Unique Hero Rolling Dungeon Delving Dice Game
I would definately recommend this game to anyone interested in the least. You won't be disapointed.

2173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun character addition to RDI games!
4390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	get it you want be sorry. I carry it with me on the road I stay in hotels a lot for work and I can spend time working on improving my spelling I have never been the best but am always trying to improve on it. my 20 year old and her friends love it to and have gotten hooked by it. she got a set for herself because I keep mine in my go bag for work. try there other games to for younger ages.

inspire; love; serenity; bless; mend; safe; hope; remedy; courage; recover; strong; eternity; choice; change; meditate; birth; sustain; listen; pray; peace; compassion; faith; doubt; weary; chaos; challenge; relief; laugh; medicine; water; grace; warm; profound; transform; gratitude; treatment; possible; endure; trust; nourish--to name just a few, and various parts of speech that can be combined to create full sentences.
5690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	While I've not personally played all version of Fluxx, the format to playing is all the same. Some minor strategy with a lot of randomized gameplay thrown in. Classic and Pirate Fluxx have been the two I've played with my significant other and friends. Pirate Fluxx is definitely themed appropriately and is slightly humorous, but more generic than I feel it could have been.
4992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a hit. Played it with avid "I don't do board games" kind of people, as well as those who do. Every time it is a success. Only problem I have found is getting rid of guests... Because "one more game" seems to be a request.
All the paint is perfect, and the stand is a nice touch compared to the ones that came with the SR-2s.  Short of it: Dark Horse knocked this one out of the park IMO.  Very satisfied with it.
* Your children will ask you every night from Halloween to Thankgiving when the elf is coming back!

I would definitely recommend this game for anyone that likes Monty Python, or just having fun in general.
5311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really like this game for our two Grandchildren.  We all like to play and can enjoy it through the years.
The game feels very much like the video games, with needing to grenade emergence holes shut, and horde mode variants and more. The amount of enemies feels a bit worrysome at times, but your COGs are usually able to handle them with smart play.
951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game, took a little bit to learn, but it is a great time that allows the family to disconnect from the digital world and play an out fashion fun board game....even better it makes you think and use your noggin
7024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son loved it. quite sturdy and useful for small kids. he specially liked the open button.one suggestion since this toy is used by small kids currency notes could be made from plastic or more sturdy material. Excellent toy.
5615	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Such a great game. It was such a fast paced game and yet somehow still took two hours! Still, I love it, and I definitely recommend as an addition to any major card gamer or tabletop gamer.
5180	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it
3079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Used this for book hardware for Halloween props. Very happy! Looks great!
7270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun to play!
8092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it as a kid. Your kids will love it to.
-way easier learning it than I remember and far less frustrating than the original "starter decks"
5824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The child I gave it to loved it.
1202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is probably our favorite game!  Ticket to Ride can be played by adults and children together with out the adults needing to "let" a child win.  It teaches strategy, is simple enough to allow for conversations during play, and is easy to learn!  I love how much geography my children have learned through these games!  We now own both the US and European versions.  (Note, the US version is far more similar to the current geography than the European version is to current European geography.  It provides for good conversation about the change of political borders and city names.)  We've given this as a gift multiple times as well.
8566	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This toy is one of the favorites at our house
3261	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my wife because we love GoT. I was disappointed at how complicated the game is when the winner is really chosen when the families are taken at the start. There is no balance and nothing can happen that will change the fact that some characters and families can just easily wipe out others every time you play. Add this to the high price and I feel foolish even giving it 2 stars.
Educational value for kids on this game would be in counting. It's simple math, but they have to determine through addition and subtraction how much risk they care to take.
2328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The price was fair.  Works fine and arrived on time.  I'm happy with it.

8177	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	given as a gift
that said, it certainly fits into that category of cooperative games that are fun to play win or lose, the game will make for some epic turns but it is a grinder of sorts that you measure more in 'how close were we to winning this time?' than worrying about ultimate victory ... but I'm sure when things do fall in place and the teamwork pans out and you do win that one game against the locust forces, it will be huge!
5139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	too complicated for this grandma and 11 yr old grandson
But it's a classic. You loved it. Your kids will love it. So you have to get it. If you live in the United States and have a child, you simply have no choice.
5462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Scene It is a great game, and this 80's version makes it even greater! Lots of pop culture trivia from the 1980's -- obvious & obscure. You need to know your stuff to win this one.
- Concentration Games
What a great gift for a fan or even for someone who has never seen the show.
Game play is pretty simple: you start with some secret tickets with cities on them that you have to connect together to get points; then you either draw cards, build with the cards in your hand, or get more tickets. That's the whole game.
7214	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	FUN game.  Buy the one with the bell or buy a bell to use.
3194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 13 month old and my 3 year old love playing with these buckets. We had some before that had a small lip on them making it somewhat difficult to stack. But stacking these are easy and it makes a huge tower that is fun to knock over.
5009	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for another person.
Pros:


9642	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as an addition to Fisher-Price Thomas The Train Wooden Railway Elevated Crossing Gate .  It fits well and great price.
I have not played the other Fluxx games, but love Monty Python and this definitely honors the spirit of the Holy Grail.  Very fun and very replayable.

2134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I seem to be collecting cards and this is one of my favorite sets. Some is over my head, some are over everyone's head; but, most are hilarious and an added bit of entertainment when playing cards w/friends. Durable too.
1178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've played this one plenty of times in the past but decided to get a new copy for myself and my wife (I left my old copy with my ex wife) because I thought it would be great for playing with her family.  Truly this is a great family game with fast play and easy rules, people of all ages can enjoy the game.  That said the rules still have a few errors in them and as always the game is a little predictable without the expansion (you get to know the destinations very rapidly).  Despite these limitations, this is a good game for families and friends.
Jerry


1841	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this guy. Added a personal touch to him. He is a member of Family now (Snowflake)
287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this as a "what the heck" buy, since I've never had tiles before, I wasn't sure if I wanted to dive into them and the price was irresistible.
LA to Miami (goes from the south-east corner of the US to the south-west corner)

6059	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Boring and slow paced. The board also coming in two pieces and don't line up well. They also are very hard to keep connected and the have a slight bend in them that makes it hard to
9900	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my almost 3 year old son's birthday- he's absolutely thrilled!  The eggs are kinda hard to pull apart while it's new, but once the initial stiffness wears off, this is the most awesome toy- I knew after watching my son go for this same toy in every home, school or office we visited that had them, that this would be one of his favorite Christmas presents... and it was and still is!
3809	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a giftbforbsomeonebso I can only say it looks pretty good. Not a great likeness.
5662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Note:  This review assumes the reader is familiar with Fluxx mechanics in general.
667	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyed playing this with the family.  The kids like to read the questions while we are making dinner, etc.
267	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Hated this product.
3730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love how asymmetrical it is, really a different feel than with other games.
1015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game! Great game for friends or the family. I recommend this for the hardcore gamers as well as the part time game night crews.
*Project Wotan (3.5)
1115	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game met all our expectations!  We played it at a friend's house and had a good time, and thought it would be a good game for the kids to play, ages 6 and 9 and also be educational for them.  The game came in good condition, no complaints from us here!
6994	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was given to Toys for Tots last Saturday.
with a point value reflecting its use in English words. Ive come up with three other ways to use this deck and I hope to have more to share with my AVID teachers!
5540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was SO impressed with this game. I've played a number of different versions of Fluxx before, but this has to be my favorite. The art was beautiful and, since Oz is in the public domain, there was no need to skirt copyright like in Star Fluxx. I bought this game for my dad who collects Oz books, but I was so impressed I may also buy a copy for myself. Nice job, Fluxx!!
2646	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Read the reviews! The cards look fantastic. But playing with/using them is tough. Cards are not coated so you're basically handling paper. If you want authentic-looking cards these fit the bill. If you actually want to play cards with them you'll have your work cut out for you.
1990	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a hardbound story book that explains how Santa relies on The Elf on the Shelf as a type of scout. Once your Elf on the Shelf is adopted and named, it is granted its magical powers and truly becomes part of your family as it travels back and forth to the North Pole, telling Santa about the day's activities. When The Elf on the Shelf returns from the North Pole each morning, it finds a new place to sit and spend the day. Kids will love waking up each morning during the holiday season to see where The Elf on the Shelf is!
390	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So much fun!
1824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I always thought these elves were so silly and expensive but we broke down and joined the fun and I'm glad we did! A fun Christmas tradition that keeps that special magic and fantasy going in a time when kids seem to have so little imagination and creativity.
7616	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love playing this with my 4 year old.  It is just as I remember playing when I was little.


In fact, I think that it is a testament to Fantasy Flight Games' character that they paid so much obvious respect to Lovecraft and his Mythos with this game. They clearly went out of their way to make this game truly Mythos-worthy, which is not an easy thing to do. Sure, they could have just put together some new artwork and pumped out the same old game, but they didn't. It makes sense to lose sanity in Lovecraft's world, and Arkham Horror will help you lose it. There is, very much so, a keen sense of unknowable, alien machinations in this game, and it is a pretty slim chance that the investigators have to help push back the darkness, until the next game. And that is really what Lovecraft's stories were about. They were about people, out of their comfort zones, oftentimes against their will, thrust into horrible circumstances, finding a way to hold things back just one more day, so that the rest of the world never has to know...Arkham Horror does that.
6031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you enjoy the game, this expansion adds more variety (replayability!)
Love this game.  A two year old can play this along with older kids and have fun.

9737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This collapses so easily so it's very easy to store without taking up too much room and my son just loves it. It looks like it would be very easy to connect to other ones as well.
4205	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids use these almost every day.

1309	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun once you learn how to play. I gave this present to my 6 year old grandson and he loves it. The beauty of this game is you can buy additions to keep it exciting.


Pick a dictionary and let that be your judge on whether or not something is a word.  Be sure to find the dictionary BEFORE you start playing because you'll need it!
- Mixing sugar with warm water before adding to lemonade
5732	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This card game is ridiculous in a good way.  It starts out pretty simple, but can get incredibly insane after a few rounds.  There are always cards to try and reign in the rules if they get too out of hand, but there's almost no way to relax because there are some cards that will mess up any strategy you may be working with at the time.  It's become one of my favorite card games now.  (the other being uno)
It is still a pretty simple press-your-luck dice game but to fill a few minutes this is, like I said, a better option than most because the decisions actually feel a lot more important than whether to just go again or not.  Plus each player plays a hero with certain special powers giving it some variety.

9455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son (now 18mos) loves this drum! The sound quality is excellent for a toy drum, and it is extremely durable. It's the perfect height for a stool, and my son sits on it all the time and the skin hasn't drooped or worn at all.
4771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8 year old loves this! Great purchase and fun way to learn.
4230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family and friends hate this game for some reason, but my girlfriend and I love it and play it together once or twice a week. We love the moral dilemmas involved: whom to let die, Hitler or Reagan? It's a real toss-up (I usually choose Reagan; I feel that he did more damage). I wouldn't bother with the expansions, as they will probably be more of the same, just with a few more cards. One of this type of game in your possesion is enough.
1. Long game
7678	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	its ok


9627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	loves it




Overall I recommend this toy.
5119	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The game is better played at a large table with a white (not yellow) light so that the colors of the tiles can be easily seen. The game pieces are of a very nice quality. This is one game that is definitely more fun when you play using the rules. Keep it simple when teaching younger children to play so they won't be discouraged. Once they've gotten the hang of it, show them the more advanced moves. It really is a game of strategy for advanced players.
I highly recommend this product, and am planning to buy a few more for the whole family.
The second thing a player may do is to draw three ticket cards. They must keep at least one of them, but have the option of keeping all of them, if they like. The others (if any), are discarded.
If you, as a GM, want to keep it cool, classy and bad@$$ get this screen. Boba Fett people, you can't go wrong with this one.
2976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my dogs because the like small toys and tend to not tear them up. These are pretty sturdy and my dogs love, just don't give them to dogs without supervision.
2057	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has become a Christmas tradition in our house.  Our kids (age 3 and 2) race to find Bernie- our elf on the shelf- every morning.  It's fun for me and hubby too because we love to get creative at night hiding/positioning our elf all over the house.  If you don't celebrate Santa then it probably won't have the same excitement/meaning for you.  YOu could try hiding something else- a baby Jesus or Menorah but really the kids love finding the elf because they think he is going to tell Santa what they want for Christmas.  Of course, most kids love hide and seek so would find this fun even if they don't believe in Santa.  We love it.
2945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your kid is as big a fan of the book as mine is, or even just the song, these are well worth it! My one-year-old holds one in each hand and bounces them along when we sing or chant about the monkeys on the bed. I'm sure an older child would enjoy the fact that they're actually finger puppets, but they're perfect handheld dolls for a baby.
7502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so much fun.  The money is so fun and close enough to real money that we are able to work on identifying money.  It even has ridges on quarter and dime.  The debit card he loves, when we play store he keeps saying he will use his debit card to pay, so cute.  The digital readout is very dim so that's not very good but still an awesome product.
3274	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a challenging, fun game, I would highly recommend Civilization. I bought this game as a present for my boyfriend and have found this game to be a lot of fun. It is a strategy based game for 2-4 people and I love that it's never the same game. I also love that there are multiple ways to win.
4530	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the aspiring author/squirrel lover
9545	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is recommended to any bug lover out there.
1859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it

1878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my granddaughters have had so much fun with this...sure to become a christmas tradition~
3851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this. The quality is great, she's absolutely stunning, I love that you can change the dragon egg in her hand to whatever color. She doesn't take up much room and is an all around great conversation piece. I love it!
1033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
4334	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this game!

Overall, a fun and educational toy that will be used many times over to teach inside the human body. I would like some of the books pictured on the box to be included with the set instead of having to purchase them separately.

9064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Been a fan of this game for years and when my granddaughter was old enough passed on the fun!
2112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our daughter's very first Christmas and her elf will indeed appear on Thanksgiving Day.  Since she is too young to understand we are going to take pictures each morning of her elf in a new location so we can make a book to show her over the years!
282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great start for any Wargamer looking for Orcs to add. and just perfect for everyone else looking for bad guy miniatures in general.
2198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased as a family gift as several members had birthdays. It was something they could all do together. Even 6-year old Jack enjoyed it, with a little help from a big sister. For the price it is a good way to keep youngsters (and even oldsters) entertained for an evening and away from electronic devices for a break.
2750	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for a 5 year old who ADORES Llama Llama. She also loves this. I like it to. It looks like like the book character and is well made. I'd search for a sale because I think that $17.99 is a bit much to pay, but if you can get it at a good price, go for it. It won't disappoint.


- it makes a pleasant beep sound when you slide the pretend credit card
3430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I decided on this set because of all the great reviews it had, versus the cheaper paint sets that I looked at.  The great pictures and quality paints are a nice.  Paints wash off great, even the red, so I am happy about that.  Once it was dry, it didn't seem to rub off, but little kids have wet fingers and it will reconstitute if they touch their faces, so be aware.  Several full face ideas, plus lots of little cheek art - shark, ladybug, spider, sports, etc., and some body art.  With just home use, the paints will last me quite a while and were easy to use, just a dab of water and a swirl of the brush.
Wife indicated this was her favorite game ever!
6029	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	GREAT GIFT for the ultimate SOA fan!!
4570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In 2008, I've become a huge fan of Magnetic Poetry and all the flexible language exercises and fun games that springs from it.  Who knew that playing with words would be so relaxing, therapeutic,  and enjoyable? I find myself searching for the next best word kit to add to my collection. The more unusual the theme the better! I suppose I've become a word theme collector! LOL :)

3560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I purchased these for goody bags for the kids in my daughter's Pre-K class. They are small, but perfect for giving away to kids!
9796	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Blue container is hard for children to open as well as the eggs! One egg has already broken, the inside shape came out. Very disappointed!
139	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	His leg came off within a month, but still a cute little thing.
[UPDATE 27MAY13: I misread a rule in the rulebook. You can mix allegiances, effectively using the Smugglers and Spies and Scum and Villainy decks. I rescind this negative!]
8697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my friend. She uses it for therapy on her hand.. Received the order very fast. Good Price..

Game is played in two rounds. Each player drafts a card from a choice of 12 cards and drafting continues until all 12 cards are chosen, leaving each player with six cards in the round.
459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Delighted to have this game, which we have enjoyed playing with friends.
5567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I belong to a big gaming family and each Christmas I try to buy a few new games to try. I think I discovered this one through a gaming forum that gave it high marks. It turned out to be a HUGE HIT.  We played with a group ranging from 9-86 years old and it was truly addictive and laugh out loud funny. We loved it! It was also a nice surprised to find that the "Moderator" role, which we first thought would be the least popular turned out to be so much fun that we had a volunteer each time we played. The game itself is just a small deck of cards, but the quality of family fun time it provided was well worth the price. One thing to remember is that you really need a larger group to play this, 7 is the smallest group, and it really does improve with 9-10 members or more.
8313	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Probably a really fun game. I had the old version when I was little. But I bought two of these and both of them had pieces break before I could even put it together. Cheaply made.
Previous versions of the game were much nicer looking and of better quality, so much in fact that other reviewers recommend trying to find those older printed versions as opposed to this one. I don't mind average to poor production values if the price is right, but this is just pushing it.
3209	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've played them all and IMO this the only expansion that makes the game better. It adds a new family into the mix and a new type of card, locations. Locations come with their own unique cards that can only be played on locations. It's a fun new twist to the game.

3440	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been using face paint on my children's faces for about 4 years now. I think I'm pretty good. This kit made my daughter's face look great and it was so easy to use!
3386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it so much that she finished it in 3 days!

For people coming into this more as fans of the books / T.V. show rather than as gamers, you should be aware the ruleset is quite complex and this is very much not a casual game to just jump into with a group of friends who don't know the rules. On the other hand, you'll pick it up fairly quickly if you are a veteran of other Fantasy Flight games or play anything like Magic: The Gathering. Of course as a Fantasy Flight gamer there's a ton of tokens, but it's not nearly as out of hand as with Arkham Horror or Elder Sign, so you won't need to buy a box of ziplock bags just to keep them all separated.
591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this card game mostly because of the great reviews it received from other customers.  I was not disappointed.  My 10 year old son and I have tons of fun playing this game, along with Five Crowns, which we bought previously.  If you like word games like Boggle, I would highly recommend this card game.
1470	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my husband for Christmas and we've played it several times already. We love strategy games (other favorites: Carcassonne, Blokus, Settlers of Catan, Santiago, etc). This one has a fairly easy learning curve but enough of a strategy element to be entertaining.  Our eight year-old played with us and totally got it. I also love that it moves very quickly. You don't spend a lot of time waiting for others to take their turn.
1308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is such good fun! With two people or with more, we really enjoy playing it. We aren't really board game folks, in fact we only own this one and scrabble but we bought it after playing with some friends and having a great time. For reference, we're in our late twenties and not particularly "wholesome" types who stay in all the time. We have not played with children so I don't know how this would go over with kids. It's a long game and requires some concentration, but with a few beers we played happily well into the night.
The dice, being the main component, are really nice, heavy, and detailed and the colors are very distinct on the faces. The storage box which serves as the treasure chest when playing is nicely detailed and sturdy, but I believe if I keep using it as the treasure chest for people to reach in and claim their treasure, then it will eventually be damaged and I will need to replace it. However, the box does hold all the components nicely. The Hero cards are nicely detailed and of the quality I expect from a game at this price point. The experience and treasure tokens are probably my only disappointment for they are small and for big meaty paws this could be a side game in itself.  For this price point in the game, the product is well made and I don't feel like I got dice that will lose their detail or color over time.
Basics- Compete for the Galaxy!  In Eminent Domain, players take the roles of different groups trying to conquer the most locations across the galaxy.  This is a deck building game with a twist.  Each turn players do three things in order.  First, they can play a card from their hand as an action.  These actions either build fighters, settle planets, produce resources, removes cards from your deck, or other things.  Then, players draw one card from the central board as their role.  This new card goes into the players deck, hence the deck building aspect.  These roles produce/sell resources for points, settle attack or settle planets for points, research advanced cards with new actions, or search for new planets.  Here is where things become interesting.  When the first player selects a role, all other players may follow that role doing the exact same thing as the lead player.  For an example, if the lead player searches for more planets, they draw a card from the center and play as many cards with the search for planets symbol as they can from their hand to draw planets to settle/conquer.  All other plays may play as many cards with search for planets symbols from their hands to draw planets off turn.  After role selection, then the lead player discards as many cards as they want and draws up to five cards.  Play continues until one or two of the role card stacks is empty.  Player with the most points wins the galaxy.

2180	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The most recent title from game publisher North Star Games is Say Anything Family Edition (2011), which brings their popular Say Anything game to the family crowd. Say Anything Family has more kid-centric questions (which work fine for adults in a group too) than the original game. And just like Wits & Wagers Family, it features family-friendly meeples on the reverse of the answer boards. One down side is that it caters up to 6 players instead of 8, but a noteworthy positive is that this game makes a massive technological leap from Say Anything's Select-o-matic 5000 by upgrading to the Select-o-matic 6000!

1258	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I day I received the game from ThinkFun I sat down to play it. My original intention was just to see how it worked as it has a very interesting look to it. However, I ended up playing for over an hour and worked through the first 10 challenges. I hadn't realized I had been sitting for so long because I was having so much fun moving the little cars around to allow the red car to move forward and out of the gridlock it found itself in. I had things I had to do, so I put it away, but no more than an hour passed before I had the game out again and worked through several more challenges. I found the game to be extremely fun, challenging, and addictive. I think that anyone of any age who loves puzzles or other similar games will love Rush Hour.
56	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Soooo cute and so much fun!  My non crafty husband made a puppy with each of my children (4 and 5) at Christmas and they turned out to be adorable and are still holding up!
You can get one of the following on the Challenge die:
3141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i had totally forgotten i purchased this on amazon like 7 years ago!!! omg, maybe longer. this has always been a highlight in my kitchen from over 4 apartments and a cross country move! lol i love it. it's simple and holds a significant amount of fruit. looks great and is always a brightening piece for a bar. the little hammock things do bend and all the fruit falls out occasionally, that just means you need to tighten the screws underneath the base. have a blast with it, it's totally worth the money.
8686	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great toy for parents to enjoy, not just kids!  The way the sphere goes in/out is just fun to watch.  Throw it in the air; throw it on the ground, and watch it shrink.  It is pretty nifty.
NOTE:  Before we tried it I didn't understand how you could ever 'play' someone  -- they know you are trying to get them to do something from your card so as to steal their necklace, so why would they do it?  BUT there is a rule that everyone must answer all questions honestly (e.g. Do you have a tattoo?  Have you been to Disney World in the past 5 years? etc).  Also SOME tasks are to get someone to REFUSE something (so you don't know if someone wants you to take out the trash, or if they want you to say no), and also some tasks are just about seeing someone laugh, or finding someone shorter than you, etc.
5479	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	One of our Family's Favorite Holiday Traditions, besides the great get-togethers for family, food and gifts is watching many of the darling animated Christmas Shows every Christmas Season. We love them all, to name a few- A Charlie Brown Christmas, A Year Without A Santa Claus, Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town, Jack Frost, Frosty The Snowman, Nestor The Long Eared Donkey and especially Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer. When I saw this new Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer dvd game, based on one of our favorite animated Holiday television shows- I just had to try it out! Our family has spent many Christmas' playing a game of Monopoly, checkers or cards later in the evening just for family fun after all the talking, eating, watching Christmas Shows and opening gifts. This Christmas game will be nice for the younger children!
9141	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I've been happy with the Brio tracks; these are helpful.  $10 seems a little pricy for four tracks, but I found no better price than that.  These aren't cheap tracks, either.  Satisfied.
3872	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	X-Wing is a fast and addicting game. Of course its a money pit since you have to buy all the ships, but, its a Star Wars game and we all love Star Wars. Take my money and let me play!!!
To begin with it has 3 attack, 3 agility, 4 hull, and 1 shields.  One off the coolest new things about this wave/ship is that it introduces the new Sengors Loop maneuver (which is like doing a K-turn with a soft left or right instead of a straight template).  And, all of the ships can take a torpedo upgrade, and the unique pilots can also take an elite pilot talent upgrade. Pilots include:
Formula D (it's the name now, instead of "Formula De") is a fast-pacing, easy to learn Formula One board game up to ten players (the more, the best). By means of simple and yet amazingly intelligent game devices, you'll feel in control of a racing car during a Grand Prix, experiencing all the thrills and pitfalls of such events.
3400	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this based on the reviews on Amazon, and once again, I was not disappointed!  The paints last, but yet wash off easily.  Everyone can feel like an artist with the step-by-step instructions, and there is a great choice of full-face and cheek art.

4561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to get a set of Magnetic Poetry that had positive words without being overwhelmingly "chirpy", and this set is perfect- a nice mix words focusing on general well-being and inner peace.  Perfect compliment for any other set (my other one is the Haiku set).
The Creeper cards may also have their own rules. The Knights Who Say "Ni!" are defeated if any card with "It's" is in play.
9973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our son loves playing with this.  He loves going back and forth in it and playing with his toys dragging them with him through the tunnel.  Can't wait for our new baby so they can play together with this.
I think if a poll was taken throughout the world, Ticket to Ride would probably be #1 even though it is not well known in the US.  Once you play it you won't want to go back to playing Monopoly.... there really is no comparison... they are on two different levels.
4026	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In SW:EoTE there are not a lot of things to keep track of or to hide from the players (well, that depends on how you run your campaigns). But this have all the things you need to know. Dice information, how to manage difficulties. So instead of shuffling the core rule book just take a quick look to your beautifully designed and printed screen and keep the flow of the game uninterrupted. It also feels sturdy, this may last for a few good years if treated with care.
1409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game.  I was introduced to this game by my daughter and her husband.  It takes skill and strategy to determine the best way to build your tracks and get from one city to the next without having to take the long route.
A couple times a week we read the cute story that comes with it to remind our sons the reason he's here and the other nights we read real reason for the season stories.
7550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is awesome! We use it all the time. My little gal likes to put real money inside. You have to be careful not to fill it up too much or the drawer will get stuck, but that's obvious. The beeping noises from the buttons aren't obnoxious and we love the little credit card too, which triggers a button that beeps when you slide it. The little pad of paper is pretty useless for little ones but I can see it being a fun part of the routine for older kids, especially when you tie it into the real grocery store receipt you receive.
It seems to be a sturdy canvas, and it's just as cute as the dolls themselves.  My daughter loves it!
6322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your child loves to color, Painting Lulu's 2-in-1 coloring book is a must! Painting Lulu gives you more than the traditional coloring book. First you can color on a traditional coloring book and then you can scan the QR Code on the top of the page to continue coloring on an electronic device like an iPad or Kindle. You can also just scan the codes and start from scratch digitally. It comes with a cute stylus that looks just like a crayon.
3092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice thanks
My SO prefers my games, and was quite concerned as we went over, gift bag in hand.  "You realize we're going to play that now, right?"
6201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This thing is built very very well.  The frame is metal along with most of the aircraft.  Myself and my daughter crashed this thing for about eight hours straight and it is still going strong.  Crazy fun.
It's also much harder to clean up the pegs on this version.  Yes, it's nice to have the storage tray, but because it's attached to the game you have to actually pull the pegs out individually for clean up.  Way too cumbersome, we used to just dump it into the box storage area.  And I agree it's also hard to close that storage area.  But still, even with these gripes, it's worth it for the game!
The basic rules are simple draw one and play one, however the draw rules the play rules, the hand size rules and even the victory conditions can change with the play of a card.
4137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We haven't used it yet but we love Despicable Me.

The quality of the components is very good (certainly not the best out there, but durable and well built). My only minor complaint is that the cards are way too tiny, but if this is an issue for you, it can be rectified by adding the 1910 expansion, which features replacements for all the original cards, plus new destination tickets.
The artwork is new, with the Face Cards and Jokers featuring characters depicted in garb appropriate to the various Savage Worlds settings, much like those on the older Action Deck, but with a new overall graphic design. It is quite beautiful and a worthwhile addition to any Savage Worlds GM's box of tricks.

If I ever manage to make it through the ten missions included, I would absolutely get any and all expansions for this thing.  Even if not, I like the game enough to just put them on my shelf and stare at the potential dangers inside.
5242	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've had our Qwirkle game for more than three years now and have played it many times. For a game that has seemingly simple rules, it requires a significant amount of strategy to play it well. Every game is different and requires a good deal of thinking. Thankfully, the explanation of the rules that comes with the game lays out the rules in an easy-to-understand, logical fashion and explains all the possible combinations clearly and in detail.
6760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having so much fun playing with my son
3391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a 9 year old and will probably get another one for my 7 year old niece. It has a good range of prompts and types activities, lots of space for doodling, and feels pretty sturdy.

7704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It is a great game.  I am a little disappointed in the way the characters are made.  I guess I am a lot old fashion and liked the one I got for Christmas 50 years ago!  Much better made!
559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A friend introduced us to Quiddler, and we've introduced it to other friends.  I like a lot that we can play with kids -- they like it and although their vocabularies may not be as extensive as some adults' vocabularies, the kids are really quick to see possibilities that some adults miss -- and it works for parties of 2 to 8.  Easy to learn and easy to score and it's not endless (like Monopoly).
9008	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute drum with a nice sound.
284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Honestly, the game itself is not for me (it's a tactical game, and I prefer dungeon crawlers) but it is fun to play and it allows me to expand my DnD board games and my Descent: Journeys into the dark bard games.
3474	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic Screen.
1463	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I bought this game, and we absolutely love it!  Wish there were more games like this!  You WONT be disappointed.
(4) Expanded Cargo Hold, a 1 point upgrade that lets you draw your damage card from either the fore or aft damage deck once per turn.
4515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I continuously return to Bananagrams for its originality and speed. Players are given several letters and make words out of the all the given existing letters upon which the player says, "Peel." Every player receives several new letter tiles until they are likewise used up in words and the player says, "Peel." The process continues until all the tiles from the draw pile are gone, when the first player to use all the letters says, "Bananagrams" instead of "Peel." Game over.
4688	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Truly amazing toy as a grown up i enjoyed it more than my kids hahahha
6729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my granddaughter on her birthday and I'm glad I did.  It is a simple game and easy for children to play.  The object is to get all four of your pegs around the board and home before anyone else.  Beware however! If someone lands on you back home you go.  This game helps children recognize numbers and teaches them to be a good sport.
If you are like us and think the above negatives are deal-breakers, then I would recommend the game Catch-Phrase which is interactive, educational, fast-paced, and kids can play even with adults if you let them skip phrases they don't recognize . (They still learn the phrases when they hear them defined on other people's turns.) We have the card, rather than electronic version. It's a blast.  Kids over on playdates always drag it out, and when we have family over everyone wants to play. This has never happened with Bananagrams.
1580	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love him and always will. This is a must have for your family to pass down.
4840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids just love these. They are great problems that help to prepare for standardized tests when they get older. The questions are interesting, challenging, yet read in a way that the kids can follow and enjoy them. this is one of the few books where they actually ask to 'play'. That should say a lot. I highly recommend, along with some of the others in the Perplexors series. I would say this is for 1st-3rd grade.
1804	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My family had so much fun with this over the holiday season. It's a great tradition to start for any family. I would have given it 5 stars if it would have been more user friendly. For example, the arms and legs should be able to be posed or bendable so you can attach him to things. Or even if there was velcro on the hands instead of them being seen. Otherwise great purchase!
609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Game
2067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	OK. Here's the deal. We're grandparents. We have no earthly idea where we put the elf from last year. We knew we'd better hide him well because it would be no good at all for him to show up, say, in July. But like so many other things in our house, we don't remember where we put him.

7428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great toys for tots donation gift!
8617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with item and quick delivery. Thought it would have been larger.
This miniature is about 3.25" tall, and can only be mounted in flight mode.  Also it is at scale with other miniatures in the X-Wing Miniature Game such as the X-Wing and Tie Fighters.  At least, I'm taking the Fantasy Flight Games modelers word on this.
9412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like this game because it uses simple logic to plan how to deal with ice and snow storms. Also, the fact that it is cooperative, makes it a great game to bring up conversation about why or why not to do something. If you've ever lived in the snow belt, having a plan to shovel out is helpful, so this game helps young kids to start learning these skills. I also love that a bag is provided to put all of the little pieces so they do not walk away between games. Amy
(7) EM Emitter, a 3 point upgrade that lets the defender roll 3 additional defense dice instead of 1 when you obstruct an attack.
Because it packed up so nicely, we brought it along to a family reunion, which included my 11 month and 3 year old nephews and 1.5 year old niece. All 4 children loved it -- we even have some pictures of three kids trying to crawl through it at the same time. It was nice to see, since all his cousins are older, that we are going to get many years of use out of this play tube!

5328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our new favorite game. It is fun and easy to play. I also used it as a teaching tool for our toddler to help with colors and shapes!
7386	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	My full video review can be found here http://www.gameboygeek.com/#!pit-deluxe/ckdt

9955	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was SO much fun, and worth the experience with our kids.
7727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for kids. Thanks
2429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
2. The book doesn't lay flat
1703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great product
This set contains four long curved tracks, enough for a 180 deg. turn. The tracks are very robust and you would need to be pretty violent to break them.
*Server Diagnostics (0)  *Successful Demonstration (2.5)
we are considering buying a used version of this game that is not so ugly.  this board game is over-designed & poorly designed.
This is another pack for the Dungeon Command skirmish battle system.  For the most fun and balanced battles, you should have a minimum of two of the Dungeon Command packs.  Don't buy two of the same pack though, because half of the fun is making the most of your army with all of their different skills and special attacks.  The game is easy to setup.  This game is more about proper usage of cards than it is about lucky dice rolls.  That is a good thing.  The cards are beautiful and the prepainted miniatures are fantastic.  Fans of Wrath of Ashardalon, Legend of Drizzt, and Castle Ravenloft will recognize a few of the miniatures, as some of the molds have been "recycled" for this game.  My family has Lolth, Undeath, and Gruumsh, but usually only play one-on-one battles.  You can play up to four players, but you would need four, preferably different, Dungeon Command Packs.  As a bonus, the packs contain cards for each miniature, so that they can be used as monsters in Wrath of Ashardalon, Legend of Drizzt, or Castle Ravenloft.  I really appreciated that extra option for using the miniatures.
5446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter and I loved the game for a while but after you play it so many times you know what all the ansits not really a challenge anymore.
9356	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love Love this toy! great buy Highly suggest it! Gave it to our 1 year old for her birthday. It took her a few days to really figure it out but now she just bangs on it with a huge grin. After 3 months she still hasn't tiered of it.  not too annoying either!

434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Scrabble in a card game!
This is a winner and a must for Python fans and with the economy tough it is a cheap and fun evening at home.  Get it.
Cargo upgrade cards include:
6602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We all LOVE this game!! As soon as we took it out of the box, my kids were hooked. They played for an hour and were disappointed when they had to quit. There is a great range of difficulty...from VERY easy, to challenging but doable for older kids/adults. So glad we bought his one!!
The gameplay is extremely simple. Your goal: use your train pieces to make travel routes between destination cities. You start each game with three potential destination cards (drawn from a deck) and MUST choose two to begin.

9457	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple set up, decent quality for price!  Very portable!

8584	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	got here quickly and product was as expected!!! ty!!!
2179	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Proving once again that my superpower is Getting Random Strangers To Give Me Things (though, frankly, there are not enough Random Strangers and not enough Things Given), I just received a review copy of Northstar Games Say Anything Family. This is actually my second free game from Northstar - the first was, oddly enough, Say Anything.
The "tag suggestions" state "good fun", "family game" and "silly" - none of which I would categorize this game.
7734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a Christmas gift to replace an old chutes and ladders game other siblings had and needed replaced due to condition.
2740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I teach Second Graders and they love Bad Kitty and the Bad Kitty stories.  Kitty has been a welcome addition to our stories and we can also dress kitty in different hats and costumes to go with the stories.
1591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Expensive!
4156	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ok, I'm not a Game of Thrones fan. Tried the show a couple times, but just could not get into it. However, I feel that you don't have to be a fan to enjoy this game. I found the game to be interesting and fun, but I will have to say that it seems to be a bit more complex than I care for in my games. The cards are beautiful and easy to understand. Fantasy Flight always does a fine job with a game's presentation. I did read the rules and had quite a number of questions once I had read them. Thankfully, I have a friend that had played the first edition of this game and with his help, we were able to get in a few games of it with his help. Btw, I had never played the first edition. After our third game (we only played 2 player) I felt I was finally getting the hang of the game. We did have to keep referring to the rules and those are fairly clear and doesn't take long to look things up.
920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8yo son likes this game & we like playing with him too! Takes some strategy & about an hour to play, but fun game.
THEME
Wits and Wagers Family was a big hit with my extended family over the holidays, so I was really excited to give Say Anything Family a try at a recent family get together. I was able to easily convince my mom and grandma, my aunt Judy, and my uncle Rob to give it a try. This game had us laughing, groaning, telling stories, and having fun together right from the get go. We were grossed out by the idea of kissing a urinal, imagining what the best part of being a dog is, pondering how lottery winnings would be spent, discussing who would be the most fun to have dinner with (Gene Simmons in full costume?!!?), and laughing about what the weirdest family secret might be. We kept a causal pace throughout the game, with lots of conversation and smiles. It really was an amazing experience, and I'm looking forward to many more plays. It was a big hit, and we ended up with a phenomenal 12 thumbs up, everyone loved it!

3595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I Love the stickers.  They are so cute and a good size. They will be great for packages and scrapbooking.
6023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are big fans of SOA and thought this would be a fun game to play.  That's an understatement!  A group of us got together to play it the first time and we lost track of time.
2. Design: A simple design, nothing frilly or fancy. However, the design works well and doesn't get in the way. I give it a moderate score for design.

5591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are always looking for games that can be played with only two people. This game is fun, and is always changing. I love that there is a chance for you to talk about your greatest fears as well in this game.
9864	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson loves it
Hasbro Item #45068
*Cerebral Imaging (4)  Haas Bioroid identity number 3.  At first it didn't get much love.  But that has since changed.  Can make for great combo decks.
7199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun for all ages.  One of our family favorites :-)  Great transaction!
4036	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As advertised, and in great condition.
Ok, the buzzer can be a little frustrating, but moving in little cramped spaces with huge tweezers helped teach me really good hand-eye coordination.

7265	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for little kids!
1590	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my nieces and nephews a few years ago and it has become a fun Christmas tradition for my sister and her kids. They love it when the elf shows up after Thanksgiving. Their favorite thing to do each morning is to look around the house and try to find out where he "landed" when came back from the North Pole. It is so cute watching their imaginations while making memories that they will always remember.
Gameplay / Mechanics / Balance:
This game has some really great looking pieces.  The brightly colored player pawns are wooden and look like little pirates or captains of some sort.  The goods markers are also wooden and brightly colored as well.  They have stickers that must be applied to them to indicate which good they represent.  The market board as well as the player boards are cardboard and have some really nice artwork on them.  I especially like the character portraits on the different player boards.  The cards are absolutely great and have lots of really silly and fun artwork on them.  These have to be my most favorite part of the game.  If that wasn't enough, the game also has the Inland Traders expansion and 4 bonus point cards included with it.  These can be used once players have gotten the basics of gameplay down.  The box is a little small as it just barely fits all the pieces inside it, but it's better than having a massively huge box and only a few pieces inside.  I think we've all had games like that.  In any case, I'm really amazed at the quality of the game.  It's simply great.
There's nothing like working towards a specific goal with no idea if it will all pan out in the end and then seeing your game long plans come together at the last minute. Actually completing those city to city route objectives was the source of the most satisfaction to me not necessarily scoring more points than my neighbor, which is rather refreshing in a game.

3912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I own every non epic ship released for this game. They are all fantastic, well detailed models with solid rules. I have received two ships that were damaged and customer service has replaced those quickly with little trouble.
4728	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted.  Great delivery time and great product.
Contents: 1 rulebook, 7 white party dice, 7 black dungeon dice, 1 10-sided level die, 36 treasure tokens, 24 experience tokens, 8 hero cards, 4 player aid cards, 1 hero book.
Get this after you have played the base game at least 5 or 6 times.
Another minor problem is the LED's on the front are incredibly bright, actually painful to look at. A quick swipe of a black sharpie on the light itself would fix it but I figured there was no point. After trying it out for over a week, I sent it back. In case you are wondering, I ended up searching for an old DataMan - a similar toy from the 80's.

6577	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Be advised that this is not the classic one.  You will receive the new version.  There is a seller that does sell the classic version.
2460	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I wish the tiles were still wood (like the older versions) but I'd give up the wood for the easy locking tiles. They makes playing and keeping things in place way easier!
5422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just bought this game about 2 months ago and it is very fun!  My 3 yr old likes to match up the shapes and colors, my 5 yr old can play the game and has even tought his friend to play it.  It's a great family game.  There's some strategy and logical thinking involved, but great for all ages to enjoy a family game together.  A recent review here mentioned that the pieces seemed poorly made.  Mine appear perfect, paint in good condition, designs are well centered, I am very happy with the quality of this game.
1257	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Recently, Think Fun revamped the look of their classic traffic jam game, Rush Hour.  Now in it's sleek and gray scale version, Rush Hour may be found on any Mensa-hopeful's shelf to help exercise your brain.
7142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for pretend place and calculator practice
9730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun!


"Star Wars: The Card Game" takes a little effort to understand, but is well worth the trouble.  I really enjoyed seeing the iconic characters duking it out, though I did find it odd that ships and characters were treated on an equal level.  This simplifies things a bit by eliminating the complexities of space and ground combat, so I found that I didn't mind as much.  Still, I chuckled a bit when characters like Yoda went up against capital ships like the Devastator...though knowing Yoda, I wouldn't count him out of the fight completely.  Great production values and a lot of room for expansion will keep this game exciting game after game.
4089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What I didn't realize when I got into the X-Wing Miniatures game is that it wasn't like most Fantasy Flight games - this was a collectible miniatures game versus a living card game, or board game. As such, to play in tournaments, you need the extra expansions, and the additional X-Wing is a must for Rebel players. Giving you an extra ship, extra pilots, extra droids, have fun playing as your favorite Rebels like Wedge Antilles.

Overally, my child loves it and while I love it less so since I'm actually the one stuck making them.....you do get cute doggies and its something that you will improve on with each dog you make.
6087	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is the only car racing game you every need.  It can be taught in minuets to new players.  The game is at its heart a dice rolling game, so some of the decisions are out of your control but there is still enough strategy to make it feel like you are in control of your car.  The extra tracks are a most, the Germany and Spain expansion are very good tracks.  This is one of the few games that can play up to 10 players, which is super fun.
3218	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kingsport-Horror/dp/1589943708/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kingsport Horror</a>, the second "big box" expansion for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Arkham-Horror/dp/1589942108/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Arkham Horror</a>, is a must purchase for fans of the board game. It adds new elements to pretty much every aspect of the base set: new investigators, new gates, new items, new encounters, new monsters, and (last but not least) the Epic Battle variation which adds a significant and challenging twist to your last stand against the Ancient One. But this expansion is more than just markers and mechanics: it also introduces characters and locations from a wide variety of Lovecraft's writings into the game, making his world larger - and more frightening - whether you play with all of Kingsport or just mix a few extra cards into the standard game.
9107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 2.5 year old niece and she started playing on it right away! It was just awesome to watch her on Skype singing and beating the drums with her father! The sound is pretty nice and piece appears sturdy. Recommended!
8560	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow - these are GREAT!!!
9287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my 2 year old's birthday and it has been a huge hit! It is very well made and sturdy and the sound quality is quite good. I saw the same drum in a teacher's music supply catalog for almost twice as much with no mallets included. I am very happy with the purchase and would definitely recommend this drum!
2) It teaches the same principles of investing in the right things at the right time.  Only unlike Monopoly, you don't have so much money that you can just buy everything.  You need to make a choice of what and when to buy.
6061	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Also known as 'Formula De' from it's original printings, game producer/manufacturer Asmodee took over the rights when they acquired it from EuroGames and Ludodelire.
1192	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter thought this was a great Christmas present.
Pros:
7074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I just bought this game recently and couldn't stop playing it from the minute I started!
7050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Both my 2 and 4 year old still play with this quite often and its been about 2 years now since we purchased this and its still going strong.
383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for our wedding party at our Dr. Who Themed wedding.  Everyone loved their gift!  Reasonably priced, and so much fun :-)

5088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We've had loads of fun playing Qwirkle ever since we bought it six years ago. It's a game that requires enough strategy to make it interesting, while at the same time being simple enough that a first-time player can be competitive. We've played it with family and friends, and because it's easy to explain, it's fun for everyone. Almost anyone ages 10 and up can enjoy it. Moreover, a single "hand" takes maybe half an hour to play, which means you can play several hands in an evening.
We'd searched  the stores
7226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My girls enjoy playing this game. It is very easy to play. However, it's not interesting enough for the parents playing game with kids.

1407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ITEM OF EXCELLENT QUALITY, GREAT PRODUCT, GOOD PRICE PRODUCT, GREAT AND INTERESTING GAME, LOVE THE GAME, ITEM CAN ENTERTAIN FOR HOURS. A++++++
3601	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	6 year old loves Deadpool, this worked out. Very happy. Good product for the price.
3063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My good friend is a big fan of red foxes. So she got this as one of her Christmas presents. I love the sweet face and super shiny finish. It sits very flat and looks great even if you just have it on a shelf. It looks even better near the sink to drop rings on while washing dishes or doing food prep.
7657	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What can I say about a classic game. kids love it every time i get it.
I think the manufacturer should make the elf a little better quality for the price.
Club Fantasci on Twitter:[...]
120	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a good game to use even up into middle school.  The kids hardly know they are even doing more than playing the game.  The game can be slow or fast depending on how often you read the cards and do what they say.  It offers the opportunity to do a lot of processing about anger and think about potential situations where you may be dealing with anger and what you should do.  In a group, it leads to a lot of discussions.

3614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice "cheat sheet" to help with building a world with the Fate roleplaying system.
Here are some sample questions:  Where was a special place you liked to play as a child?  Tell about one of the best gifts you have ever received?  Tell about a famous person you have met?  Thumb wrestle with the person across from you.  What is your favorite time of year and why?  Recall a time when you got into trouble at school?  Tell about a time when you helped someone.  Describe one of the worst weather conditions which you have been in.

6138	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The plane is cute.  It is small.  It may have worked, but we'll never know because the controller did not work.  Unfortunately this was discovered on Christmas morning when my son received it!! So I've sent it back and ordered another type of helicopter.  Hopefully the next one will work.  Good luck to you if you order this.  Apparently there have been many that have worked!  Just not ours.
7738	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality! The only downside is that the corners of the blocks are VERY sharp. It'd be great if the manufacturer could sand down the corners. My 1 year old son loves to walk around with a block in each hand and I'm scared for him to fall on one.
* Though definite strategies exist to play for a winning hand, they are all too easily undone by some of the Action cards and Goal changes, making the game a little too random for some players.
-Customer service is awesome
This is by far the best version of Fluxx I've ever played. It's more complex than&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zombie-Fluxx/dp/1929780664/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zombie Fluxx</a>, nowhere near as coy as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Star-Fluxx/dp/1936112191/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Star Fluxx</a>, and unlike&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stoner-Fluxx/dp/1929780451/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stoner Fluxx</a>&nbsp;you don't have to be high to enjoy it.
215	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	not that great a game. have only played like once or twice and don't even know where it is now.
This all continues until either the influence supply or a number of role card stacks are depleted, depending on the number of players.  In a 2 or 3 player game it only takes 1 stack, while 3 and 4 player games require 2 stacks depleted.  Scoring then takes place.  Players add up their influence from any influence tokens gained and from face up planets in their empire as well as any technology cards with influence on them.  The player with the most points is the winner.

6551	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of my favorite games when I was younger. It really taught me the process of logical deductive reasoning. That turned into a love for logic puzzles and helping me breeze through college logic class. Finally, a career in computer programming. Doing what you love is the best.
9898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year olds learned about butterflies in school this year. They have been obsessed with the little insects for about 9 months now. This butterfly habitat is great for them to see the life cycle up close, with all the instructions on how to keep them alive! We have bought this for several birthday gifts for friends and family as well. It is always a big hit. I like that you choose when to get the caterpillars, so that if you have a vacation planned, the little guys aren't frying in your mailbox waiting for your return. The instructions are easy to follow and they guarantee that at least a portion of the creatures will form a chrysalis and emerge as butterflies. Every one we have purchased has been successful for all 5, so far, so I have not had to contact the company if there is a failure.
8929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game.
5698	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	If you've ever played a turn-based multiplayer computer game, the old style games would have you waiting for the next player to take their turn before you could do anything. This was kinda of a bummer as it could be a long wait because there were so many decisions to make.
As other reviewers have stated, the answers can be difficult to see.  The translucent buttons are a little too opaque for easy reading.  At least my children's fingers are smaller than mine and they are able to move them out of the way to see the answer.  Also, the fact is simply painted on top to rub off with repeated use.  I also posted a picture to demonstrate the view of the answers.
5323	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love puzzle games and this one has become a favorite.  The rules are simple to understand and it all comes down to your strategy.  Great to play with a group or just two.

I also love the fact that the book has a Christian element to it as it refers to children saying their prayers each night.  Don't wait!  Start this Christmas tradition this year and start making memories that will last a lifetime.
Takes only 30 minutes to 1 hour to complete a game.

Instructions are decent.  Our puppy came out cute.  I don't think she could have done it all alone.  I enjoy crafting, so it was fun to do together.  I am looking forward to making another one with her.
We have family game night 2x a week with 2 adults and a 13yo.  I was looking for a cooperative game to play.  The only other true cooperative we have is&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Castle-Panic/dp/B002IUFSPM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Castle Panic</a>, which is also a great game.
7792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like chutes and ladders great game for kids
5008	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is a knockoff version of the game.  Mine arrived without a bag (the box states there should be a bag); the tiles were not of the same quality as the Qwirkle games found at Target and the game description on the back of the box and the instruction sheet had spelling errors.  I sent mine back for a refund - they were good about sending me a pre-paid return label in a timely manner though.


1154	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are avid train fans, and I waited to buy Ticket to Ride until my kids got old enough to play it (6 and 9, no problems aside from the little one's occasional struggles with the concept of playing fair.)  The playing time can run a little long -- not unlike traditional Monopoly, which sometimes is a fast affair and sometimes drags out.  But we have thoroughly enjoyed Ticket to Ride since Christmas, and already have expansion packs on the birthday wish list.
3983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These dice have good contrast and weighting.  These dice are necessary to play Edge of Empire.
3896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am simply amazed by these game pieces. If your just buying these as a fan or to play the game the detail is better than most SW ships/ vehicle items out there. I would compare the detail to that of the Hallmark orniments and so far what looks to be to scale compaired to the other ships in the series. An X-wing compaired to Slave one or the Millennium Falcon looks scale accurate to how they would look in the movie side by side.
9517	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	a wonderful idea yet the numbers are slowly rubbing off making it not useful.
6472	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	9 year old granddaughter loves anything to do with math. This was a very good choice. She plays with it for hours and her dad finds it fun to play along as well.
8178	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great throwback to my youth! Works great. We had one part break the first time we used it (even with adult supervision) - but Hasbro customer service is fantastic and it is sending an entirely new game.
5903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cards, dice, XP, and treasure packaged in a treasure box that you use to retrieve treasure from during the game. Easy to understand directions. Quick gameplay. Check out the downloadable game play mat to help visual learners and players keep the pieces straight.
4585	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My husband and I are hooked on Bananagrams!



On the player side, evocative artwork as depicted in the picture.
*Borrowed Satellite (3)

4620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is really a fun and educational game. Just a couple minutes into playing I knew it was going to be good.  I just brought three more games for my mother and sisters!
After playing it with my four year old, these are my impressions:
528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of our favorites!
If you are a hard core, dyed in the wool Star Wars fan who is thinking about picking this up to complete a Star Wars collection or improve your understanding of canon then this product is probably going to be light for your tastes.  It is a starter set after-all, but if FFG follows form then the supplements will be well worth the price.
good activity to do with the kiddos

They are sturdy and have held up to my children playing with them many years over and over again.
6407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I never played this game as a kid, but did watch others play it.  We're an avid card playing family so I thought I'd get it to see what it was all about. And it's a great game that the whole family can enjoy.  While you do have to score 1000 points to win, the play is so different form other card games that you certainly won't feel as though you're playing a rehash of another game.  In fact, you'll want to play this game over and over.  In the educational arena, if stategy isn't enough, you also use mental addition to add 25s, 50s, 75s, and 100s.  The first time you read the directions and play it can be a bit confusing, but get through the first game, you'll catch on quickly and soon become a fan.
3618	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this White walker so much I bought the Bust of him as well. The bust was like $150.00 or something like that and I got it for only $55.00 so I was happy about that.
What I will say is that I chose it for Game Night with my wife one night, and she was reluctant to try it.  She didn't want to play a "racing game" at all.  I told her we can give it a shot for one game, and if she doesn't like it we can switch to something different.
3060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super big hit for my 5 year old girl that is obsessed with unicorns. They have issues standing on carpet, but she just puts them on a book to stand.

1422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun strategy game that our whole family likes to play.  It is well made, sturdy and the cards won't fall apart anytime soon.  It takes a little time to learn how to play, but it is well worth it!
You don't have to own the original Fluxx game, as this is a stand alone pack and has similar rules.  The object of the game is to win, but the way you win constantly changes...or is in flux.  The number of cards you draw, or have to play, or have to discard changes.  Rules change.  Objectives change.  The game can last an hour, or 2 minutes.  It is a fun game and can even be played with two players.  Throw in the irreverence of Monty Python and the craziness of the game elevates.  On rule is you have to sing a part of a MP song to draw extra cards, or talk in an outrageous accent, or quote some lines from one of their skits or movie.  This is a great game for any fan of Monty Python.
2275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looked like this was a returned item but overall I like it!
2637	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my 9 yr old daughter who enjoys drawing and often copies the funky lettering she sees others do. There's lot of advice and guidance for spiffing up your lettering such as how to shadow your letters; suggestions like making your baseline for the letters be curved or slanted rather than boring horizontal; or how about Word Pictures (ie: "lemon" where the O is a slice of lemon). This is an excellent guide for anyone (adults too) that wants some inspriation in the lettering area; 41 pages and 5 letter stencils (along with double ended pencils 4 markers, a mechanical pencil, and an eraser in a zip pouch + 50 sheets of paper at the back. also 2 adhesive backed pages for making your own stickers).  The only Negative I can say so far (daughther hasn't used this yet) is that the stencils are not see thru! You can see thru them a little bit, but if you're going to use the stencil to lay out a word, you need to see where you are and clear plastic would have been best.  That said, I did try it out with a light hand, and you can see thru the colored plastic, but you've got to look hard.  THe festive colors of the stencils are great, but not so much when you get down to acutally using them.  I still recommend this, though.
* Easy-to-read, large buttons & LCD display
9827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
3497	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion the best book for D&D thus far.  It keeps the best parts of basic through 3.x, while simplifying the magic item creations.  It is in no way like 4.0( a paper based video game).  I love how they brought back the stone tell for the dwarfs, the passage detection for elves, and other amusing racial abilitys that the races had in 2nd edition.  Fantastic art work to boot.
3245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great gift for a GOT fan.
It took all of 10 minutes to learn the rules and my 11 year old picked it up just as fast. There are three levels of play, so you can break it out for any skill level. On the first time I took it to my game group, it was so popular that it filled up all 10 players. (I had to bow out of my own game to make room for others!)
Today I introduced it to my 5-month old and it captured his attention for 30 minutes straight. He only stop out of sheer exhaustion to get some sleep.
557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have a group of ladies who come to my home almost once a week to play Quiddler.  We're all senior citizens and feel it helps keep us sharper.  It's also good for children (ten and older?) to re-think letter order.  I do like this game very much.

926	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have had this game for a few years and we find ourselves reaching for it constantly.  It is great for 2 players and multiple players.  Very simple game that involves a bit of luck and strategy.  Every Time I visit my parents, they ask that I bring this game for us to play as a family and I usually end up leaving the game with them to enjoy together until my next visit.  (I guess I will just go ahead and buy them their own when I finish this review!). At the time that I purchased this in 2010, the game was very expensive to buy on other sites and Amazon had the best price, which is awesome.  I am going to buy the other variations, as well.  I do wish there was a way to be a bit more sneaky and strategic, as I do feel a bit guilty when I  blatantly block my mom and dad's train routes, but it is still a very fun, easy to play game!
9659	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves it!  We had gotten another railway crossing and the arm does not stay up.  This model is much better!

6798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a great game!  My grandfather introduced me to this in the 70's.  I am now introducing it to my friends.  If you think this is easy, you are completely wrong.  I forgot the strategy I learned to beat the game, but it came back to me in an instant.  I love it and am glad I found it again.
6300	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Looks cuter in pic, feet ( flippers ) are a little weird, makes her look like an alien. Wish it could stand up on it's own like in the picture, but since they have different bases, it's deceiving.  But besides that I like it.
Pros:
Book directions are clear and detailed with large, accurate pictures.
The game has six factions, quick method of resolving combats, cards to try to add flavor of the book to the game. But nothing works. Heck, this game is much worse than the classic BRITANNIA.
9934	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for a beach trip with a toddler and an infant. Did what it was supposed to do, however not as easy to setup as I'd hoped. I'll give it this -- very well made. I'm sure we'll use it again, especially now that I have it figured out. The instructions were a bit lacking, and quite honestly probably what made it difficult for me to setup. Don't over-think the setup and you'll be okay. Just do it. It's not all that difficult after the initial setup. Might try setting up a time or two at home for practice before needing it out "in the field", so to speak!

72	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Girls love this kit, would buy this again
Once you use an Inverter on a Purple card, you create a Paradox (the back of a Blue card on the timeline). In our example, Betty does not want 1945 to be red, but back to its original black. However, if someone does need 1945 to be red, they could play this orange card called a Patch, and thus make an alternate history for that year. Play continues until one Time Traveler has ten cards in his hand, the three Artifacts on his mission, or the correct years on the timeline in black and red (red cards must no longer be paradoxes, but be patched).

1468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first saw this game at a local store and the owner let me play it with him before I spent a fortune on the game.  I loved it!  It was easy to learn and fun to play.  It also helped me out with my locations around the U.S.  I liked it so much, I was able to find it on Amazon and I bought it for my niece as a Christmas present.  She's only 5 and having a GREAT time playing it!  The board is built solid.  The game pieces and easy to use.  And the rules are very easy to learn.  This game is a MUST HAVE!!!
5189	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really good game
4134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great activity book- with magic ink pen to keep kids busy.
6086	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For some reason I totally blanked on the age-range for this game.  My son is 7.  Fortunately, there are Basic and Advanced rules.  I found the Basic rules were sufficiently "difficult" and understandable.  We play with just three players, but it's easy to see how more players = more fun.  I happen to drive a manual transmission (and 6-speed to boot, just like the game) so it was a good opportunity for my son to get a grasp on the concept of changing gears.
2152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Football in a box
3160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my daughter for a 14+ hour international flight - thinking it would be a toy & work for her to use while sleeping on the plane too. She fell in love with it immediately!
I couldn't wait to open this box...but I was very disappointed when I opened the box.  The game board is TOO busy!  It's jam-packed with colors, characters, candy, scenery, etc.  It's hard to even see what's going on!  It's overwhelming.  & honestly, it's ugly!


It is well made, very soft, comfortable for even an adult to use as a smaller than normal size pillow.
9581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An old school tried and true teaching tool! Had it in school when I was in elementary and I'm now helping my daughter with her multiplication table with this. My daughter can press on the button and see the answer right away or think about it a little before looking, its a good security blanket because she knows the right answer is there so she will make the extra effort to think about the answer first.
2074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We introduced our elf on Thanksgiving day. My husband and I are having a blast finding new hiding places and activities for our elf nightly. Son adores it and can't wait to see where he will end up each morning.
6570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really like this cash register. My daughter had been wanting one for a long time so I searched out many options and some were super fancy with many different functions, but I love the simplicity of this. My daughter doesn't yet understand the differences in currency so this will be a toy we can grow with, but she has learned that items cost money and has practiced counting and identifying numbers. She has it set up near her play kitchen for playing restaurant and she loves the credit card that comes with it.
4388	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great take on scrabble.  No longer do you have to wait two hours for you brother to decide the best combination of letters to get 10 points.
4609	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this game for my daughter's 7th birthday.  We love to play scrabble, but scrabble is a little difficult for her still, due to the restrictions of the board spaces.  I thought the free-form style of bananagrams would be a little easier for her to master.  This is a great educational and fun game for all ages.  My 12 year old absolutely loves this game.  She says it is her favorite game right now.  I highly recommend bananagrams.


2980	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	*** I paid full price for this product. ***
I received this product free for testing purposes.
8915	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 5 year son has played with this for hours.  He loves building with it.  I wish his tall towers were more stable and when he spins the gears quickly that it were a bit more quiet, but other than that I think it's fantastic and especially love toys that make kids think and use their imagination like this one does.

7945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Someone gave these blocks to one of my children about 5 years ago.  I liked them because they are much larger than most of the wooden blocks in stores.  Fast forward a few years and 5 kids later, they are still great blocks.  All 5 of my kids play with them at least once a day.  The kids stack the blocks, build forts out of them, spell messages to each other, teach their baby brother about all the colors and letters on the blocks...the list goes on.  And the blocks still look great too!  No paint chips or fading.  Really great, high quality product.  I'm buying a set for my nephew this Christmas.
2826	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loved it.
9055	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like that this drum doesn't feel cheap. It is fun to play with and has a nice sound. I wish it sounded a little better when played by hand instead of with the drumstick. My one yet old loves this but sometimes her hand doesn't make the noise she is hoping for.
3531	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Colorful and easy to use.
6498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Kids really like playing this game. Only good for about an hour, then they are bored with it.
5898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun and easy to learn game. Quick and fun for most ages.
Overall, very happy with this purchase!  Great for a rainy day or any day at all really!
5343	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a good game if your kids are highly analytical and strategic. It is a trumped up version of dominoes and plays well once you get into it.  It can teach both kids and adults a thing or two about thinking. I do have to choose this game for my kids as they like to play games that are more like junk food for the brain, but they can maintain interest for a while once it is underway. My kids are 14 and 11. I certainly wouldn't go much younger than that, they will be bored.


1668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My order was complete had everything that was discribed and met my expectations.
7280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for children to learn the value of money. Recommend it to anyone
798	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.  Kids love it. They are age 9-13,
1626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An adorable gift
924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic board game.
4825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY SON, WHICH OVER THE SUMMER HE CONSTANTLY ASKED ME ABOUT THE HUMAN BODY, THIS WAY WENCAN TACKLE TWO FOR ONE.I LIKE THE FEEL OF ALL OF THE ORGANS, SOOO SQUISHY, HE WILL LOVE THIS AND THE LEARNING ASPECT AS WELL.  IT IS PRACTICAL, FUN AND EDUCATIONAL. YOU CANT ASK FOR MORE THAN THAT!  SGNOIGE/STL MO
6954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My children love it.
If you are trying to find away to bring some more magic into the holiday for your little one this is a great way to do it!
9945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!! Easy steps to follow- all five caterpillars turned into butterflies. We even got to watch two of them actually hatch! Watched them for about a week, then released them. Couldn't have asked for anything better!

9179	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	my 3 year old loved this toy buy grew out of it quickly.
Parental Advisory:  safe for kids
The players turn consists of four different phases:
2248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really love def better then elf on a shelf in my opinion.
5937	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good little quick game. However, it's easy to cheat since both sides of the card are being used. Even if the cheating isn't intentional it still happens. For example. I shuffle my deck then draw my cards. My deck of cards is slightly skewed and I glance down to fix my deck seeing the card top of the next one down. Now I have the information of the next card even though it wasn't on purpose. Still a great casual game.  Oh yea, the instructions suck.

7579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My five year old granddaughter loves this toy.  I'm not crazy about the small plastic coins because her two year old brother puts them in his mouth!
Hold up after a long amount of time using them, so very sturdy.
6164	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	this is a gift and so i have not been able to  open it up and play.  looks awesome and others I know have said it works well. I am jealous of the person I am giving it to
Everyone has a chance to win.

3355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the 4th edition of a board game classic. Fantasy Flight games bought the rights to publish this game and have done a great job taking a great game and supporting it even further.
6057	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun easy racing game that is fully of tense dice rolls.  As with many games, who you play it with can really make or break the fun.  But if you help build the excitement this is a super fun time.  This game also plays well with large numbers of players and is great for game nights where more than an anticipated number of friends show up!
2095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Dresden Files RPG is a staggering achievement. A system in which anything can happen, yet which folds that assumption into a structured environment that usually works predictably and well (albeit with a steep learning curve for the old-school RPG player/GM).
7442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids: 6 and 2-year old and I LOVE this educational toy. We play together and it is great. I highly recommend this item.
7106	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Got as a Christmas gift. Broke less than 6 months later. Was very fun for the kids while it worked, but it just locked up and you can't open the drawer or run the calculator. Poor quality!!!

4. Small pieces that can be a choking hazzard for little kids.
Players strive to score the most victory points. You score victory points mostly by building. In order to make buildings, players must have resources: gold, ore and wood. Buildings give players several benefits such as bonuses to battle, extra resources, and manipulation of dice rolls.

5497	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	He's a huge Trekkie and he said he loves it.  I've never watched the show, so I certainly couldn't play this game, but it was a good gift for a Star Trek lover!
3886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband purchased this to play with his friends. They try to meet weekly after work to play. Apparently it's pretty riveting as more and more people at work have been buying it and the expansions so they can take time during break to play. My husband really likes how the expansion packs are all consistent (you know what you'll get in the pack) so it's not like Magic or Pokemon where you have to buy a thousand little expansion packs to get the one awesome card.

Programs: Paricia, Sahasrara, Self-Modifying Code, Atman, Cyber-Cypher, Inti, Dagger, Cloak, Chakana
Also it's funny because you can easily cheat along the way but when you get to the end they will find out!
3663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THESE! I wish they had more ships!
The game is for 1-4 players. Each player is assigned a role, or multiple roles when you have less than 4 people at the board. The required app (either iOS, Android, or web-browser based) will adjust time length accordingly for the number of participants. In solo mode, I felt rushed but never like I didn't have the time I need. Except once... but more on that in a second. The roles feel well balanced, but certain roles will definitely appeal to different play styles.

7993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you for putting out a quality product for such a good price. As for me and my company we will use you again.
5012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best Game EVER!
1012	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game! My husband received it as a gift for Christmas and we have already played in multiple times. This is a great strategy game, very fun for adults but also for teens, my 15 year old brother loves this game.

7793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the characters are diffrent looking them when we were kids. and maybe it just me but the game board seems smaller. over all though its still a lot of fun this is my 4 year olds favorite game!
9704	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good

8992	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We bought this for our son because he really likes music and he love to play it and it is decorated colorfully.
- each game is fairly unique because the land is composed of pieces that are randomly placed at the beginning
7922	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My little grandson loves this game and often wants to play it again and again.  It's easy for beginners as they only need to count the number of color spaces to move.  The board is very colorful and the short cut paths well marked - but I still need to help him with which direction his piece moves after a short-cut.  I must admit that I find two games about my max as it gets a bit tedious.  (I'm looking forward to when he gets old enough for dominoes and backgammon.)
9383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love this drum, but pay attention to age recommendations.  I purchased this for a 1 yr. old, but the mallets used to do the drumming, are long wooden ones.  I quickly realized my mistake as Baby can only play this drum with one-on-one adult supevision.  It's too easy to fall onto one of these mallets and cause permanent damage to the throat, vocal cords, etc.  The warning was there in the description, but I didn't thinkt this one through.  Even a three year old should need complete supervision,  It's alright, just make it be a family or group experience.
8408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is mouse trap. It is fun and fairly simple to play, but younger children will need help assembling the trap. I think the origianl I played when I was little was a little more sturdy, and they replaced the big yellow ball with a small metal ball that I think doesn't work as well, but then that is kind of part of the game.
5624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazingly fun game
6758	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	10 year old daughter and I loved playing this game. My husband even challenged me a few times so really it can be great for adults too. We had a blast!
A recent study conducted on Gamblers Anonymous members by the Developmental Psychology department at a leading Nevada Universtiy indicates that the favorite childhood game of lifelong gambling addicts was Candy Land. Is this really the message you want to give to your children?
Overall, my daughter loves this app, and I can't wait to see what comes next for Lulu and her friends.
4705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	AH-MAY-ZING! My preschool aged daughter is into how things work so we bought her this for Christmas. She adores the sticky/squishy body parts and has learned all their names and knows how to assemble it without much help. My husband also loved it and had a great time refreshing himself on his anatomy course. What a great idea! The bones do have a bit of a hard time snapping and staying in place but it doesn't detract from the joy of the process. I think this could be enjoyed well into a childs school years!
4486	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fabulous game that makes you use your brain, be competitive, think outside the box, and be open to changing things if words need to be changed.

7449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great, thanks! Just what I needed. Easy purchase. Seller was super awesome and worked with me. Shipping DYNOMITE!
Netrunner was a collectible card game designed by Richard Garfield (Magic: the Gathering, King of Tokyo) for Wizards of the Coast. This game plays very similar with a few significant changes. Fantasy Flight Games took that game and placed it in the universe of its futuristic detective game Android. (Note: Netrunner and Android are two different products from this one.)
4951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this game east to play and even my 3 year old gets it
9041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time.  My 4 year old daughter loves this game.
5541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'd you love the wizard of oz and card games this one is for you!!
8532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a gift and came recommended by a friend who bought it for her 5 and 8 yr olds.

- Mixing cream into melted chocolate for truffles

Next thing is that the directions are somewhat complicated. Maybe I'm impatient, but I just did not get it.

5. I like that you can't just build a deck from absolutely everything. You are basically playing with 8 "sets", called "objective sets"; these sets contain five additional, pertinent cards.
3705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Incredibly detailed and accurate to the show. A nice addition to any GoT Dark Horse Deluxe collector!


8100	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of money / difficult to put together/ direction in Spanish/ put back in box didn't play/  Cheap pieces
 - it's got the good parts of Apples to Apples with added creativity - the free-form questions means the game doesn't devolve into the same kinds of jokes & picks (as A2A has a tendency to do)
7591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	son loved
7484	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves this!
3053	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice color. Just the size for single portion of soup or pasta.
The kids love it, the age of 8 and up is right on, my 6 yr old needs some help but still likes to join the fun.
9801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved watching all of the caterpillars turn into butterflies. I was concerned about one of them due to the amount of blood-like fluid that was on the paper, but they all survived to be released. Just keep in mind that you have to pay shipping for the cup of caterpillars separately.
The desing aspect of the game is brathtaking. Gorgeous mapboard, rules books, miniature cars. In short, it's highly recommend game if you're into Formula One and board games.





4830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I'm not a flashcard kinda gal, but I did want something like the Montessori sandpaper letters. These fit the bill nicely.  They are made of heavy card stock, nearly cardboard. As long as you don't get them wet, they should last basically forever.
3493	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I run Savage Worlds, Call of Cthulhu and a variety of D20 games, and have commercially made GM screens for 'em all. None of them come up to this level of completeness.
* The cards, though sturdy, could still use a linen finish (although this would make them look different from older expansion pack sets.)
As far as durability, these are the mardi gras beads you can buy at dollar stores, etc. and the cards are your typical game cards, the bag is plastic with a zipper and handle, so as long as you use common sense I don't see any problems with durability.
- Creating a slurry of spices and warm oil to brush on meats
4345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift
8124	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game looks and plays just like it did when I was a kid. Bought those for my boys, they love playing it. Classic game, would recommend!
6656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	what stimulation this rattle offers. our munchkin loves shaking it and watching all of the colored balls move from one end to the other. we take it everywhere, great rattle!
1655	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An awesome holiday tradition.

Cons:
This does have updated rules.  When I got my first set of Wizard cards, the rules said "Wizards always win, jesters always lose."  We've had several times with multiple wizards played.  We've determined the first wizard wins.  We've never hit all jesters, although we've had two played upon occasion.  New rules did match our house rules for multiple wizards.
893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Solid Game

6767	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pretty neat for kids who like puzzles.
1281	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	played this with my 9 year old (he loved it, and played by the rules) and my six year old (she got the concept of how to claim a route - but was unable to claim the route specifically to a destination card - though she loved it too). it took us around 1 hour to play the game.
My daughter is In love with this book as it gives step by step instructions on face painting.
269	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I had high hopes for this game, as I am a big fan of Fourth Edition D&D (though if you like 3e, enjoy it! I'm not going to tell you one is better; I'll just tell you which one I prefer). I also enjoy games with modular tiles and such, so I really went into this game biased towards enjoying it.
9 out of 10


1451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It just might be. at least top 5 in my book. I would recommend this game to anyone, I bought this copy for my sister.
76	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cool craft but is a lot of work and quite messy. The puppies are cute but there is a lot to clean up when you're done!
4745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I must say I was a bit perplexed when my son saw this at a local bookstore and then begged for it through Christmas. Lo and behold, the boy loves to insert the squishy body parts into the plastic human shaped case and knows more about how the body works than most people I know (including me). This is a well made, very detailed "toy".
8859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my little one. She loved it. It was madee well. No problems. Had it now for 4+ years. Still holding on strong
5664	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift to my (adult) cousin, and she adored it.  She has played the base Fluxx game, but didn't enjoy it as much as she loves this.
3 orc warriors

Overall, this is a fun game with a steep learning curve that may take hours to play (and at times is incredibly frustrating). It's hard to keep track of all the cards on the table, mechanics in play, number of power everyone has, etc. It is very fun though to play as a faction from the books/show that you like (or don't) and the faction options are great (night's watch is a welcome addition here). I really do wish I could put together a bigger deck with this base game and that is probably my biggest complaint.
7159	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic.

7338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.
8944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome learning toy for tots!
Summary-This is an awesome game.  It's a quick deck building game that is easy to learn and play.  This game gives me a 4X feel without the 4X time or rules depth.  This game won't replace Twilight Imperium, but I promise you will play Eminent Domain far more often than that game!  This is another well done game from Tasty Minstrel Games.
8933	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All of my grandchildren, ages 3 thru 14 all love playing with this toy.
The plastic board is also cheap, and the wall between the two types of pegs does not keep the pegs from mixing, so you end up picking the different pegs out of the other slot - time consuming!  Plus, the trays are so poorly constructed that it is almost impossible to close the lid without getting pegs stuck so that it can't close.
5039	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! It takes a little while before you get the hang of the scoring system, but it's so much fun. My husband and I love playing it together or with friends. We try to make the most points out of the least tiles. We've gotten really creative. Once someone gets on a Qwirkle roll, all bets are off!
5956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great price for a big game in a little tiny box!
9110	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is heavy duty and good quality. It has a nice ring to it so it isn't annoying like all the toy drums out there. This is the real thing and my son loves it.
6813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is not a game for all kids.  I bought it and tried it out myself to see if my grandson who was going to be 9 would like.  After trying it, I knew it would not be for him.  He would not have enjoyed the necessity to analyze and come up with the appropriate solution without getting frustrated.  However I have other grandchildren and immediately knew which one of my grandchildren (she will be 9 in June) would not only love the challenge but enjoy the analytical aspect of this game. I also saw the aspect of other's being pulled into the game by making suggestions.  I give this a 5 star rating but consider the personality and interests of the child.  This will be a very beneficial game for some kids but could also turn another kid off completely if they got frustrated.  The nice part of this game is the beginner to advanced levels of play. The size of the game and nice bag for the small parts and best of all, when all else fails a step by step guide to the correct solution is on the back off each card. As an adult of the same type as my granddaughter, I found it challenging and captivating.  A game you could walk away from and come back to later for a fresh take and hopefully a solve.  Fun Fun Fun for the right kid.
2544	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for family fun night. My 8 year old is having a wonderful time working on his spelling and we are having a wonderful time playing the game. Love that the pieces don't slide all over.
3683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	After viewing the picture I assumed that this product would be much bigger than they actually were.  They look quite nice but I would have loved it if they were a tad bigger.  I wasn't as concerned in the packaging they arrived in, as others here seem to be.


7918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I thought they would be alittle bigger than they actually were but my son is going to love these when he opens them on Christmas morning. I love the wooden blocks. I had them as a kid I am glad I found them. They shipped real quick also.
8353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The joys of playing old school board games. My 8 year old daughter loves this game.

5285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Already a family favorite after just one weekend!  My 6 year old grand daughter kicks my butt in this game.  I've played this game with both kids and adults, and a mix of both, and we always have a great time. It's an easy concept game so it's quick to learn. The key is looking at all your options so you can maximize your points while trying to not setup a possible Quirkle for someone else.


9638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	adds dimension to our constructions!

4536	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Ordered it 2 different times, got something else each time.
  take you can draw two cards from either some face up cards or roll the dice and choose some from a facedown draw pile, or a combination.  If you pick a wild from the face-up pile, you only get one card that turn.
The game seems to mimic actual PC game to as much detail as is possible for a board game.

9404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game!  this is the second "cooperative" game we've gotten and we are really liking them.  this one is a matching game, with the pieces being different valuable items, jewelry, golden goblet, painting, etc.  you blindly pick out 3 pieces and slide them behind the secret door.  then you take turns flipping pieces over to try finding matches. when you flip a piece over, its either a valuable item or a clock. if its an item, you flip another piece over to try to find its match. if its a clock, it goes up along the top of the board - once you get a certain amount of clocks, 12 I think, you lose the game, time has run out. the point of the game is to figure out which 3 valuable items have been hidden behind the secret door, by flipping pieces over and figuring out which ones you don't have a match for.  we've played the game probably 6 times and have only won it - figuring out what the 3 pieces are before we flipped over all the clocks - once. its fun though. and its cooperative, so you can help each other remember what item is where. my 7yr old son and I love playing it.
9795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly, my 3 year old plays with them everyday with her kitchen set, she has not problem opening the eggs and matching them and putting them back together.
3759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's good stuff very pleased with the product and i got exactly what i expected and didn't get something that i didn't expect
3813	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The details are well made. I am so happy to have it. Great find indeed.
4567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These magnetic poetry kits are fantastic for keeping on the fridge.  It's nice to have a simple way to be creative.  This healing words kit is excellent for anyone who likes to try and keep a positive outlook.  You can put up positive messages to yourself or whoever else to cheer you up.
Additionally, the Most Wanted Expansion works with this expansion allowing Boba Fett to fight with that faction too.
2713	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son likes playing with Otis the tractor as I read along to the book. a great little stuffed tractor!
What also makes this little game "big" is that each card has its own special ability which is activated once played making a card that seems easy to defeat, strong with its special ability. This makes you think about which card you should pick during the drafting period i.e., do I pick a card with high attack/defense strength or this cool card that has a neat special ability -- something to think about and I like that in a game.

8500	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game for my daughters after sequence and drop it. Helps them in memorizing and strategic thinking
2995	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect addition to my Jujube BFF bag! I keep in it my bigger bag (serial over packer) with wipes, a few diapers, my wallet, cellphone and a few other essentials. It is the perfect size (not too big or too small) to just grab and go especially for quick trips when I don't want to haul around my bigger diaper bag. In addition, this product is beautiful and the quality can't be beat!
7391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great addition to family game night although a bit diffrent from the one i had as a kid
Everything about this box set is catered for new folks, but I think advanced players will want to get this as well for a nice evening to introduce your group to the Fantasy Flight way of doing things.
595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I received this at my last birthday party and we had 7 adults willing to try it out.  Took a while to play, well over an hour, but it was a lot of fun for everyone I think.  Not sure about all the rules... we collectively thought the "can only use dictionary when it is not your turn" made it too easy for folks to hog the help.  It feels like a cross between Scrabble and cribbage.
1386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife will actually play this game with me!  It's not really for just 2 people, since there isn't a whole lot of competition to get the tracks you want, but it's still a good time, I've heard of playing a third person between the two of you, for extra competition/fun, but we have yet to do it, it's fine with just the 2 of us.
Honestly, if you don't have this game, you owe to yourself to buy it and complete your collection.  I can't recommend this game enough!


6525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for everyone in our family. Our youngest is 6 and plays the game as does our 13 year old. The adults in the house play, too.  It has various levels of play so everyone can be challenged.
1898	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids are really enjoying waking up in the morning to look for Ross the elf lol.. They are behaving a little better since i tell them that if thwy don't behave i will tell Ross so he can tell Santa.. the book is really nice and colorful, they love reading it over and over
5459	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game! It was a gift for me and it is great. If you love the 80s, it is a must have!
The reality is that it's really difficult to keep the rocket on its side while you carefully place the tube inside without spilling a single grain of soda.  If even a bit reacts, you will NOT be able to get the stopper to stay in.  The tightening mechanism does not work.

1023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am not a board game person but my wife really wanted this (She's into board games) I've got to say, it is a lot of fun. Easy to learn. We figured it out in like 10 minutes and have played several times.
925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a fun game. Worth the money.
Add to this a thoroughly lackluster presentation (at least the disk loads faster because there aren't any impressive sounds, images, and effects to cue), and I give Disney a C-/D+ for their efforts here.  It works, and some families are going to enjoy it, but those of us who think of Snow White and Beauty and the Beast when we hear the name "Disney" aren't going to have much use for this game.

My grandson hauls around two toys all the time, this one and a stuffed Mickey.  Both are favorites.
2476	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
5303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is great for families with children of varying ages.  It can be played and enjoyed by the whole family.
1441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am sure the fact that I won decisively the first time we played has Nothing to do with my positive feelings about this game! :)
8300	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't order this.
I agree with most of the reviews I have seen. All of the added components are great except the military tokens. I guess if everyone playing agrees to use them then it's ok, but you are trading 1-6 every year to 0-4 and you can only have each number once. This means that if you happen to chose the one 4 you have on the first year then you are probably going to loose the battle in the 4th and 5th year. How is that fun?
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pop-In-Kins-Elf-Pop-In-Kins-Christopher-Bookset/dp/098153970X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pop In Kins Elf Pop-In-Kins Christopher Bookset</a>
8130	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is simple, fun and easy to play. My 3 year old and I love to play. Sometimes we end up playing longer than expected, but the one on one time is great.
It turns out the tunnel is quite the interactive parent-toddler play device. Throw a ball in. Stick your face upside down on one end. "Twist" the other end upward so your kid has to pop up as if in a rabbit hole. My wife and I are both constantly amazed how many miles this tunnel logs, but, come to think of it, I remember vividly logging similar miles in my tunnel as a pre-schooler and kindergartener, even without the parent involvement.

The game can run 5 min or an hour you never know, its a perfect reserve game to have handy if you are waiting for part of your game group to make it.  It says up to 6 but you can play with more without trouble.
4845	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You don't know what the picture is unless you do the dots. Some are really small to see so you might need a magnifying glass. Lots of fun and plenty of hours work. My son loves it.
7062	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after 3 days
2409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son fell in love with this Elf pet.  It is quality made and worth spending the money!
3417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of best face painting book ever.

Overall, it's a great toy to learn about human body.
3717	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun!
It is a nice mechanic and adds to the excitement around the gaming table.
The progression/skill improvement mechanic was a little different, but if you played WHFRPG then SWRPG will be an easy transition.
I will have to agree that they should make the box plastic even if it would make it cost a little more, mine is covered in tape! Still a wonderful game and a joy to play anytime!
8158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves it and plays it often.
774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good times. The kids love this game and its played regularly on game night.
7158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Now what kid doesn't love a great game of candy land a game that even boys will like.
7867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My GD, who is 3 wanted a cash register so I of course get right on Amazon and order one. Maybe I should have waited. She wrinkled up the paper money, put it back in the drawer and jammed it after about only 30 mins. of play. I think it might be more appropriate for an older child maybe 5-6..or maybe mine just isn't ready yet. I don't know. All it is a nice set and has the bells and whistles enough to be like a real one.
1769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for our 6 yr old son to have this.  Husband moves it every night and leaves a short note.
8970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the game of Rook and this is perfect! Has the cutest tiny little pad to write points on too!
8430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember playing this when I was little.  When we first got it I wasn't very interested in the game itself, it was more just fun to set up the traps and set them off.  That's one of the reasons it's fun for a large age group- even if you don't care about the game it's still entertaining.  Young children do need supervision as some of the parts require fine motor skills to set up that most young children don't possess yet.
4. Customizable board
7060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy! High quality and long lasting fun
- no batteries, press down and answer is visible

This games is suitable for teenagers and adults so it is not a family game to play with younger children.  Play time takes a while, especially in the earlier games where you are pausing to clarify rules, so make sure to set aside a couple of hours.
548	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game! We got this for Christmas after playing it at a relatives house. We have so much fun with it...even my kids love this game and they have fun trying to figure out ways to use all the x's and z's. Very fun family game for those who can spell:)
The only problem I had was my copy has a warped board, but after contacting Fantasy Flight I found out there was a cutting issues with some of the first prints. They were quick and responsive and are sending me out a new board.
5225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids, 5 & 7, love this game.  It took a little longer for the 5 year old to catch on, and he still seems to focus a little too much on getting a Quickle vs. just accumulating points, but it's a great "family game night" addition.
TL;DR


1491	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Ticket to ride is a great game with excellent game mechanics.  In each turn you can do one of three things: get train cards, get destination tickets, or claim a route.  As a result, the turns are rapid-paced which helps to keep players engaged.  Sometimes I will finish my turn and go to get a glass of water only to find that the other players have taking their turns and are waiting on me.
6735	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh, this game is so fun and addictive.  It's easy to set up for my grade -schoolers and wouldn't you know, they sit there for hours trying to figure out how to let the little red car out of a jam.  I love educational games that keep their attention like this one does.
8450	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great group game!  Our family (adults mostly) played it multiple times, although we never used the actual game board, which is mainly for scoring--we just kept track of our own points. Not using the game board meant more than the allotted number could play easily, and after a while, sometimes we forgot to keep score because it was so much fun. Even our non-game-players (every family has one!) played and enjoyed it. We paired up children ages 5 to 9 with adult partners and that worked well.  I don't think they could have played in a big group as independent players; a little too much synthesis of information required.  But they enjoyed being part of it. "What good is wisdom....when the butter doesn't stick to the bread."  Now who would guess that answer?  Only one of the fifteen people in our group!  I gave it fewer stars for educational value because that's not really the point of it.  But it's great group fun. If you have ever played the Dictionary game, this is similar, but a little more humorous.
2774	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute
Lastly, my kids were not into it (Age 2 and 3).  Maybe they were too young, or too spoiled.  The elf brought them occasional gifts (advent calendar, chocolate, diecast car, pajamas) - still, the elf got no love.  I will try again next year, but will make our own elf book together with our kids.

6812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game to teach spatial problem solving skills for children. It is much like those slide puzzles where you are trying to move a piece out of pattern and it is modular as different cards set up different problems.
1221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game and one of my favorites.  It has enough strategy and different aspects to keep people engaged and definitely requires some thought to win.  Only 5 people can play, however, and the more people that play the longer the game takes to complete.  Two players can get through a game in 45 minutes to an hour.
117	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I like this game for reinforcing previously learned anger management techniques. It will not stand only as the only thing that will teach children anger management skills but kids seem to have fun with it. And since it's played like Uno most are familiar with the rules already. I have used this for lower functioning adults as well.
I was looking at the Little tike race car toys for a first ride on, not this.  This car was difficult to put together.  The instructions were horrible (no words all pictures).  After a few hours dh and I got it together.  My son loves it, he jumped in turned the wheel, but the car didn't move.  He plays in the car everyday, but has no clue how to get it to move.  He also holds the door while getting his foot in and the car toppled over twice (on level ground).  I have to walk around and push it for him.  He also slid out from under the car afew times.  The more he tried to get up or me help him get up, the more the car would move over him. He does push it himself, but he would rather ride in it than push it.
9494	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandchildren love these so much they even quiz each other with them!! So glad I ordered them!!
3309	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've yet to play the board game with a full group but regardless the board, pieces and cards are all beautiful. It does seem quite daunting if I showed newbies but I'm hoping to bring some GoT fans to the wonderful world of boardgames~
6 Nothing on this truck indicates that anything is waterproof.
131	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I use this every so often with kids who could use help with anger.  They like it and see it as a fun game.

431	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just a fun, creative toy.  It starts as a ball and comes apart into mini "pyramid-like" pieces.  From here, you can use your imagination and create new objects (animals, stars, etc.).  It also has a strangely soothing feel when you are putting it back together.

6432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good present to the kids star know about spend money
7080	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome gift for a 4-5 year old boy or girl.  It provides with a lot of pretend playtime while it teaches basic concepts!

With the games mentioned above... the issue that happens are rules... most games there are a lot of rules. They become difficult to remember and basically you end up playing and winning or losing incorrectly. Not Ticket to Ride... it took about 5 - 10 minutes to fully understand the game and after a couple of moves you totally get the game. Super fun, easy to play and there are strategic / gambles that you make.... like how long do you gamble on a route? What routes are other people doing? Can you stop them or should you hold out for that one color train card!?!
8948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice set of Rook Playing cards.
It fleshed out the corporations and runners nicely with factions that had some small variants in playstyle (focusing on different elements of the game). It also made for much clearer and simpler rules (without dumbing it down), enough so that my gamer-light wife was able to pick it up and enjoy it on her first try.
4507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got as a gift for my granddaughter. It's a nice game for kids and adults. Nice ice breaker or warm up game.

5  stars!
The entire re-design. Totally ridiculous. Don't waste your money. Go to eBay and get the real thing.
4445	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game. Even for my 7 year old grandson.
2667	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most fun card games I've played in a long while.  This is a standard set of cards with two additions of four each, or 60 cards total.  Jesters always lose and Wizards always win.  In the first hand, you get one card.  Top card gets turned over for trump.  Person to the left of the dealer starts.  First off, pick the number of tricks you're going to take.  After all have picked, you play the hand out.  If you get the number of tricks you said, you get 20 points plus the number of tricks.  If you're wrong, you lose ten points for each trick you were off.  Next person deals with one more card per hand until you've played with all the cards and no trump.
Plus side, small enough to stick in purse for travel.
4147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Complex working to get a handle on it. Quality materials tho.
6836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect game.  My 6 year old is able to do half the challenges (he finished rush hour jr. in a week).  I bought the extra decks for never-ended problem solving challenges for the whole family.
Inferior dividers for storage
8507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was the perfect sixth birthday gift for my game-loving daughter. It is easy to play a round or two knowing it won't be a huge time commitment. The game is simple but fun, and adults don't have an advantage: our six-year-old usually wins. It's also not nerve-racking and boring for adults to play like some games (::cough::Candyland::).
5397	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my 6 year old.  It's a game that is actually fun to play with your kids.  He is still trying to understand all the rules for play, but that's part of the fun.  I think we will really like it when he can understand it.
4346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for all ages!  Compact and light for packing along on a trip.  Have bought two and plan to buy a third as a gift later this year.
1962	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	My Grandson got this and because of the movie, he got this one, but all my Great Grands got one cheaper and IMHO better because the arms and legs were wire and extremely posable. However, my Grandson (9 yrs old) loved this elf and his Mom
Type-Euro
I think this game might come out a few times a year from here on out, but it seems like you need several dedicated players all ready for it at the same time.  You can't just bust it out at a party and be like "Whoo!  Who wants to play some FLUXX?!" because then everyone around will sort of stare at you awkwardly until one guy comes up and says "Not now, man; we're trying to conduct a bris!" and then you'll look stupid because you're not even Jewish don't actually know anyone at this party.
I liked that fact that it is cooperative. It took a bit of getting used to since my boys were used to competitive games, but playing cooperatively made for a calmer experience and no one was angry at the end- even if the 'clock' did chime 13.
The elf is really cute and made well, also comes with a very nice book, and the book is a nice large size which is nice. Christopher will be visiting our house again around thanksgiving time.
5608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the flux series and these themed version puts a fun twist on a challenging and strategic game.
9026	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game for my 7 year old who loves trains and thrives on puzzle solving.  He quickly whipped through the jr. and beginner levels. The Intermediate has been challenging and I love to watch him concentrate and work his way through each card. My 5 year old daughter can do the jr. cards as well and when they aren't playing the correct way they are making up their own games with the train pieces! This game literally provides HOURS of fun. I've done a few myself and can't wait to play again. The whole set is very sturdy and durable. This is definitely one of our favorite games now. I am extremely pleased with this purchase!
5168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent game to stimulate the mind.  Appropriate for 6 year old kids and 40 year old adults.
(6) Engine Booster, a 3 point upgrade  that lets you do a one forward maneuver before you reveal your maneuver dial (assuming this does not cause you to overlap another ship).
-Failure cards that other players will use to foil your attempts to save him.  Some of the Failure cards are numbered, and the flavor text creates a logic puzzle (I think that's what it is) if you read them in order.
4	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love it!
9833	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son loved playing with these
Highly recommend for those who like monopoly play-style and want a fantasy theme.
4781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandson is only 4 but he plays with this for hours.  Even told mama "Did you know that the skin is the biggest organ in the body?"  What a great science tool.  Says it's for kids who are older, but if your young one is interested in all things science like my grandson, it's totally worth it even at a younger age.
4073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous model, quality seems ok, paint job is fantastic. A good addition to any Imperial player of X-Wing.
The battery starts to hold less charge after about a year of regular use, so I buy this regularly.


This figure would be perfect to add some humor to any office environment, given Dilbert IS workplace based comedy. Whether you keep him nonchalantly on a book shelf for motivation, or give him to your boss as a gift, this doll will be a huge hit with any Dilbert fan!
942	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wow. We wanted something for game night and this one is it! It is really fun once you figure out how to play, but boy is it worth it! There's so much strategy, I have a 9 and 12 year old that both caught on quickly and it was game on. Definitely recommend.

4993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic game for 5 year olds and up. I have played it many times with my grandchildren, ages 4, 5, and 7. The 4 year old enjoyed giving us the tiles, so he felt that he was part of the game too! It helps children identify attributes, colors, and shapes, and also encourages them to develop strategies for getting the most points.
5284	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Also purchased this for the twins (11 years old).  Not sure they love it, but I've played this game and love it!
6591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the idea for this game is genius.  definitely helps with logic and persistence
1159	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The whole family loves this game!!!
Highly recommend it for any 12 - 36 month old.
4835	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Start with the lower levels of Mind Ware Analogy Challenges.  Then go to this advanced level.  Don't be surprised if the kids do better than you do.
1971	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it this past Christmas season for my 5yo daughter to enjoy.  It was adorable to watch her face light up every morning as our elf, Blizzy, moved around the house.  She was sad to see him go Christmas Eve, so I will definitely be looking into the birthday book and outfit for him!  Such a cute idea :)
6887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my niece still plays with it
All I told him was, "Go ahead. The cars have to stay on the board. You can only move these cars (as I pointed), this way, and these cars that way. You have to help the little red car escape."  I wasn't too sure he understood, but my son can really surprise me from time to time. He sat there for a minute or two and I could imagine the little gears in his head turning as he tried to figure out what move he wanted to make. It was an amazing thing to watch for me. That little boy figured out how to play! He did six in a row. I held back and did not help him, but he didn't actually ask me for help either. He did six in a row, taking his time, but honestly, not as much time as you would  think most people would, and he got through them. I wish I could have filmed it. He got tired of playing after those six. I sat there with my mouth slightly open as he completed those challenges alone. Wow. By the way, this game just so happens to be a MENSA Select game...
6210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Relatively easy to fly although concise low speed maneuvering is tricky.  Can take a substantial amount of abuse without breaking.  This is a good starter copter to try out and see if you might want to go for something more expensive.  On the downside, you can't
1602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice set.



I give it 5 stars because it is educational , durable, pretty and fun. My girls use it to play grocery store, to play pretend shopping and they also use the money that comes with the register to play other games.
5643	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Good price and shipped well- but bad game.
4146	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely second edition for a fun game.  The art remains gorgeous; it's a wonderful addition to any collection for that reason alone.  Much like Game of Thrones, the rules are complicated.  This means it's a bit more "meaty" than your average CCG, however, it also means there's a learning curve.  If you are looking for a first-time card game, I'd suggest Legendary or the LOTR for that purpose.  If you're looking for something to satiate you and you're tired of Dominion, give her a whirl!
3222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Dare to dream? The mist shrouded Town of Kingsport awaits! This expansion is really neat, adds the guardians! Just some help when all else seems lost. Adds some really helpful characters to the mix. Worth the money, trust me.


5774	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Dont buy if you don't know spanish! These cards have No English on them. Thought they were spanish translated.  They are only spanish, have pictures on them but you have to hope that its what you think. I should have listened to the other hints when they said not for beginners! Wish I could send back!
6185	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	exclente
The content is a mixture of stuff.
3521	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I guess I was hoping this was a game, but it will be helpful either way for my preschool/Kindergarten kids to understand how to build words.
1448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This a fun, quick paced game that my nieces and nephews all the way up to my parents enjoy playing.  I probably play this more often with an all adult group and everyone that has played has enjoyed the game.  It gives a good sense of American geography and more importantly offers our family the chance to play a fun game, that no one tires of playing.  Very well done.
1248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift to family members at Christmas. They thoroughly enjoy the game.

5388	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I saw this game on the cover of a magazine, and in several stores, and it was all the awards it received that got my attention. I needed a game that me and my husband could play with our kids. (ages 6 and 14). That is not an easy task to find a game for such a broad spectrum of ages. We usually stick with Uno. But this looked promising, so we picked it up. We played it wrong the first couple of times, but with each play we figured out the rules better. (it is not one that you can just skim over the rules and "get it" right away. But once you do "get it" it is super simple.) It kind of works like Uno crossed with the strategy of Scrabble. We love it.
- You gain heat when you use you gun or when you sell drugs during the black market phase.
8572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Slightly limited, but a favorite with 6 and 9 year old boys. We started with all cards face up and playing for the same goal as in the directions. Eventually, have made the game more and more difficult as we continue to play...the game directions way to play are pretty simplistic. There are ways to adapt this to make it even more challenging so I look forward to the family growing into this and using with math for high numeric values (which is not in the directions, but possible). Funny cards...good stuff here.
Personally, I like Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem a lot. It captures the general theme of the TV show but doesnt require that you know anything about the show to enjoy the game.  There is a sense of consequences in the game.  More than that, it gets players at the table involved, making alliances and breaking those alliances at times, and that is what I enjoy so much about board games  the negotiations, game-talk and the occasional back-stabbing move that just might win the game.
2015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It came in such a cute little set with the book and elf. My kids were excited that he came from the North Pole and it just added so much adventure to the Christmas season. They are looking forward to him "coming back again" next year!

2428	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very good product for the price. Was just as described but after I bought this one I realized the tile wasn't big enough
1027	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE this game! We play this at our usual game nights every week, and particularly love this game because it is fairly easy to pick up and understand. Like most games, this does take a long time to play- about 1.5 to 2 hours. But it is worth the action! We have some older friends in their 60's that have even enjoyed playing this game- and they are gamers AT ALL. Its a good one to introduce people to.

1250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A very simple game with very simple mechanics.  Like most simple games there are only a small set of winning strategies/gambits.  But once you get 3 or 4 people around the board who know those strategies the game comes to life.  You have to act and react to each player as they play or else your strategy may become obsolete.
It's mostly based on "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" but there are a few more references to MP's other sketches and movies. Unlike other Fluxx games, I can't say I would recommend just anyone to play the game. You have to be fairly versed in Monty Python to get any of the cards, at least enough to have seen Holy Grail...probably multiple times. My husband doesn't get as many of the jokes as I do and he certainly can't compete in the challenges that have you quoting from the movies or breaking out in your favorite Monty Python song.

8331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We all love this game!  My granddaughters, ages 8 and 4, are crazy about it.  When I first looked at all the "moving pieces", I had my doubts as to whether or not they would hold up, and more importantly work properly.  Well, I was very pleasantly surprised.  Works as advertised, and keeps the kids occupied.  Lots of fun!
8904	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. The cards are vibrant and durable.
1199	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game, it is so much fun!!!
9023	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great sound!

3489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great artwork, and offers perfect concealment for the screwing I plan to visit upon my players.  This screen's opaqueness ensures they are unable to see the host of monsters, traps, and railroading plot twists I am holding in store for them.  The only complaint I have is that if it were soundproof, it would also hide my girlish giggles at the thought of imminent TPKs I'm about to unleash.
At first the game was so boring, my eyes were glazing over while I listened to the rules being read aloud as we tried to play.  However after a few rounds the rules just clicked.
9716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly with our Pacific Play Tents Sante Fe Giant Tee Pee. My 3 year old son has so much fun crawling through this (and throwing things through it).
7222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game. Reminds me of the game spoons a little. We have laughed and laughed. Great family game.


Also I have a suggestion for small improvement. They include small  red, green and blue transparent sheets that are supposed to be cut up for the Kaleidoscope. Instead I found these to be valuable to show how white light (say sunlight) passing through these sheets will become colored. These are also useful to show how different colors can be overlapped to create new colors. Seems a much neater way to explain the concept rather than mixing messy colored liquids (not inlcuded in the kit, anyway).
1106	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game. Our family really enjoys playing this and it has become a go- to game in our house.
Pathfinder: Four downloadable expansions: (1) A "Beginner Box Player Kit", which gives the setup to a fifth class (the Barbarian, in addition to the Cleric, Fighter, Rogue, and Wizard already included), plus other tips and other rules left out of the basics in the main manual; (2) "Beginner Box GM Kit", which contains a second adventure that, while not as good as the included one, is nice to have on hand for free, as well as some other general useful information; (3) "Beginner Box Bash Demos", which is a series of mini-adventures that are usable in extending a campaign with those that want more value out of their basic kit; (4) "Pathfinder Society Character Creation Guide", which includes basic rules to create a Pathfinder character usable at an official Pathfinder event.
This is one of the most interesting games that I've ever played. What makes it especially fun is that it can be played by fairly young children, right through older adults. While the game is pretty simple to play; the strategies involved can become quite interesting. The game offers thrills and excitement and one becomes more adept as time goes by. Another great aspect is the fact that it's very difficult to become bored; you can play for hours on end and never lose interest. The game is very educational, as it requires a player to visualize how to route your trains and it teaches a great deal about US and Canadian geography. I can't think of a game in recent memory that offers so much for both children and adults alike. This one's a winner.
7144	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was happy to give this to my daughter because I remember it so well my childhood. It came in great condition, great quality. She loves it and it's a great way for her learn direction and to be a humble winner and to gracefully take a loss! :-)
3. Limited players. You are only playing with 2 people on this one. I know this is something that will be addressed in an expansion, but it would have been better addressed sooner, in my opinion.
5095	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A Favorite Family Game!  We have had this game for a few years now and we still love it!  It is very portable so it goes on many vacations with us.  The pieces are nicely made.  I would highly recommend this game if your family likes to play board games!
We took it to a few places after that and in small groups we followed the rules pretty well, but in larger groups, we just used the cards and the beads and let the game run its course. The largest group we played with was about 25 people at a Christmas party - we didn't even explain the rules, just handed people beads and a card and in minutes people had figured things out and were running around trying to collect more beads and get more cards.  It was a ton of fun.

6837	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game! I highly recommend this game, it is great for kids (and adults) ages 5 and up.
What we really like about this game:
I presumed the matter was sorted until two days after when I received the exact same game from Amazon. I again could not return the game without talking to customer service but was unable to explain anything more than I wanted to return the game. The fact I still wanted to order the original game did not sink in with the cs agent. The agent merely commiserated with me when I said I still wanted the game and could I get it through Amazon or not as so far it didn't seem likely. The "I understand how you feel" comment I got made me decide to give up, particularly when, as I was chatting with the cs agent I noted that in the last two days the price again had risen by another $ 10.
6038	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to the game. The new jobs and equipment and more depth to the game. Looking forward to future expansions.
3764	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Explore, expand, control, and annihilate, all in under two hours. The minis are great, I enjoy the box and card art, the player aids are really nice and the rules are well-written. You get a lot of game and plastic for a low price.
9010	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This toy is supposed to be for babies and toddlers and yet it doesn't have any of the features one would expect in a young child's toy.
2167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bigger than you would expect. Room to expand beyond what is available today. The only problem with it was there was not quite enough overall height to store all the booklets and health tracking cards on the top, but I have a lot of extra of those.
3767	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I really like the theme and abilities in this card game. Both sides play in a completely different way and each comes with its own strategy, which is very fun. This game is already popular so there isn't much else I can say except that if you like 2 player card games where you can customize a deck to your choosing, you will like this game. Great artwork and quality components too.
9693	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect addition to my boys wooden track set
780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game!!!
Overall, I can not recommend this game at all.  This is one of those games that has potential, but definitely needs to head back to the game testing labs.  Two sided cards could be an interesting concept, but trying to shuffle cards while not looking at them and not dropping any of them is just not going to work.  Simple artwork and generic theme are very much appreciated, but trying a card's image to it's function needs to have some mental connection.  Otherwise the theme is nothing but distraction.  A proper theme helps the player remember what each card does.
5878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The best way to describe this game is Othello with drafting and special powers.  This is a two-player game played in two rounds.  Each round starts with several tiles laid out for players to draft.  Each one is the same on either side but in a different player color.  Players take turns drafting these characters and then alternate playing them to the field.
8429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this game so much that she played with it all the time in lots of different places. We ended up losing several pieces and we needed a new one to keep the fun going!
2417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old loves hunting for our Elf on the Shelf everyday during the holiday season and when I saw this elf pet I surprised her with it the next day. I had the "elf" write a note to her telling her that this was his new puppy and that she needed to help pick a name for it. The Saint Bernard is so soft and cuddly and it's so cute how his tongue sticks out. The puppy has a barrel around its neck with a gold glittery heart on it. The puppy is extremely well made and comes with a beautiful hardcover book telling the origin of the puppy. Wish the pages were thicker in the book though - the paper is really thin.
5374	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Game is great for adults as well as children. A mothers group that I meet with love to play this game!  It teaches strategy and categorization to kids too!
7985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Little ones, 3 and up love to play board games.  This one is very easy to play and still gives them the interaction with other players as they learn to get alone and play together.



4158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love games, love the show A Game of Thrones, so this was a must have.  I never played the first edition so I can not compare it to that.  Thankfully the Fantasy Flight website has a tutorial for the game which is quite helpful https://www.fantasyflightgames.com/en/products/a-game-of-thrones-the-card-game-second-edition/  It consists of a 17 minute youtube video, but it can make understanding the  learn to play guidebook much easier.
2395	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	love this series

 - Your character can become wounded by a security guard or a room and this can knock you out of the game. Keep in mind there is only 2 rare ways to become healthy. Extremely frustrating for the player just sitting there doing nothing.
881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple to learn/teach, takes about 5-10 minutes to read through the directions the first time. I love that this game moves quickly, is very dynamic, and doesn't take too long. There are many strategies that can be employed throughout the game but it isn't a real mind-bender. Very competitive but my friend (who is notorious for being a sore loser at games) was able to enjoy this both when she won and lost because it's really a mix of luck/ strategy/ just how things land. You most likely don't know who will win until the very end so every moment is fun.



4719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year old loves this. Easy for him to learn body part. It may not be put together every much but he picks the parts and studies them. It's says from age 6 or was it 8. But for sure it a great tool
-The two above lead to the last problem. Hard to find someone to play with
I haven't played enough to notice balance issues at this time.
4181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Massive Tie Bomber on steroids! Model itself is one of the biggest seen so far. Pilots are Redline(allows you to maintain 2 target locks at once), Deathrain(allows you to deploy bombs in front of you rather than behind) and two generic pilots. Upgrades are cluster mines, ion bombs, Advanced homing missiles, and Plasma torpedoes, extra munitions, and Advanced sensors ad well ad Tie engine Mk2 that treats all banks as green manoeuvres. This is a great expansion for all lovers of ordnance.
9002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	*** First a note on some of the sub-standard Rook Cards out there - It is critical that you play on a clean table and that never get wet. This will help you maximize the life of your cards****
3485	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just started playing Pathfinders and I was looking for something like this. I thought of this when still reading through the Beginner's Box and was watching an episode of the Big Bang Theory and saw the guys playing D&D. I saw them using a GM Screen for their game and so I started to look for something for Pathfinder. I found this and was BLOWN away to see that it's so much more than a screen to do my dice rolls behind. It also had stat listings on it and refers back to the Core Rulebook.
8513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun
1851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute for kids at Christmas time.
* The inputs are assignable and, accordingly, should be versitile enoough for any combination of equipmemt.

7753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old grandchild loves this.  The currency looks, feels real and coins sound real. A hundred times better than Momopoly money and cheap plastic weightless coins.  The calculator will keep this toy relevant and will keep children's interest as they learn math skills for years to come.  This is a good choice for multiple ability levels and ages.
8658	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was one of the first Gamewright games we purchased and it is a winner. Kids, parents, grandparents, even great, great grandma wanted to join in (we caught her "peeking" a couple of times when she shouldn't have, but hey ...).  I remember playing a similar game with just your basic deck of face cards (we called it "No Peeking") but Gamewright's "peek" and "swipe" (the "draw2 is ok) are a great addition. My kids complain there are too many NINES in the deck. Lots of luck, but it does require memory and logic.
918	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. Played this with friends over spring break and really enjoyed it. Definitely some strategy involved, but easy to explain and different every time.
The materials that you do get in the Beginner Box are of excellent quality as you'd expect (although the eponymous box itself is disappointingly flimsy). The problem is there's just not quite enough to make you feel good about spending more than $20 on this (even though the dice themselves will retail for $15 when they're sold separately in a month or two). And of course as others have noted, the Beginner Box lacks character creation and real advancement rules, and only gives you four pregenerated characters to use (although you can download two more for free from the FFG website, it's disappointing they didn't include the nice high quality character folios for these two characters in the actual box). The tutorial adventure that comes with the box set is indeed a total lead-you-by-the-nose experience, but it's actually excellent in that it's designed for the GM and the players to play through the scenario together without knowing any of the rules first. I mean that even the GM doesn't really need to know anything before you get started, because it's written so that each encounter along the way introduces you to a new rule concept and shows you how to use it, for the players and the GM. So you could open this box, read a couple sheets of introductory info in about 20 minutes, and then immediately start playing the game with your players (although you're not really *playing* the game so much as learning the rules in a fun way that kind of simulates actual gameplay). If you and your players are veteran roleplayers and that's too boring or constrictive for you, an experienced GM can easily read the whole tutorial and then just run it off the cuff as a normal adventure.
7905	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	the first day out of the box, it had a very powerful paint odor. it no longer gives me a head ache, but i do recommend anyone buying this to air it out outside for a bit.
6070	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So far I've played the "basic" version several times and we had six people playing. Ages were 7, 30s, 60s, and 90s (huge age gap!). Everyone had fun! Took the 7 year old a whole game to really understand the how to use the different gears, but had more fun on the second round. All the adults enjoyed it too. Can see this game being less fun with less people, but I haven't tried it yet. Key point is to stress thinking about what you're going to do on your turn between turns to ensure the game doesn't bog down.
3396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, easy ideas for face painting at a party.  The book includes great tips and step by step instructions.  It even includes 12 punch out cards, each with its own instruction, that you can allow kids to choose a design from - and the book has an envelope to store the cards!  The paint is by Wolfe Brothers - a professional quality face paint manufacturer.  Probably not the right book for a professional face painter, but it is full of kid pleasing manageable designs for us non-artist parents or even school aged kids!  As usual with Klutz books, I couldn't be happier!!  (This review is for the 2007 edition)

Very addicting.
6353	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game as a kid and recently got back into it when I started playing online.  So for Christmas last year it was one thing I asked for.  I love it!  Although it can be a quick game sometimes it can take forever!  J but once you get going you can usually figure out which direction to go.  I like to play this game with the family-even though it is for only two people we usually can find ways for everyone to play or my mom and I or sister and I will play.  But, we all thoroughly enjoy it!  I would recommend this for anyone who likes board games young or old.  As this is one you will have a blast with.
3771	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After hearing a few recommendations from friends, and doing a bit of research I purchased this game and the first small expansion ("What Lies Ahead" Data Pack). After watching for its arrival like a hawk, my wife and I were very excited to sit down and play with what promised to be a complex and fun challenge. We are both big fans of Richard Garfield's Magic the Gathering, and we really enjoyed that you can dive into Android: Netrunner without making large investment (those dolla dolla bills) as you might with MTG.
6800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids really enjoy this game:)
1596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grands love this!
Thank God... and MAXCRAFT!

Set up and tear down do to the many pieces can take a while. It is recommended to buy cases for the tokens and miniatures such as a plano mini tackle box. It will save a ton of time having to bag all of the tokens after every game.
6662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a challenging game, but we all loved it.
342	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm usually quite skeptical of expansions. But, being a fanboy of the Lords of Waterdeep core game (it's one of the best games out there to be honest - if you like worker placement/euro style games) I kind of felt I "had" to buy the expansion.
8465	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a favorite of the grandkids.  It requires a good memory or sometimes just the luck of the draw, but it is really fun.



OK, so I mentioned the really cool treasure chest packaging.  The box actually opens like a treasure chest too.  I was a bit worried that it would just rip right off the box after a few uses, but I have to give it to them - it seems to be doing very well.  It may not last forever, but even if the "hinge" functionality of the box is lost, it is still awesome.
It's a complex card game and offers a lot of versatility and replay value - especially if you add 1 or 2 of the data packs in ((for around $10 each here on Amazon)). Fantasy Flight has put a VERY HELPFUL tutorial on YouTube and with the detailed rulebook the rules become very clear after an initial play-test. We both had a lot of fun and are excited about having another dystopian romp ASAP!

In addition to the two Z-95 Headhunters and one Y-Wing, the box houses some really useful cards.
3401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family fun and easy on the wallet. comes with instructions for basic designs but most kids have their own imagination of what they want. worked well. we used q-tips for multiple face painting at once plus with neighborhood kids it seemed more clean than rinsing in dirty water and applying to next kids face. family reunion we just used brushes and work great
4262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.
I suppose it's great if you want to teach a child to count to 100 and keep playing at reaching a goal no matter how much bad luck befalls him or her, but Candyland can do that (well, not the 100 part but the goal part, and the kids don't need to know how to count to 100) and it's a lot more fun.
The Chief Scientist has an odd role. His position is the least stressful - when rolling the dice during the non-timed "resolution" phase, exhausting his scientists doesn't feel as disastrous as losing a Soldier would to the Squad Leader, or an Interceptor to the Commander. They're essentially playing a card game by themselves (with technologies they can research to enhance other players along the way). They fill their hand up to six cards at the beginning of the timed phase, and from there they start assigning research when told to. The nuanced part of this job is watching the board to see who might really need the most help. Everybody needs more, but the Chief Scientist is really the only one with the ability to influence the dice. Many of his technologies offer rerolls, automatic successes, money, and more to the other players. Towards the end of the game, the importance of this role starts to diminish as players have what they (hopefully) need to beat the game, and he'll find his research becoming a low priority as focus is shifted elsewhere. It feels right given the theme, but the scientist becomes a more passive role late in the game with less to offer.
If you're an old hand at RPGs, this is the place to jump back in.
It's a good memory building game too, as you have to remember what cards you have an in what positions. You also benefit by remembering your opponents' cards as well. So this game is good for adults like me whose memory could be better.
3295	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought and played this bad boy with several members of the esteemed East Coast Bias podcast while consuming adult beverages and waxing philosophical about the corruption of America's youth via Snapchat and Nicholas Sparks novels.  None of us were very familiar with the advanced board game scene, so it was a pretty eye-opening experience.  I don't think we're ready for a Settlers tournament yet, but onward...
When you're through with this one, there are four additional game sets at ridiculously affordable prices.  Each one gives you one more vehicle and another set of game cards.
8626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this as a birthday gift to an 11 year old. He loves it. Within the first few minutes he was catching everyone around him in it. He wants more that glow in the dark so he can make his own moving solar system. I thought it was a good idea so we will see
There's also the issue of a maximum length for a functional parallel cable before things start malfunctioning.
new spaces leading to new strategies
8760	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter was thrilled when she got this to use.  She is always trying to learn math above her 7-year-old level and this is great for that because it allows you to adjust the difficulty.  Love how it has sets for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division and even tougher problems like fractions.  She was able to quickly figure out how to use it herself.  My one complaint is the screen is a bit difficult to read if you aren't in the right lighting.  But otherwise, I'm excited to have her use this as she goes further in school to practice tougher problems.  It's also a great size for the car or waiting for an appointment.  I received this product free from Educational Insights in exchange for an honest review.
7872	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The children loved this game. We will see how long it keeps their attention.
Shelf" collectors. Would recommend for purchase.
Rube Goldberg would be proud to own one.

6506	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent cash register!! It isn't a small piece of junk like most. The money that comes with it is life sized and very realistic also. My daughter loves it! We wanted a larger cash register for her and we couldn't find any until this one. It is a lot bigger so older kids can play with it also!
4888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another purchase for my 9 year old daughter.  She likes it, I love it.  I could finish the whole book for her.  Warning, though, the numbers are extremely small!  I find myself bending over to bring the page closer just so I can read them.
2717	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We love Bad Kitty at our house and this little plush is adorable!
2557	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was so thrilled to get this cute and creative set. She gets to do crafts and write down her thoughts all in one place.
6422	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as advertised.

We bought two of these as gifts after seeing what a big hit it is w/our kiddos!
8302	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it
9037	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son got this for his 5th birthday and we all like to play.  We take turns setting it up and figuring it out.  I thought it might be too hard for him at first, but if you start at the very easiest level, even the young kids can figure them out.  The 5 year old hasn't gotten too far into the various puzzles, so he is still working on the easy ones, but he just glows each time he solves one!  Such a good feeling!  I sat alone with the game after the kids went to bed and worked my way halfway through the deck--kinda addictive, but lots of fun if you like challenging the way your mind works.
The Loot Phase: The player can choose to do these in any order.
879	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fairly simple game.  Lots of fun!  My wife and I play this with our parents and siblings and it's a blast!
9239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, really a work of art, and the sound is wonderful as well. It rivals a true professional instrument.
8734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun little toy that has no use what so ever. I have people come by my cube and just play with the thing while talking. Funny to watch.

9054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent buy for my LO. It is very high quality and she loves singing along with it, generally having fun and raising a ruckus
2401	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it. Grandson will be so surprised when he sees it. Thank you
1546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every child needs this extra cutie watching them and reporting their behavior. Great purchase and idea!
Probably not really recommended for 2 year olds, but I think as long as it's supervised play, she'll be fine with it.
7780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love the game. I remember playing this when I was a kid and playing it with my oldest. I'm so glad to play again now that I have little ones again.
Children love to connect the pieces and watch each one do their unique thing, flip flop, ding a bell, clickety sounds, spin around, move side to side etc. The best thing... it takes up little space and there are no small parts to worry about. I love playing with it and I'm in my 30's.
What a value.

part we have broken ($2.50 a pair!) or get a couple of pairs of aluminum ones (not cheap). AX10 aluminum knuckles for the Axial AX10 will work. Watch for some on sale, a lot of companies make them. Get a Tenergy Universal Smart Charger ($15.) and another battery/5000 mAh

8700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my 23 month old amused.


Color issues aside, this game is fantastic. The pieces are fairly hefty and the bag is most certainly large enough to handle all the tiles. I did remove the box inserts to make the game easier to put away. The gameplay is simplistic but encourages strategic play and critical thinking. Players might earn a lot of points laying down two or three tiles on their current turn, but sometimes that opens the door for someone else to finish of the line and make a Qwirkle.  This makes the idea of playing one low-scoring tile to screw up a potential Qwirkle for someone else a valid one.  All in all, this game is family-friendly and an easy recommend, though the colorblind should beware. So as long as others in the group are willing to help their colorblind friends out as needed, it shouldnt be too much of an issue.

8967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My students had a lot of fun playing with this gear set. The gears are made very well.



7690	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I don't remember buying this product so it's very hard to rate something you don't remember.  I don't know what else to say.

2836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter received this as a gift along with the Llama Llama Red Pajama book at her 3rd birthday party. It is adorable stuffed animal that is well made and is perfect size for a small child to hold while you read the book.
8721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Stocking stuffer

Very simply put, you cant go wrong with Creation and Control if you ever play Haas- Bioroid or Shaper. This is a great set of cards that filled the gap between the Genesis Cycle and the Spin Cycle. Enjoy adding this expansion to your collection!

 If it looks like a route you need is one that your opponent might need, you have a vested interest in getting there first, even if its an easy one.
It is also very, very sturdy.  My 42 lb toddler sits on it and has even stood on it several times and this drum seems no worse for the wear.  This drum does seem to be able to put up with a lot of abuse and still works great.
9201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality, like all Brio products. These long tracks are essential to create a nice long stretch of track to help build up optimum train speed! The speed we manage to reach with these nice long tracks makes the investment well worth it. I purchased a couple of extra track sets (straight and curved) in order to jazz up the complexity of my sons train track. Brio is an investment, no doubt about it.
 3. The boards are quite detailed- with color coding and symbols for different things. The detail is great, but my wife thought it was too busy, and added to the confusion when trying to learn the game.
9927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 5y/o grand daughter. We are near the time for release of the butterflies & I know that will be bittersweet for her.

One must be warned that due to the setup of the game, it is complex to learn its rules. The rulebook does do its best to make things straight forward and clear, but a mild to moderate curve is present depending on experience. Videos are available online to aide in its understanding.
This is a deck-builder with evil corporations and hackers set in a world like Blade Runner or any awesome CyberPunk world you can imagine. Every card is dripping with flavor. Every card has awesome artwork. Every card adds more options. You can play plenty of games with the basic card sets, but you're going to want to buy expansions to give you more options for how to play. Every Corp and Runner faction plays differently, and works with different strategies. There's Corps that just endlessly try to flat-line the Runner. There are Corps that just print money and try to buy their way to victory. There are Runner factions that similarly work very different strategies.

2438	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	small compact good price!
520	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I LOVE this game.  It's easier and less intense than Scrabble.  We wore out the first deck of cards and we're busy using a second deck.  We actually play 20 rounds - the first 10 have no bonuses and then the 11-20 rounds have bonuses.  By the end of the game, with 20 cards in our hands, we often use the chair next to us to keep track of everything!


7858	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. I remember playing it as a kid and bought it on Amazon to give my niece as a present. She is 3 and LOVES it. Rules are simple so even a toddler can play.

1570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my son absolutely loves his elf. What a great book and doll.

7801	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a newer register than the 10+ year old one I had I was allowing my granddaughters to use and she will be so very happy when I allow her to open this new one.  She loves the sound of the card scanning and the opening of the register and the handling of the money and it is going to be a tremendous resource in teaching her about money and counting!

All in all, I love this to pieces and *highly* recommend adding this Christmas tradition to your holiday season!


It is easy to look at this game's rating and assume it has to be a great game.  I promise that the game does not disappoint.  It has not gotten old after 2 months of gameplay with my children and wife playing at least 3 times a week since we purchased it...
9382	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's loud!  Know that going in...quality drum and will sound throughout the house.  But it is nice sounding and for the money this seems to be a quality drum.  My son loves it and plays it more than I would like :)
Cons -  Bin does not keep the markers separated well.
3629	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's certainly a bag, for holding dice. It does in face do what it says. My only issue is that it didn't come in different colors: the person I purchased it for is colorblind, so he sees the blue as more of a gray. Other than that it's fine.
-As with other expansions, and with other Fantasy Flight games, there is a major case of "Feature Creep". More unique decks are thrown in, with more unique tokens, featuring more unique mechanics. I'd rather the game flush out and fine tune the existing decks and mechanics, instead of increasing the amount of new content. More is not always better, and longer playtime with more components does not always make a game more enjoyable.
Basic Idea: Each person is randomly assigned a role of a werewolf (there are always 2) , a villager, or the seer (a villager with a special ability), and the moderator. The moderator controls the game and tells folks whose turn it is to act.  The basic idea is that the werewolves are trying to kill off the villagers before the villagers discover who both the werewolves are and lynch the werewolves. It's a game where folks need to learn to be good at "reading" the other players. If you're a werewolf you need to work with your partner to try to trick the villagers into believing someone else is really a werewolf to give you time to kill off the villagers before they discover the werewolves. Sounds simple, but is really a lot of fun and leads to some pretty funny discussions.  The Moderator knows who is who early on and it's quite entertaining to watch the two groups try to figure each other out. It's a game that needs no table space and can be played in any location...would be a great one to take on the road or camping.
5874	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Everything you need to get into the game. The minis are suprisingly good quality if a slight bit under-scale to the IWM minis. Start here and then get some of the other books to add the special rules. See you on the battlefield.
1) Chinese Checkers: The board size -- at 11-1/2 inches diameter -- is ridiculously small, which renders it frustrating to all parties of all ages who attempt to play. It is next-to-impossible for even the most adroit and nimble-fingered adult to play. And even our children at ages 6 and 7, with their teeny tiny fingers, cannot move one ball one space anywhere on the board without disrupting at least a dozen other balls and sending them scattering to the four corners of the Earth. And believe me, this has nothing to do with motor skills or eye-hand coordination!

8483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids love this game and it is great fun for everyone at the table.
[...]

7416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Who doesn't love a good game of Candy Land, this board is an updated version maybe even 3rd or 4th generation.  Still fun, but seems to be missing some of the old school flare. I still have bought 2 of these in quick succession for gifts.
5371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our friends taught us how to play this game and we had to have it. Gave several as gifts last Christmas.
9085	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love the beat and quality/ colors

9160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great toy.  sturdy.
7041	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This Learning Resources play cash register is such a great way to teach my kids about money! Once the novelty of opening and closing the drawer wore off, we were able to begin discussing how to count money and which denominations were worth more. My 6 year old has known how to identify certain coins for a while, but she is now understanding how many pennies it takes to make a dollar, etc. Not only can she count the money, she can also count back change! My 3 year old loves playing with his sister, and she loves being his teacher. I could have never predicted how many hours they would each spend playing with this toy.

Stick with me, and I'll explain why.
5223	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids love this game.
4105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with purchase, would buy again
6288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	^_^ Adorable

-To add to the "too much content" there are also expansions
1730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a big hit this year with our daughter. She is 8 and we were not sure she would enjoy it. We were very wrong. We brought this out after Thanksgiving, read the book and have been enjoying the "crazy and weird" things this elf does every night. On a few occasions, our daughter swore he moved when we were not home and even left it a picture and notes. It is nice to see her wake up happy and ready to find the little rascal.
It is played using two sets of dice and some nice counters.  There is the adventurer set that can come up as any one of the classic player character troupes, e.g., wizard, warrior, cleric, etc., and a monster set of dice that come up with a series of potential monsters.
9325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful, high quality drum for kids.  They make professional drums and these are the same quality.  My daughter has loved it since she was 9 months old.  It is worth the extra cost, she will be using it for a long time.
7746	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	That half-gallon of orange juice has been shaved down to 59 ounces.  Your 8-oz. container of yogurt is now 6 oz.  What used to be a half-gallon of ice cream is now 1.5 quarts.  It used to be that T-shirts you purchased held up for at least a year.  These days, they're paper-thin and fall apart after a single washing.  And now...
1917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought our elf last year and let me tell you...we had so much fun! My 7 year old son was excited to see what our elf (Nippy Peppercorn) was up to the night before. Nippy made snow angels in sugar, helped himself to a bag of m&ms and even decorated the Christmas tree...with my son's underwear-haha! On Christmas Eve, Nippy left a note (and some sprinkles of magical green glitter) for my son in the fireplace saying he would be back next year. Can't wait to see Nippy again this year!
Both are high quality.
6663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For Christmas my daughter's 5th grade teacher requested in-classroom games that can be used when they have indoor recess. So we got this game for the classroom set. My daughter reports that the class members like it a lot! And that they are always arguing over who gets to play with it!  It makes them think, and problem solve in a fun way.
1. Very portable.

I just hope they do more Trek just for each of the five series seperately and then all the movies by themselves!


I really wanted to enjoy this game, so I played 5 whole games and an uncounted number of aborted attempts, before accepting the fact that it simply doesn't work. Extremely disappointing.
8688	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My one-year-old grandson loves it!  So do the slightly older kids he plays with.



1318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves this game.  We have 3 kids ages 5,9,13 and we can all play together.  We just don't make the littlest take any destination cards.
2090	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased our "Elf" after everyone was talking about it at preschool. Within hours we saw a huge improvement in the kids' behavior (We have a 4,3 and 1 year old) It wasn't long after having our little guy that the kids will look up anytime they think they are in trouble. My 4 year old goes out of her way to make the elf happy. When the kids are fighting they tell the elf what is going on. It really works!! The best part is how excited they are to find him in a new spot every morning. We read the book at least once every other day and have recently started watching the movie on the days we don't read the book. My daughter is already worried about him leaving on Christmas Eve.
UPDATED 4-11-2015: Our toy was replaced by the manufacturer when we called and reported our problems.
There is a set of tokens that keep track of experience, magic items, and bonus points.
6308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kinda cheaply made, but it was cheap.  Its super cute though, and my son was head over heels in love with it.
5441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game so much in the movies I have never noticed
5409	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter began playing this game at age 6.  She will now play it with anyone who offers!  It is challenging and fun for adults as well.  The only downsides are that you need a fairly large, flat surface to create the tile patterns, and you need to be prepared to play for 30 minutes or more in order to finish a full game.  If you bump the table and jar the tiles, it can really lead to chaos if the game is fairly far-along.  Overall, however, I highly recommend it, even for adults.
I wasn't 100% he would be able to understand or follow along but they were great at explaining and the Gentleman did just fine. The Beginner Box is the BEST way to introduce ANYONE of any age to the wonderful world of Role Playing Games (RPG). I am sure you have heard of Dungeons and Dragons or D&D by now. If you ever played it then you will LOVE Pathfinder for sure as it uses the base rules from D&D 3.5. Those not familiar with any RPG will be able to dive right in and fall in love just from this box!

882	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for a Christmas gift for my boyfriend.  He is big into Asian stuff and last year I ordered him the Ticket to Ride Asia edition, however it was an expansion.  This Christmas, I decided to get him this set so he can actually use the set I got him last year.  Can't wait to see his face Christmas morning.


All in all, this is a fast-playing, accessible game without a lot of intimidating rules.  It even has a basic rules version (which we skipped) that make it simpler, still.
1347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We enjoy playing this game as a family. It is quite fun and can be a learning experience as well. I highly recommend this. It is also a plus when you can use it as family time around the table. You will be surprised what you can learn about your own children just by playing a game with them.
5511	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I go for almost anything with Harper art work. These are sturdy, colorful cards and my 93 year old mother enjoys playing the game. She is having memory issues...maybe these will help somewhat, but mainly it is something she enjoys because it is not too difficult. We have not played it enough yet to see if her ability to remember where the matching card is improves. Just having the images to look at improves my mood
Great for all ages. My 6 year old loves to play.
4455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a really fun game to pay with kids, and helps them expand their word inventory.
Gear 1 (yellow): 1-2
249	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	gave it four stars because of the total increase in difficulty, if you are just starting out with these boxes...get legend of DRIZZT, its easier to grasp.
4247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game if you love monty python and strategy.
9961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great for beach or playing in the yard all day.  Nice coverage, pretty easy to get up, not really a "pop-up" though.  Will not keep all bugs out but will keep most of them away.  Great for if you are working outside in the yard and the infant is playing or the baby wants a nap.  Then they can get fresh air and you can get some work done.  Also good for beach, travels small, but there will be sand inside and again, not a "pop-up" so if you are on a beach in the sun, get ready to sweat.
8406	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Bought his for my son for xmas.  We were disappointed that the game has changed since I was little.  Now you build the board as you play the game.  As a result we don't actually play the game.  We set the board up and make up our own game.
4489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game so much we bought two sets so we could have a longer game. Kids love this game too.
5629	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game, constantly changing, never the same boring thing. For sci fi geeks there are a lot of great references. I've played the regular flux as well and like this ones card options a bit better.
3190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Although intrigued by HDTV for some time I delayed purchase knowing that price per inch would decline and size and overall quality would increase as the technology matured.  We are now well into the HDTV revolution. Competition has produced a fine array of high definition televisions.
9056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful basic drum that reverberates beautifully. Love the colorful illustration and the mallets are just the right density for a nice sound. This is a daily-use instrument in our house and I anticipate it being around for years. Highly recommend!
9573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I learned my math facts on t  his toy 30 years ago!  It's still a great toy today.  This is a great quality and more fun than flash cards.  Kids can practice on their own.  It's funny though because the first thing my kids did was push the buttons and say, "It needs batteries!"  They live in such a technological age that they think everything is going to blink and buzz at them!  Great price.  Great quality.
4308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Probably one of the best family games I know. Try out the Double version if you have large groups (over 4).
9250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is probably my baby boy's favorite toy from Christmas. The only thing is that he likes to leave it on. He is extremely smart and as soon as he sees us turn something on he knows how. It is cool to watch all the gears turn and he loves magnets, plays with the ones on the refrigerator all the time, so this was a perfect choice for him!

Admittedly, the market took some getting used to.  You see, part of me couldn't wrap my head around the fact that you HAD to have a minimum number of a good in order to sell it at all and that each good (no matter what it is) is worth 1 cash.  Its simply the demand for the good that changes, which in turn affects how much you HAVE to sell. For example, if the fish market token is on the 5, then Id need five fish before I could sell it.  I expected an economy to where the prices fluctuated based on demand and a system that would allow a person be able to sell only one or two fish for the price listed, but it doesnt work that way.
2408	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute but a bit expensive
3328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	"Winter is Coming" - House Stark
This is the same model as the one that comes in the starter set, but for larger battles, this is needed for the Rebels.
9844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son just loves these! He started playing with as soon as he got it!
I've not bought any of the expansions, and to be honest I'm not convinced any are needed.  Seems more could have been done with the concept of expansions.  Instead of charging a premium for a few more hereos, it would have been nice if they provided additional variation.  For example, they could have included dragon cards with each expansion for when you face the Dragon's Lair.  Instead of the base rule of using three unique fighters to defeat the dragon, have it such that you draw a dragon card and you must defeat that particular dragon using the combination required for that specific dragon.  They could have introduced a variety of more loot.  Better yet, they could have introduced custom loot dice to replace the loot tokens.  Even a single loot die or a boss monster die would have been fun.  Just a variety of things that could have been done with expansions.
6769	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Product


It may be my DVD player, but there was a bit of inconsistency in the time allowed to answer the challenges. Also, it's not clear where to keep the Misfit Toys -- on the image in the game board or off the board -- because the narration contradicts it. When you are standing on a space that the DVD suddenly assigns a toy, do you get to rescue it on your next turn or do you have to leave the space and return later? We decided that since there is no minimum number of spaces to move regardless of the roll of the die, you could stay there and help the toy.

You all start with identical cards, 1 fox, 1 rat, 1 guard dog, and some chickens (a -1 point sickly, some 1 point healthy, a 2 point big chicken and a 4 point prize chicken).  The goal of the game is to either steal the chickens as the rat or fox, or to save the chickens from those predators as the guard dog.  Everyone chooses a card and reveals it at the same time.
It's hard to use very much strategy
The game progresses from 3 card hands to 10 card hands, and point increase accordingly. You have to constantly be thinking of words and new words as the play continues. Once you start playing you start thinking, a refreshing change in a game.

1108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We haven't opened ours yet but we bought it after playing the same game with our friends that already owned it. It was so much fun, we had to get it. The game is somewhere between Risk and Monopoly, except played out quicker(not too quick!) and had just enough strategies to keep everyone happy.
  "Obsessed by all the word games that could be found, we all hankered after something a bit more fluid than the classics we all love and wanted a game that the family could play together - ALL ages at the same time. We sought something portable, that we could take with us on our various travels and simple enough (with no superfluous pieces or packaging) that we could play in restaurants while waiting for our food. We love that one hand can be played in as little as five minutes, but as it's so addictive, it's often hard to put away!"
2272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids are going to love this
5919	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Dungeon Roll is barely a game. It ALMOST as boring as Candyland, and involves 1 or 2 more decisions.
4311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice and compact game . . .very portable for a picnic or a train ride or touring the country.
6451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grand kids love it
* While I am enthusiastic about this receiver and pleased with its performance, there are a couple of points that should be mentioned that might affect someone's decision to purchase.
My daughter loves counting the colors, and she loves narrating her path and telling stories about how she met Queen Frostine on her way to King Candy's castle.  My son loves drawing the cards and moving his piece along the path.
Durable as heck ... i've crashed this thing into everything and it still works; easy to fly with a little practice; crazy cheap
There's a game mode that lets you play with both expansions, but then you remove cards and buildings from the original expansion, which can give you a lot of different synergies/combos compared to just playing with one expansion.
9592	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This works perfectly with all the other tracks my son has.  It does require an elevation block that is not included

2778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pete the Cat is amazing. This is a fun addition to the books!!
627	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	WE NEED TO LAUGH MORE IN LIFE..DON'T TAKE LIFE SO SERIOUSLY...THERE'S A NERD IN ALL OF US....
7259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game!
854	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a fun game... but not a replacement for Catan. It's pretty easy to learn and fast moving.  Not too challenging - probably good for tweens and up.
8204	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Flimsy. Broke within a few days.
First, the furniure itself.  The two chairs are two-tone plastic, straw and tan, that is molded into a wicker look.  Each chair comes with a green fabric seat cushion that adds some color and pizazz.  The seat bottom also has the wicker molding, so even if you lost your cushions, the chairs look good.  The chairs are deep enough that even our critters with bushy tails can sit in them.  The coffee table matches the chairs - two-tone, wicker look, sturdy plastic.  Next is the bookcase.  It is plain brown plastic and has two shelves and a working tan wicker look drawer.  The folding screen is a different shade of tan, wicker look plastic, and has four panels that are hinged together.  The screen isn't really useful, but can add depth or interest to your room set-up.  I like the way these pieces can be arranged in many ways to fit even a small room.  If this was all that came in this set, I would have been happy - stylish, sturdy furniture that my daughters' Critters can use.
3432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on a whim thinking they might like this or get a few goes with it before they got bored. NOPE! All three of my girls went nuts over this and to my surprise my oldest one is really good at it! The directions are pretty straight forward, the paint goes on and off pretty easy, and the supplies are exactly what you need.
9405	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A drum was a last minute item that Santa decided to add to my 2.5 year old son's Christmas haul.  The toy store was sold out of one seen earlier in the season ... thank goodness, because this drum is GREAT!  It's only slightly more expensive than the one at the toy store, but the quality is fantastic!  It's very kid friendly and colorful, and the sound is so great that the adults can't help wanting a turn!  I highly recommend this product.  Like I said, this was a last minute Santa item ordered last week.  But, Santa is an Amazon Prime customer, and this favorite gift arrived in plenty of time for the big morning!
9891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Tunnel is great for multiple kids cuz nobody is fighting over different parts. Entertains for a good long while. Folds up easily & small & stores out of sight. Very durable - we drag kids around the house in it - no tears.
4972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Have been wanting this game. So glad I finally got it!
4623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I think there are enough reviews on this to describe the game's qualities. A great game solo or with multiple players, even teams. Highly recommend this!
9889	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got this for our grandson for shade at the beach/park.  Works well, but there could be a bit more shelter from sunlight on the sides.  Overall, a fine pick, though.

1894	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter wanted this last year and I waited to late to get it. I ordered it this year and her face when it came in the mail was priceless. Target even has outfits for them! So far he has been a big hit in our house.
4805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 8 year old grandson, who is learning disable, loves this Squishy Human Body.  He is learning the body parts. It is really durable.
Background / Introduction
3294	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My boys love this game.

With that said, if you're into card games like Magic or Netrunner, then this game will definitely be worth a try. Fantasy Flight Games, the creators of Netrunner and Stars Wars LCG/Miniatures game, rebooted their AGOT card game (hence "2nd edition) to take advantage of the huge popularity of the TV show. With that said, I stumbled upon this game and loved it.
7501	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great classic game!  Loads of fun to play with my three grandchildren aged three through seven.  This game involves a little skill and a lot of luck so it evens the playing field over the ages.  The game is simple, so the seven year old can explain it perfectly, yet it also can teach the three year old about numbers!  It's hard to find a board game that appeals to the "gamer" boys, but this one held their attention well.  It's also hard to find a game that all three grandchildren can play with me, but again this "Chutes and Ladders" game fit the bill perfectly!
6563	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun!  It's just like the cellphone game Unblock Me, but a real game.  It comes with a little mesh bag, has a special secure compartment for the cards, and fits easily on a lap so it's a great travel game.
3147	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This battery kit comes with the charging adapter for GN 9300 series headset and the battery.
3260	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My favourite board game! It takes sometime to learn the many rules of the game, so expect the first couple of games to go kinda slow, but once you get a group of gamers who know how to play then the game gets insanely fun and competitive! The theme is amazing if you love GOT, the game itself is deep and challenging, with lots of nice mechanisms (e.g. wars, wildling attacks, bidding for power items, etc..). Make sure you leave enough time for the game though, say couple of hours; it might be frustrating if you end the game early before the 10 rounds just because someone has to leave!

7976	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Hours of entertainment and great for learning colors and learning to count.
6415	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I think I liked this more than my daughters; it brought back so many wonderful memories of my own childhood.  My girls (ages 4 and 5) got to practice their counting, and can follow the rules pretty easily.  The only thing they can't seem to catch onto, is thinking ahead and counting out their other "pegs" to see if they can send another players pegs back "home."  So, I have to lay back sometimes and miss my chance to send them home, too... cause when I was winning all the time, they didn't want to play with me anymore!  Overall a lot of fun, educational enough to help with counting, and the only downside is the little pegs can get lost... and their is not replacement package, so you'd have to buy a new game, or make your own peg.  We are missing one peg, even though we always put it back in the box... we somehow lost one peg.  So, we keep our players to three, instead of four.  Put those pieces in a ziploc bag and you should be fine, as it doesn't have quite as many little pieces as most games.
8902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this after my daughter participated in a group music class that uses it to get the kids together. Makes great sound. She enjoys it and now is asking for bongos.
3412	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my sons birthday party love that it has easy how to face paint. Paint went on smooth and wiped off easilly with a baby wipe.

526	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Make words with three letters, then four, then more. The game is like Five Crowns but it uses letters instead of numbers and suits. It is fun and challenging.
We also bought Ticket to Ride Europe to play with adult friends and it was also a lot of fun--although we had a bit of trouble with the city names, as they are spelled for locals.  Also played this version with grandson and he caught on fast and learned to find the unusually-spelled city names.
9099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone loves uno!
5853	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color by number book. The pictures are very pretty and my son and I have a great time coloring them together. Each project also has a blank version you can do in any color you choose, but these were a waste for us. I just pulled them out of the book and put them away for use as coloring pages when my son gets older. He is 5 now and loves the concept of color by number, but he has no interest in just coloring on its own.
3712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this due to an employee recommendation at Guardian Games in Portland, Oregon.  Big hug guys for the great recommendation!!!
7134	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working shortly after purchased
My ONLY negative criticism would be the fact that some of the movie trivia has nothing to do with comedy.  One question referenced the movie "Jennifer's Body" which is a horror flick, and another referenced "Sleepless in Seattle", which I've never seen before but my wife claims is a drama.  But 2 out of a couple hundred ain't bad, so I won't mark it down for that!
9221	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality track.  Edges finished well.

9681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	6 years later and my now 6 & 9 year olds still play with the tunnel
2947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful and perfect for holding all of mommies things in the diaper bag! I love jujube. I have two of their diaper bags along with multiple other products. Great quality!
2916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	my children love the "5 little monkeys" story and song so these were a big hit!
Story:

7510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good game.
6067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great casual game to play with friends and family.  It may not have deep strategy or hard decision making but it definitely produces some exciting moments and has enough strategy so that this isn't just a roll and move game.  I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something fun to bring to a party as the game accommodates up to 10 players and is really quick and easy to teach.  You can't go wrong with Formula D.
Ages:  5 + adult
2098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a tradition that will carry on for generations!
9386	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Nice little drum, has a good sound, may take this on camping trips for campfire jams.  Mallets are pretty wimpy, would look around for sturdy options if you plan on using them frequently.
4267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love fluxx. The version you play is pretty much pointless, there are some very slight differences in the versions but mainly it is just a matter of what kind of things you like as they basically just add flavor to the game. The ever changing rules make it a ton of fun. If you are on the fence I would say buy one with a theme that you like and give it a try, I would bet you will end up liking it enough to buy some other versions for a different theme.
Honestly, I thought the game was fun and liked the choices I had to make each turn and the pace of the game is lighting fast.  There are options to make pit stops to replace tires and such, making multiple lap games possible and increasing the risks.
5622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game.
9970	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This tent is really cheap, and I dare to say it's dangerous for kids, it arrived with brown stains (like it was used) and one of the poles set was broken, it went directly to trash because I don't want to return it and make them able to send it again to another kid. Awful, awful, awful!!!
In any case, this particular game is a solid 5-star option, easily played (once you get through your first few games).
7377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very solid- I can't see it being easily broken. I love that it is solar powered and that there is a working calculator in it. My kids, ages 6 and 3, love it an it gets lots of use in their grocery store.

4896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this and other books of this type for my granddaughter who is 9 years old she LOVES them, I find them a very good buy as these books are the ones "we'' pick up to take along to the doc/dentist offices, it is easy to take and fun for the child while waiting in the waiting room.. I even have done some of the pictures myself.. You will not be disappointed when you purchase this and others in its line..
4577	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I hold game nights at my place twice a month and this will definitely make the list of most played. If you enjoy scrabble, but don't like how long a game can take, or if you are the type to play online word games, then this is a game for you. The object is to be the quickest to use up all of your letter tiles to make a crossword. The game is over when you are out of tiles and someone has put down their last letter. It is fun, thought provoking and quick enough to play multiple games.
Acquire is a game about investing in hotel chains and getting the most money in the end, similar to Monopoly, but that is about where the similarity ends.  The game does a wonderful job of creating the experience of investing in stock, simulating growth in value as the hotel chain grows, merging, and fighting to be primary stockholder for huge payouts on mergers.  The gameplay is brilliantly simple, but the strategy and decision making can go way deep!  It is done in such a way that the word elegance comes to mind. Even though there is luck involved in the way you draw tiles for this game, I at least get to choose where I want to move by placing a tile. Whereas in Monopoly, you have to move where the die tells you (roll 'n move) which aggravates me.

(2) Kaato Leeachos, a level 5 unique pilot that costs 15 points whose special ability reads, At the start of the Combat phase, you may remove 1 focus or evade token from another friendly ship at Range 12 and assign it to yourself.  Note that this takes a token from an FRIENDLY ship, as opposed to the HWK's Palob Godalhi who lets you take it from an enemy ship (see below).

2946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In love! Such a great wristlet... I use this to put
1063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as described and as promised.  Great game!!!  My children are older and we had a blast as a family playing this game.  Enough strategy to keep you interested but simple enough to have relaxed family fun.
7833	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My toddler loves playing the game.  The board is kind of cluttered and distracting but he likes it.
-Characters are more unique than I originally expected
I seem to be one of the VERY few who have had this problem. It could possibly just be my Kindle Fire and not the app itself. From what I've read there seems to be no issues with the iphone or ipad version.

2. First, start only with the red car. Teach him that getting the red car out is good, and let him do it multiple times until he gets the concept.
What's in the pack? In addition to the plastic figure, you get 1 red deployment cards (the same one that comes in the twin shadows game). You also get 3 command cards and 2 skirmish mission cards for use with the skirmish game (all new), and a set of 3 agenda cards for the campaign game (also new). And, for the first time in a mini-expansion, they have included one skirmish upgrade card (explosive armaments) which can be used by the fringe/scum faction (though since it requires a double surge to get +1 damage and Blast 2, I'm not sure how useful this card in particular will be). It also includes the rules sheet with all the info that will let you use run the skirmish missions (which uses tiles from both the base game and the Twin Shadows boxes) and/or campaign mission (which uses just tiles from the base game). Plus, one copy of the weakened condition card.
5370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The only reason I bought this game was that it was $6.00 at a consignment shop, I was on vacation visiting my parents with my daughter and her children, and my parents didn't have many games to choose from. We took this little gem home and started playing. Wow, what a great game this is. I have to admit, the instructions were a little hard to follow at first, so we went online and found some videos on You Tube. After watching others describe the rules and seeing the game laid along with the explanation, we began to understand how to play the game properly. The age range of those of us playing were 7 - 76, and we all had a blast. It was too complicated for the 7 year old to play by himself, but he had fun helping me play. Once you get the rules down, it is an easy game to understand and a lot of fun. The tiles are made of wood, which adds to the durability factor when playing with the younger crowd. My mom, who is a stroke survivor, had a great time and felt the game helped her with her focus and thinking ability. She had such a good time playing that she has asked for her own Qwirkle game for Christmas. I highly recommend this game. There is enough of a challenge and strategy component to keep the most serious gamer interested, but still has enough dumb luck (which tiles you pick from the bag) to be fun for the younger players.
3. You can change up the words you spelled, so you are rarely really stuck.
7840	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are bigger than some of the other letter blocks out there. My sons (4 & 2) are obsessed with letters and loves these.
* Should the rules pile up (more than five or six), people often forget to abide by all of them. This is especially true of younger players.
So if you want regular sized marbles, go with the wooden versions that Amazon sells.
Very low, The manual is very small.  The vast majority of the rules were explained above and they have a handy little lookup sheet which tells the share prices and payouts for each corporation and for what size.
1836	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What's not to love about the Elf on the Shelf?
Children must figure out how to assemble the gears (in an infinite number of possibilities) without having them lock up. It is fun for kids to see what happens with each gear as it becomes part of the works. All the gears have cool features: some flip over, others have googly eyes that turn, some make noise.

5466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I are forever playing games with our kids and own several SceneIt? games.  I was thrilled to see something from "our" generation.  Our older kids enjoy it too!!  Hours of fun!!

Well that set the tone for this chaotic, screaming match for our family of six.

Overall
Overall, this is a really nice game for gamers, especially those who are GoT fans.  I would  not recommend this for casual gamers however.
Not the best to play with young players because decisions they make can effect everyone else... which is good if they fully understand why they are doing it and what effect it will have, but if they don't, then it really is a bummer when they mess things up for you (and it doesn't even help them).
2950	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have played with these every day!  My grandson loved them.  Toddlers love this song so it was lots of fun.  It does not show, but the hands can Velcro together and we played ring-around-the-rosey with them.  Great quality.  We love, love, love them.  My only stress was I ordered on March 8th and they arrived on March 23rd.  So if you need them quickly, I would try to order from another source.  Almost missed getting here before my Easter trip to be taken as gift.  Stressed me as I thought I was ordering early enough!
3129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This planner is actually more than I need, but I love the lay out of the calendar, so continue to purchase it. I only use the front part of the planner, which gives a whole month view. The boxes are large enough for me to write in and I can see the whole month at a glance. I also like the extra pages in the back for making notes. I waste a lot of this planner because I don't use most of what is actually included. I am a busy Mom who works, runs kids to activities and is very involved in the PTO. I also have to keep track of my Husband's schedule and appointments. There is no way I could keep it all straight without this and I need to constantly write things down or I will forget. I can't stand being late or forgetting things, so I need a planner to keep it all straight. People give me a hard time because I still use an actual planner and not my Smartphone calendar. I just can't operate like that. In order for me to stay organized, I need to see the entire month at a time and not sit there and stare at a phone (which I think is so annoying to watch people do) or get angry when my finger touch keypad doesn't recognize what I am trying to type and therefore autocorrects into the wrong word. I wouldn't even have a Smartphone if I didn't need it for work. I think I will always stick with this brand of planner. It is a little large, but fits in my purse perfectly. They change the cover designs yearly and I can generally find 1 design that I like. Most of the cover designs are not my taste, but this wouldn't stop me from purchasing the planner.
5730	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A quick, easy game for kids of all ages...easy to pick up & play anywhere & everywhere...a must play for any gamer

8262	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game for all...

The game consists of letter tiles which come inside a cloth banana.  A clever and cute way to store the pieces!  I love it!...the banana case makes this game very portable.  We bring it with us on vacation, to restaurants, camping, etc.
Provides great entertainment value for all ages.
6357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	No issues with quality of this, I didn't find it flimsy or cheap. Yes the color will come off if you scratch it, it's just paint on a metal surface so this is sort of expected. The only negative I see is this thing is really, really small.
2084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my newborn Grandson.  His father was told a similar story when he was a young child. I should have written a children's book 35 years ago!  Same Elf!  Back then, there was no book, I made up a legend so my kids would go to bed and behave around Christmas time!  Who knew?
I put this game up there with Scrabble, dominoes and the like. While maybe not as intense as Scrabble can be but not as simple as dominoes, it does have that similar mechanic and "feel".

7262	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Not nearly as fun as the other Gamewright games.  We own about 7 different ones.  Confusing directions.
5849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Please note that I have bought everyone of these there are published and wish they would publish more but am finding saying the same things over and over are becoming so redundant that am getting tired of leaving feed back, just know these ARE GREAT AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE

:jk
9589	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good Value.  Quick Delivery.
2194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use these in my 15 minute warmup class advisory class with my students. Why do I give this 5 stars?  This game, along with a few other games, promotes conversation, connections, and talk between the students. I have between 10 and 12 students (depending on absences) so we sometimes play in groups. Works so well.  And you can stop the game without having to put a game board in a safe place. Not necessary! I totally recommend this game. Hope the company comes up with more games like this!

*Exploratory Romp (0)  *Feedback Filter(2.5)  *Freelance Coding Contracts (0.5)
Research suggested that Sony, JVC, Sharp, LG and Toshiba all have quality models.  When I finally viewed the competition in person I expected to find them all roughly comparable.  Wrong.  The Sony 52" XBR's picture was noticeably sharper detailed with rich and accurate colors.  The picture bordered on photographic.



6913	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent toy, it makes you think while you're having fun!  I keep it in the living room all the time.

8222	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I played this as a child and loved the game. It was so much fun to look at the pictures because they were so tempting (from the 50's). Sadly the game is cheaply made and the graphics are terrible and extremely ugly. I would pay more for a well made game and would much rather have the vintage graphics than these cheesy looking pictures. Ugly, ugly, ugly!
8215	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun toy for the family. great for working with patience and dexterity. children love it
6927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have given the "Rush Hour" game, and its affiliated versions, "Rush Hour Junior" and "Safari Rush Hour" to several kids for birthdays etc.  It has always been a huge hit.  Give one set to your own kid, because you will have fun playing it yourself.  Fun, but uses the little gray cells.  What more could you want?
FORMULA D, on the contrary is more "user-friendly". It also envolves a lot of calculation, but is not so hard on players (and on the brain!) and depends a lot of dice results. I think it's a better game for people trying to just have fun, while Speed Circuit is better for people wanting to compete.

1896	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves this!
2. Jump Jets allows ANY SMALL figure to use one of its actions to place itself in an empty space within 5 spaces. I think there will be a place for this in many command decks, and one thing I like best about it is that it will help some otherwise slower figures (especially rebel figures) get a little more movement at a key point in a game.
Rich
7828	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my 18 month old.  Perfect size for her, bigger then the "normal" block sets.  We love the bright colors and the different fonts on each size.
8093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Spent lots of time playing this game with grandchildren.  A fun activity to occupy a rainy afternoon when an indoor activity is required..
+ Beautiful board game with high quality, colorful game components
7673	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter in law says the kids love it and it works great. Better quality than the first kind they had which they broke.
There is definitely more strategy involved in this game than what you might think just by looking at the cover of the box. To add an extra layer of strategy to the game (and a bit of story), players can also choose to use the advanced rules. When using the advanced rules, players take on the role of a specific, named driver. Each of these drivers have a set of car attributes specific to them, and they each have a special ability that only they can use (once per lap) while driving. The road races also involve more road hazards and NO pit stops. Other options you may choose to employ in the game include weather conditions and team races. When I play this game with my children, I allow them to use two cars on their "racing team." This allows them to play conservatively with one and aggressively with the other, and keeps them from being immediately eliminated from play should one of their cars get wrecked.

8856	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for our musical grand twins. When they become famous they will endorse these.
6077	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Weve only played three games, but it is fun.  I like the simple concept of shifting to higher gears allowing the player to roll a higher-sided die and potentially go faster, coupled with the challenge of the corners where you must end your movement 1, 2 or 3 turns to avoid damaging your car or crashing.
- Can get a bit "mathy", when ice starts piling up on a particular server, you'll need to start calculating how many credits you'll need for a successful run or you may be wasting your time and money
WHAT DID I LIKE ABOUT THE GAME:
2. Set up the cars on the board as indicated on the card
3885	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantasy Flight Games LCG idea is awesome.  It allows you to build your collection on your terms.  So with every new data pack you need to decide if its worth getting.  I personally am obsessed with the game.  So I always get every new one.  But this right here, this is the first deluxe expansion release for the game!  More cards.  More epic plays.  Worth getting?  Lets rate every card to see.  0 means horrible.  5 means fantastic.  But there are so many cards (and I cant split it into two parts) that I am going to just give ratings on most cards, and thoughts on some.  We got 55 cards to look at so lets get to it!

8583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It takes my 4  year old some time to learn this, but my 6 year old got it fast and loves it.  a very cool game to play with our boys, that's also addicting.  we love it.
9766	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My daughter and I play with these.  They are good quality, but there is a limit to what you can build.  There are way more of the little pieces than the big ones so not a lot you can do with it.  For the price though, compared to the authentic ones, I was very pleased with them.
8392	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After reading reviews I was concerned, but my 9 year old really wanted it for her birthday so we took the chance. It worked perfectly time and time again. It was so much fun playing the game. Set up happens during the game play and kids had no problem with it. After playing it approx 10 times, still sets up easily and still fun watching the little ball go thru the process until the trap falls on the mouse. Classic fun.
8716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As described


*The Professor: Keeper of Knowledge (3) You can make him work.  But he has the same issues as Exile.  And while he might be a whiz at programs he doesnt have any extra MU tacked on.  Granted he is in Shaper so he has a lot of MU boosts in faction.  Still, I like all the other Shaper IDs better.  (With the exception of the new one in Upstalk.  Bleh!)
Doesn't take too long to complete
5327	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game that different ages can play together.  The pieces are easy to handle.  I wanted something that grandparents could play with grandchildren, and that my parents could play to help fight dementia.  I recommend this game for those reasons.


6045	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A reference standard racing game flexible enough to work with casual gamers in a party setting (with basic rules and a 2-lap race) all the way to advanced players using the advanced rule set.
9452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got this game to take on a weekend cabin (no tv) get away. My 4 &1/2 year old son, hubby and I really enjoyed playing it. It is memory with a twist and clue combined. The cards are not sturdy (hence the 4 stars instead of 5) but i think i will laminate them to increase their lifespan.
4975	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very fun game
5351	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The Qwirkle board game is fun and we play it as a family. I would recommend it as a gift.
9567	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great Product!
1984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is the most fun thing I've purchased is a very long time and most definitely a tradition that will be going in our home for many, many years to come. My children are still young and they believe in everything. My husband also loves this and has already came up with so much ideas. I think this elf has brought the kid in my husband and I'm just so happy to be able to share it with my children. My children named our elf, Fred, and let me tell you, Fred is naughty at times but he is a fun elf. My kids look forward to each mornings and they search for Fred and see what mischievous deeds he has done around the house. Fred definitely does not disappoint. This product is most definitely worth it and a keeper for any family.
First impression wile driving, This truck turns like a bus.
2355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Already Reviewed this.  Not thrilled at having to do again.  Nice to have options with Qchord and have more fun.
2834	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My llama llama fanatic was thrilled with his new little buddy to read all his llama llama books.
This is a must-have for any Brio enthusiast.

3198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been wanting to get these cast iron wings for my saw since the first day I bought it but there have been other priorities so I waited.  Now that I got them, I am sorry that I did not do so much earlier.  The wings are perfectly flat and fit the main saw top very nicely and perfectly level.  They add quite a bit of weight to the saw which is good even for an already great and smooth running saw.
2217	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family fun!
If you're a fan of Pokemon, especially of the Eeveelutions I suggest adding these to your collection. They're adorable and affordable! However, if you're looking for high end, name brand Poke merchandise I suggest you purchase this elsewhere and pay quadruple the price.
Other than that, a great toy for infants learning to use their hands and mouths.
1. Mandalorian Tactics (Boba Fett's title card -- see above) allows him to spend both of his actions to perform two attacks with +1 surge to each attack results. AND, instead of choosing one ability from battle discipline, he can apply ALL of its abilities.
I know many of my OT friends have been using Rush Hour for years.  It is a fun yet intellectual game rated for kids 8 and up.  Rush Hour is available at many stores from Barnes and Noble, Amazon, and specialty toy shops around the way, as well as straight off the Think Fun website.  For $14.99, this is a wonderful game to keep a child or adult occupied on a rainy afternoon.  Because of the pieces, it doesn't travel too well.  However, there is an app for that.  Rush Hour Free and the full version  Rush Hour (for $2.99) are available on the App Store so you can play any time, any where.  My kids or I will play in the car, at a restaurant, doctor's offices etc.  There is even a mini Rush Hour Holiday version for .99 cents with presents and a penguin.  Really cute.
7939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game.
If you buy this make sure to go get the seperate "Castle Expansion Pack" and "Sir Not Appearing In This Game Promo Card". These are an additional seven cards that are awesome. You can generally find these on ebay for $5 total.

1763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my great grandson and he will love it I'm sure.  My granddaughter loved the idea of this new tradition.
1480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Why do all the best board games originate from Europe?
1113	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic game!
568	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Quiddler.  It is a nice two person game but can be played with more players.  Being a game playing family, it was hard once we became empty nesters to find something to play for just us two.  It is not a long game.  It is not a complicated game.  It is just a simple fun word game.  We have given this game as a gift to all of our adult children, added it to a few wedding gifts  and have brought it to people's houses as a hostess gift. It is a great thing to bring along on trips.
When you put the two sets together, it makes for a far more challenging Lords of Waterdeep game, especially when you max out the game at 6 players. Gameplay does get a little long at this point and it does require a bit of a commitment to see things through. But it's still not crazy long enough to consume your entire game night with just a single game.
6269	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Never used them. I thought it came with an easter basket. Waste of money.
6524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is such a fun game. The entire family loves it! It really gives our girl's mind a good workout.
If you wrap the yarn around the height of the book, you'll have half a yard of yarn. Use this cheat mentioned in the book instead of the confusing ruler.
8811	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have this schoolbus set up in the bedroom of our 1 bedroom apartment and it's a favourite amongst other parents, children who come over to play, as well as my daughter to "hide into" for a little privacy. She is 2 1/2 yrs old and likes this alot---to either play in, or read a book in privacy. I find her doll in here sometimes, which shows she likes to take along her doll for a busride sometimes too. Great idea.
1572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really fun tradition. My son looks for his elf every morning. He has gotten really good since he's been around. We had a hard time getting him to go to sleep on time.
Note: A review copy of this game was provided to me.
9063	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My infant son loves this drum!  He has a great time with the drumsticks and also turns it over to make it a bucket for storage.  Endless hours of fun.  Highly recommend for the baby/toddler who loves to bang everything!
9423	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for two of my Grandchildren at "Christmas" and they love it. It is made of pretty good quality material also.
Game play is complicated or, if you want a positive spin, diverse, with numerous mini-games within the game, and I'm still not 100% sure how you are supposed to play out the end game. The game board needs a flat table to remain flat; we played it on a padded bench and it was hard keeping it level enough to keep the game pieces in play. As for the game pieces, they are lovely little pewter figurines; although I can see an emergency room trip should I ever accidentally step on Tinker Bell's wings.  Content is rendered for standard definition TVs; I'd have thought that we were far enough into the 21st century for all DVDs to be designed for widescreen TVs, but apparently not.
3319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great build and game play. Starting out you'll find yourself reading every space for the options and cards thoroughly but after a couple times it goes easier.
Whats not to Like?

1 the battery compartment will fit my lipos and flat 6 cell packs. ( it will not fit a hump pack )


734	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had never heard of this game but my boyfriend said he used to play it when he was younger. I bought it for him for Christmas and we have played it numerous times already. This is such a fun game, even though I lose practically every time, lol!!
4707	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old girl...she ask this for her graduation gift! She say that she is going to be a surgeon...she watch YouTube surgery videos...
Having looked into the D&D 4.0 rules set, I'm convinced that Pathfinder is the way to go if I'm going to do RPG's (Some call it D&D 3.75).  The fact that WotC is moving on to D&D 5.0 pretty much confirms my decision.
6705	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this game has been great fun for our family - kids through grandparents.
9675	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday.  There she sat surrounded by toys and this was the one she couldn't wait to play with.  A few months later she still likes to drag it around.  The ducks are adorable to watch "waddle" and the little song is so cute (I occassionally cathc myself or my husband singing it later in the day).
9525	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Even my older kids climbed in to play with their baby sister. It has enough room, yet is compact enough to fit about anywhere. Construction seems good so far. Easy to set up. Just like any other kids tent. I love it!
Probably the most notable change was making "Life" a variable starting number, just like Strength and Craft.  Some of the characters start with five (Warrior) or even six (Troll) life instead of the standard four.  The Prophetess, one of the most powerful characters in the Second Edition, has been de-powered a bit.  She can now draw one card, and then chose to either keep that card or discard it and draw another, which she must encounter.  That was a nice edition as in the old version The Prophetess was so powerful she was boring to play.  An additional element called "fate counters" has been added which allow for the re-rolling of a single die if you pay a counter.  Craft-defeated monsters can also be cashed-in now in the same way as Strength-defeated monsters.
1213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love the game.
4380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Haven't played it yet, but looks like a fun game
2267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great deal!  Not as scary as the "other" elf.  Get the original here.
4595	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this product on a friend's recommendation, and was skeptical when it arrived.  How could a little sack of Scrabble-ish tiles be as much fun as the time-honored master that IS Scrabble?
8781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son recieved this as a Christmas gift.  I really wanted to wait until his 2nd birthday, but a family member bought it without telling us. Anyways...
9060	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves it
5247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My small kids can understand this game, but it has enough strategy that the older ones can also enjoy it.
2014	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my grandchildren and they really enjoyed finding the elf each day and seeing what it was up too.  My three year old granddaughter would call me and let me know.  I think it is a cute idea.
Each set (standard vs. deluxe) from the screenshots seems to have different artwork and/or commodities, with the deluxe being a nicer set in my opinion.

My advice is if you're interested in playing a Star Wars RPG then go with the last d20 version put out by Wizards of the Coast before the price on it skyrockets.  If you're set on giving this system a go then wait for the full release ;don't let them dip into your wallet more times than they have to.
5650	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game, easy to figure out, easy to play.
9230	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these long straights for my son's new train set. I had bought him new Brio trains for Christmas, but most of the track pieces I purchased used off a neighbor, so they were a mix of various different brands (Melissa & Doug, Thomas, and one other I don't know). We needed a few more straights, so I went with these from Brio. At first I was disappointed by the price for only 4 pieces. But I have to say, the quality of these is well above and beyond the other pieces we have. They fit together perfectly and are easy to attach and detach. The Brio trains roll easily along these tracks--not so with some of the others.
2048	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was our first year with an elf.  Our almost 3 year old loved it!  We had to explain a few things (and a few times), but she picked up the concept and each morning when she woke up she went looking for our elf!  She liked how he was in a different spot each morning.  I was a little worried about her touching the elf and wanting to play with him, so at first the elf was high and out of reach.  As the days went on though and we quizzed her about the elf, she knew not to touch him and would get very upset if I went anywhere near him because she didn't want the elf to lose his magic!  So, I'd say our elf is a success and a lot of fun to have around at Christmas.  Our little girl is already thinking ahead to next year when the elf comes back!
7282	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old daughter just loved this at Christmas.  Quality build, great money and coins.  She loves playing store and asked for a register for Christmas.  Don't be fooled by Age guidelines, it's perfect for anyone who wants to play store.  Color is more of a dark brown than RED.  Glad I followed the other reviewers and picked this one.
8947	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great and easy to learn for hours of fun

4981	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game!

It is a great family game and not to complicated to play with young children. We play with our 4,3, and 2 year old children. Our 2 year old typically plays on either mommy or daddy's team or he really likes to hand out the tiles when a player needs new pieces to play. He pays extra attention to how many tiles each player used on their last turn so he knows exactly the right amount to hand out so it really helps with his counting skills. Our 3 and 4 year old boys play their own tiles but we do need to help them "strategically" speaking. Definitely helps for kids to recognize patterns and practice their "finer" motor skills when it comes to placing the tiles on the board without wrecking the board.
6741	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love this game!! Thank you.
993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE this game! At first the instructions seemed a little daunting to us, but after a quick google search we stumbled upon an extremely helpful video done by the actor, Wil Wheaton. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHmf1bau9xQ  Once we learned how to play, we were able to quickly and simply explain the rules to our 9 year old daughter in minutes. We originally bought the game for her. But to be honest, my husband and I have enjoyed playing it so much that I think we've played it 4x as much as she has. It's a very basic strategy game - Your goal is to have the most points at the end of the game. You gain points by claiming routes and completing destination tickets. We've tried playing the game with a couple of different strategies and no two games are ever really the same. It's a fantastic family game for up to 5 players, great for children and/or adults. Highly recommend it to be added to anyone's game collection.
Its a tool.  Its one of many she uses to learn-- but it has helped her a great deal.
3018	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These finger puppets were as I expected.  5 monkeys that look like the ones in Christelow's stories.  they measure 5" each and fit my adult finger as well as a child's fingers.  I am very happy with them.
4996	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game on recommendation from a friend.  It is now a new family favorite game.  I like to think of it as a mix of Uno and Dominoes.  We recently had extended family for a visit and it was enjoyed by EVERYONE!
8573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas.
GAME PLAY:
8385	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Supet speedy shipping!
4970	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a game our grandson requested from Santa for Christmas, so I am sure he has already played it and wanted one for himself.
4716	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this item for my 5 and 7 year olds. It's pretty cool and I even had fun digging into it. Educational and just gross enough to be fun. Prompt shipping.
3239	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome awesome game! We had played it before and we loved it, that's why we decided to buy it! GOT fans YOU'LL LOVE IT!
7357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just the right complexity for my 6 year old.  She understood how to play very quickly but the game itself is interesting enough to hold her attention. We play every night.
9461	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	So, I miss read it.  There are no caterpillars with this.  But, it is also NOT a kit.  It is the cage and a green thing with no instructions on what it is.
I love it !  My color are almost gone...I will buy this book again.
2421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband was annoyed that I bought this pet too but once you read the story, that all changed. It's really a wonderful message and I hope he helps my kids do more good things in the world.
7321	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product! I purchased for my daughter's play grocery store and she has had hours of fun with it. My kids range from 4-7 and all 3 enjoy this. The older one can count out money, the middle one likes to calculate on the cash register and the youngest likes to ring people up and learn about coins and cash. Highly recommend this very fun toy.
1541	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids enjoy this

596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game.  The rules are similar to Gin -- get each card in your hand into a straight before your opponent does and you win.  But instead of suits and numbers each card has a letter or pair of letters, and the goal is to make words.  The first hand is 3 cards, the second hand is 4 cards, etc...on up to 13 cards.
7613	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old brother loved it so much that we played it twice after we got it. It was simple enough for him to get the rules but also not super super easy to win (I kept getting sent back with the picture cards in the first game and him in the second). My first time playing Candy Land as well. He also liked the story that goes along with the game and made up stories and dialogue as we passed by the different characters and sections of the board.
7687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My parents got this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. My son loves to play store and this makes it that much easier to play. It comes with money but  I wish there were more of the big bills. There's plenty of change. The other thing I don't like is that there are only 3 drawers for dollar bills but there are more than 3 bills so we are stuck grouping 10's, 20's, and 50's in one drawer which makes it a little hard. My son also really loves the included paper pad and the credit card. It makes a beeping when scanning. The buttons work really well for adding and math but we aren't quite to that yet since my son is only 3. The cash drawer "dings" when it opens and there is an off button as well for the cash register. The numbers are also easy to read. My son enjoys it. We just bought more money for it. Also, there is NOT a scanner for objects with this version but there is a version that costs a little bit more just for a scanner. This works just fine.
8039	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was a little surprised that this wasn't my childhood Candy Land- they'd changed the board and action pieces and switched around some of the characters- no more Grandma Nut- but all in all, this will be my son's "classic" and it's easy enough for an almost three year old that he learned the rules and how to play in just one sitting.
The player will then enter the Monster Phase of his turn and will need to defeat or otherwise dismiss any monsters rolled (Skeletons, Oozes, and Goblins make up the monsters you will encounter).  This is done by using your party dice rolled at the beginning of your "delve into the dungeon" (a.k.a. 1 of your 3 turns going through the dungeon).  You may use any one adventurer die (Clerics, Mages, Fighters, Thieves, and Champions) to defeat any one monster die.  Each type of adventurer also has specialties that help remove more of a certain kind of monster etc.  These are color coded for your convenience.  Example: The grey Cleric can defeat (or in other words remove) any number of grey Skeletons, the green Fighter can remove any number of Goblins, and the Thieves can open any number of chests (we will discuss these soon).  The gold Champion is pretty special, it can remove any of the same type of monster (consider it a wild die of sorts).


8247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Yes, CANDYland. CANDY! How did this game survive the anti-sugar movement? Sugar Pops are now labeled "Corn Pops" and my beloved Sugar Smacks are now just "Smacks". Yet Hasbro has taken a stand against the spin doctors and refused to alter their game. They know that kids and candy are a force in the universe that cannot be changed. They seek each other out like soul-mates.
2054	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love our elf, Twinkle Toes. My three year old grandson has enjoyed finding him every morning. It's helped him understand that Santa is always watching.
7213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great cash register.  My three year old loves it.  The drawer does pop out a little too hard when you hit the "open" button, causing the coins to get thrown out of the drawer, but he's three... so there was little chance they'd stay in there anyway.  He loves playing store with his older brother.

The board itself is smaller than a normal board - it measures 10" x 10".  There are 100 letter tiles, 4 plastic tile racks, and tile bag included with game board.
7201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The package arrived extremely quickly!! Kids were thrilled to open it up and play right away. Product just as described.
3099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love my mask! soft, complete black out, wonderful! I will probably order another one for travel. Really great mask!
8905	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is awesome. The drum's tone is deep and nice. I bought my sone this lousy plastic drum from toys are us, and it was more expensive and sounds awful. This is a worthwhile purchase.

271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Versatile and somewhat convenient, you will likely have to spend some time beforehand to set-up your dungeon scene or you may have some interruption to game play.  Still, I prefer them to dry erase at this point because I am terrible at drawing/sketching anything forget about to scale.  These tiles also work quite well with 25mm miniatures so I feel they are a great value since you can usually get them under $20 a box.

3313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, this is the board game I've been looking for my entire life. It has an amazing fantasy setting, beautiful art, complex and fun mechanics, replayability, and expansive capabilities. You can even play it with as few as 2 players, which seems to be a rarity among fun strategy board games. Some complain about the random movement factor, but I think fun is where just the right amount of strategy and chance meet, and Talisman does it really well. It's just an amazing fantasy adventure in board game form. I can't recommend it enough.
Another note:  Days of Wonder puts a lot of attention into quality and detail.  The board itself is impressive.  Some may wish the plastic trains were wood, but I think they are fine.  Even the box is well made with several compartments to separate the cards and pieces.
6993	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My child loves it.  For a few weeks lol
Summary: A must for those who work with a "pointy eared boss", or a good gift if you know someone who does. Highly recommended.
332	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One of the best expansions ever!  Well worth getting.  I will not play the base game without this expansion.  Get it now
***I am revising my previous statement. We didn't understand all of the rules properly and we were playing the game incorrectly.  Now that we figured it out, I would highly recommend it.  Much better when you understand the directions!




814	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game!
6468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this game to add to our homeschool classroom. I felt we were missing something. I have 2 boys on the autism spectrum. How do I teach patience, to try something new, to accept failure and try again? What do I do about fear of failing? What do I do with a perfectionist who is afraid to try?  How do I teach to master something takes much trial and error? How do I teach to lengthen attention span? This series of games does just that. The games starts very simple and to master it takes lots of practice and many mistakes. We had many meltdowns in the beginning. The games teach you to think a certain way and starting at the beginning and working your way through you start to figure it out. The games for us just didn't entertain they helped me teach valuable life skills. We own so many of this companies games for this very reason. Each game has its own unique thinking skill niche. My favorite thing it teaches after we finish each series I ask was it hard? The answer is always yes. Then I follow up were you able to do it? My kids are learning that doing things that are hard is possible with patience. I thank Think Fun for this skill and their wonderful games.
7380	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it
4944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite games. My mother-in-law bought it for my son for his birthday when he was young. We first played without keeping score and then once he understood it, then we kept score. We've been playing it for years. It's a great game for adults too. Especially if you play matching multiple tiles, it can be quite challenging. This will be a family favorite for years and years.
7532	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game. It is fun and it helped with teaching my young kids how to count and learn colors while having FUN!
2745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A great stocking stuffer for my Bad Kitty fan club kids!
All told, XCOM The Board Game succeeds brilliantly in creating a tense, engaging, and incredibly fun experience.  Each player will get sucked into their role, and the unique game challenge that that presents.  At the same time, all players know they have to work together or suffer catastrophic defeat.  Fun, inventive game play, really well designed cooperative mechanics, and a great theme make XCOM The Board Game a winner!
6266	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THE KIDS WILL HAVE SUCH FUN WITH THESE.

9526	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Flimsy, hard to put together, and doesn't stake into the ground.  This is fun for play but don't take it anywhere windy and don't expect it to last long.
Pilots include:
2857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cute and adorable with PJs and all!
1031	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After reading reviews saying how great this game is, i decided to try it.  I found the instructions to be super complicated, but as soon as we started playing, it was so easy to understand - even for my 10-yr old.  I've only played a 2-person game so far, but i'm loving it.  The games move quite quickly, and learning geography is a nice bonus.
2806	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a birthday gift along with two Rocket books for six year old grand daughter.  She loves all three and used the book for her end of school project and, of course, stuffed Rocket went to school with her that day.
Gameplay wise, the asymmetrical gameplay design is impressive. No player-designed decks that play themselves here. The game involves deck design as well as a steady handed player well versed in the bluff as well as the tell and call. Risk benefit analysis is made in every move. It's tense.
8358	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
6694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	More portable than original since the markers are stored in the covered bin.
1158	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!

Worthily is to mention the top notch quality of all its components. I just wish the cars were bigger, but as it is the board is already big enough!
7570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good! It is one of our most simple games. No need to think, you just spin and make as many steps as you got. You don't wanna play it many times in a row, but it's nice! 5 stars.
Although a little pricey, there is a lot of neat stuff in these boxes. Shadows of Brimstone is a neat dungeon exploring game.

1301	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband started playing this game and taught it to the rest of us. My kids and I love this game. It is the coolest and most fun family game we own. We can't wait to get the extensions for it.
UPDATE: 03/03/2015 at 22 months he is still playing with it.  He now hits on it with his hands while daddy plays guitar.  Sometimes he hits it on the right beats..... On a side note, I had to stop him from stepping on it a couple times.  I also had to muffle it a bit with a small blanket because he is bigger with stronger arms and with the mallet it could get quite loud.  I just really don't want to disturb my elderly neighbors.
The games last 30-60 minutes, which is nice staying power. Make sure you have a large enough table. Our rectangular craft table sometimes just isn't wide enough for the pattern of the tiles, and we need to do our best to improvise.

RULEBOOK
4687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter got this for her birthday and loves it. It is very cool and has pretty good information.
The only downside is that this is a bit pricey and that the Saint Bernard's eyes look crooked. Other than that, we love to incorporate this adorable puppy into our Christmas season and we talk about what good things we can do to help others to add more Christmas cheer. It teaches a wonderful life lesson while offering the child a cute Christmas friend.
Allies will require some serious reading as the rules they necessitate adding to the game run to more than two pages. Let's hope they prove worth the trouble.

5723	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So. Much. Fun.  It's a great card game, really easy to learn, can be played with both adults and kids, and on top of it all, makes fun of science fiction shows and movies we all love.
5527	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun spinoff version of Chrononaughts. It is more streamlined and focuses exclusively on the timeline.
- Easy to understand and play (after the initial setup)
8489	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
Gameplay is identical to other versions of Scene It - you start on one space and roll dice until you get a question wrong. Some of the questions are easy, but most are very difficult and will require a real Star Trek expert to answer.
7016	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This register came highly recommended and at the time it was being offered for a really good price.  I took a chance and ordered it and it has been a great purchase for us.  My kids and granddaughter love to play shop or restaurant and cash my purchases or meal out.  The register works like a basic calculator and although my granddaughter hasn't quite got the concept - she still finds great joy in playing with it.  It seems to be built well and looks like it will lend itself to years of fun.
8924	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Expensive but worth the money
7830	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I had this as a child, so I naturally bought it for my own kids. While they did enjoy playing it -- and still enjoy playing it, and playing it, and playing it -- I couldn't help but think that the board really needed to be updated for the practices and standards in today's schools. Still, it was as enjoyable as it was years ago.
5827	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves it!  Hours of entertainment.  Much nicer pictures than your normal connect the dot puzzles.
8623	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Clearly I got a cheaper knock off direct from China. Although I ordered the sphere with classic colors (red, lime, yellow, purple), the color of the one that arrived is more neon. The plastic is super flimsy. It arrived broken, which is no surprise since it was not in box. The black poly plastic bag that it was shipping in was also damaged, then taped up. What a disappointment!

8134	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After reading all the reviews I opted to purchase the more expensive, older version. I'm not sorry, it's not too easy and works great.
3505	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've been a roleplayer for the past 35 years, and this is hands-down the best boxed set for instructional roleplay use I've ever seen. And it's good for extended play, as well, I gave this set to a friend's son and he's been able to round up three friends and they've played using only this set and the free dowloads from Paizo.com for four months, and they're still going strong. Recently purchased another for myself and have plans to give it to another kid of about the right age.
2166	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THIS THING IS HUGE!!! The new characters are fun and it comes with SO MUCH stuff including dividers and play mats for every character they have made so far. The play mats are customized so characters who have extra steps have them listed in the order of play spot on the mat. If you are just starting with Red Dragon Inn this is where you want to start because the game is so fun that you'll end up getting all the expansions and extra characters eventually.
9782	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nice game to play with adults or children or combination of both.
1344	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Probably one of my favorite games I've played recently. Not overly complex and very entertaining. Price was very reasonable when compared book/game stores.
The gameboard is a little plain - considering there are lots of things they could have done with the imagery and playing spaces - but the questions, the game tokens and even the cards are detialed and amazing.
Pros:

3120	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Received merchandise in a timely fashion, haven't had too much time to use them yet, but am planning on doing paper cuttings very soon.,  A new fun hobby!
1035	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Family favorite. Great for kids and adults. Good replay value.
1620	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who doesn't love this guy? My daughter's elf disappeared (elfin magic) when he needed to appear this year (a promotion?) and I promised her a replacement (we contend you have to be referred by a current elf family). It arrived quickly and jumped into action. There is a lot of competition among family elves. Thank you!
530	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Recommened by a friend but haven't been able to use it much
8345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The kids have enjoyed this game. We still play it!
623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got same game but for 4$ somewhere else this price is way to high for a card game. My 4yr old don't mind the game. He says its OK.
I haven't used it long enough to see if it improves the sun damage, but I use this daily and love it.
7552	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game and was received fairly quickly.
1986	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend The Elf on the Shelf. We have done it for 8 days now and my daughter loves waking up every morning and finding out where and what Joey the elf has done. I can't wait to carry on this tradition.
 If the back blade strikes a wall and comes off you can easily repair it by hand.

Overall, great for most ages.  I know a friend's daughter played at 6 and enjoyed herself although the competition might have been a bit different than all adults.  Overall, it can be very "work together" or very "mess with your neighbor", it all depends on the group you're playing with.  If you can get three or more together, I highly recommend Wizard.  The Deluxe version does give a bit more than the regular, but you might be better off starting with the standard version and work your way up although the price difference isn't much.

634	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	very small print.  can hardly read the cards  not very fun.  i don't suggest you buy it.  wish it was better
3889	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing game series.  Excellent price.
5748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite Fluxx of the 4 styles I have played. While all my other Fluxx games basically change themes, Star Fluxx has some new rules and action cards.
446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for new spellers or struggling ones to build up confidence. Great game for mixed ages. Love it. We bought the original first and
2367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So I went camping as kind of a chaperone with a youth group and learned to play this game at a picnic table.  The occasional breeze made so many stacks of card perilous, but it would have been too warm in the tent.  I was enthralled: surveying planets that would be subdued either by force of amassed fleets of fighters or more subtle attrition with one colony at a time.  I was producing and trading resources for points, and researching new technologies that- as I think of it- seldom improved the quality of life for my empire- some of the most expensive ones are game changes though all this from the comfort of a picnic bench.
2447	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I can't believe how CHEAP this thing is. So disappointed...and it's SO overpriced. And the tiles don't even "lock"...its so poorly designed...doesnt even accomplish what I bought it for.
2676	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this was a christmas gift and its what my son asked santa to give...they work well and the inkpad is well inked.
4331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun for a small group.
7777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game to play with my young son.  He enjoyed playing it with his little cousin so when I saw it on sale I picked one up.  Just like I remember it as a kid.  A very simple way to teach kids to play a game by the rules and easy for the little ones to understand.

9371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	These are the drums that we use at Music Together. But at the class we use the gathering drum. I didn't want one so big so I got this one. Pluses: It's very sturdy and you can drum using the mallets or your hands. I can drum with my toddler. She loves it. Cons: It's pretty loud. Not sure if it's because we have hardwood floors and at Music Together class they have carpet. It's a great drum, but louder than I expected.
6106	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	this is the worst r.c. training program in the hole world. i think its 1985 tech. had to install drivers by hand on windows 7 COMPLETE DISASTER  F- it's this kind of stuff that makes me think about what the hell amazon is thinking. IF i COULD GIVE THIS NEGATIVE STARS IT WOULD BE -5
6894	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got this for my 8-1/2 year old daughter and she played it quite a bit while on vacation.  Now I cant stop playing (there's also an Iphone app). Hours of fun and strategic thinking!
7528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this and uses it in her pretend reasuarant.
7490	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	bought it for my grandson, he liked it.
gave as a gift and didn't come with battery
5197	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	fun game
These are the basics of train track building. If you have these and a few extra pieces you can make quite a nifty train track for your train.
1161	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this game and we got  it as a family gift however I haven't played it yet so can't comment with any authority.  I love the idea and the pieces!
We played it with a 3 1/2 year-old and a 6 year-old. They both loved it. And have played it many times. We have to play a long because they don't know how to operate the remote to the DVD player correctly.
8887	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant on buying her just because I didn't think I would like her, but I took a chance and I am very happy that I did. I love the mini doll she comes with of the original Barbie. The outfit is beautiful as a new updated from the bathing suit and the flowers look so real! I am very happy with this purchase and a must own for any Barbie collector!
7711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a very helpful toy to help teach my granddaughter about money.  She enjoyed playing grocery store with it.

But the positive was really that hubby and I enjoyed it with the two of us and since we usually have different tastes in games, this was great!
6599	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A Christmas gift for a 5-year-old, so at this time I am not qualified to speak of it's durability.  However, I do know it is a great game and it arrived from Amazon quickly and in perfect shape. Update--in playing this game, we have found it to be quite difficult for young children to "pop" the dice bubble.  Their hands just are not strong enough to do the job, which is somewhat disappointing to them. I am still very happy to have purchased it.
You keep score on the board and build trains to and from different places in the USA. There are cards that tell you which cities. Everyone had their own mission as well as trying to stop others to achieve their missions.
14	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Nephew, age 5 loved the booker.

617	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really fun game for cheap. fast shipping. Also good conversation starter
1932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love Elf on the Shelf at our house!!!!
1510	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game has simple rules but that doesn't mean there's not strategy. I like this game a lot. I only take off 1 star because you need a very large physical playing space and the pieces are awkward to place on the board. A+ for rules and concept. B- for execution.
1357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  Everyone loves easy to teach and quick game play!  Love how fast turn play is, no one is waiting around waiting for their turn.  Even teaches a little geography! Pieces and art very well made.  Love it!

6. Great battle mechanism that requires more strategy then just rolling dice.
It is awesome to play this game with my grand child.
6324	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	i should have payed more attention to the pictures, when i ordered these i thought they were going to be the nendoroids from the first picture but they in fact are not...i realized it after i got them in the mail. The ones you get are those in the second and third pic, they are clearly lower quality the colors are way off on some of them and the details aren't painted on them at all. I should have noticed (by the price) that they weren't the originals, but at less than $4 a piece ill simply paint the corrections myself. The ones in the first pic currently sell for around $25 each. You can compare the quality between the pics yourself, i was disappointed but i don't think my purchase was a total loss. after i repaint them they'll still look nice in my collection until i have the money to replace them with originals.
6606	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my brother for his 63th birthday.  He is now 66 and still plays with it often. I is challenging and fun at the same time.
5596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my nephew for Talk Like a Pirate Day & he loves it.

8878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Now, if you have yet to play this game, you will soon find out the sweet sound of the word "Wild Card."  Just when the other players least expect it, you change the whole game around. I can still get into this game with my nieces who love to make up lots of different games with the cards. Of course I let them beat me, I am not that mean! This game always makes us laugh.
The game is similar to other draw-and-discard games, such as Phase 10, but with a dash of Scrabble thrown in for good measure.  We've discovered some interesting new words, and the game certainly challenges you to find unique words to use up what's in your hand... as well as some shocking but hilarious times when some dirty mind comes up with a raunchy but perfectly legitimate word on their turn.  XD

7088	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	As expected, kids enjoy this, money is hard to keep tabs on, but if you teach your kids to keep it all together, they most likely will play with it longer.

-I'm not a big fan of the flimsy box-it makes storing it back onto a bookshelf or gaming cabinet a little tough (look up Dungeons and Dragons box for reference)
375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent stickers.  My grand daughter loves Peppa Pig.
6013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is an exciting game based on the hit show Sons of Anarchy. You don't have to watch the show to play, but it helps fill in the excitement of whats happening with the gang play. The basis of this game is to build your crew, travel around and earn as much money as you can by swapping guns and contraband. Fighting amongst the gangs depends on the players, how much they want to fight and if a lot of players, where there is room (locations) to be, do business and not run into each other  or do if you want to play rough.
4406	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a double game, and lots of fun.  Easy to play anywhere with open space (table, floor, sidewalk) and small so easy to pack and take with you.  My teenager liked it enough she stole it to take to college with her.
Ticket to Ride is a great game for kids and adults alike, despite its repetitiveness. The gameplay is fairly simple and turns go smoothly...that is...all you're doing is either drawing to match like colors or placing like colors on the board to make connections. You aren't managing stocks or trying to figure out if the D-20 you rolled entitles you to a critical hit because someone else played an interrupt card. For this reason, everyone in the house (with the exception of the person who hates board games) enjoys playing this game. The thirteen year old says that this is her favorite game to play, because it is "fun." The ten-year old enjoys the whole "train theme" and making connections.

6809	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my 10 year old nephew, he loved it along with the family. We played it nonstop for about two hours. I am glad I did not pay attention to all the reviews. It is definitely for an older child (3rd and up), if you get aggravated when putting the game away and the pegs not staying in their designated spot, then put them in plastic bags until the next game. It's a simple, very focused game that I love as a first time player and my nephew loved being the code maker.
9044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Definitely a well made drum.  However, is quite loud...just prepare yourself.  Still going after >1 year of use (2yo and 4yo kids).
At the end of the game, shareholder bonuses are given out to the companies that are on the board and their stocks are traded in for cash. The winner is the player with the most money after that is all said and done.
9092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic quality, great sounds!  This is a fun instrument to introduce to a young toddler or older child, and it's always fun to beat on a drum, never gets old!
(Rube Goldberg was a cartoonist who devised ways of doing simple things in a long, complicated manner.)

BEGINNER'S GUIDE
9805	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Really liked this - would have liked it to be bigger and to have a carrying bag - but other than that - love it.
(This was a fictional story for the amusement of myself and others. My true review is that my daughter loved her elf and we had a lot of fun with it!)
Now I know this is a simple game, but it is supposed to be. It is for children. It is fast paced and it keeps the kids attention. The artwork is cute and is geared towards the young children. They will not only learn to spell from this game but also the names of objects and animals. They will learn to identify these things by picture while also learning to spell and it all being reinforced by all the resources combined. Its really a good learning tool and game.
9079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this for my 2 year old niece and my 8 month old son to play with at their grandma's. We are teaching them music awareness and this works out great. The drum mallets bounce very well and aren't very hard so kid friendly if they accidentally hit one another. The sound isn't as high quality as my more expensive drums that I have for my personal use, but it is great for a kid's drum! So not like those fake drums that hardly give a sound (no matter how you bang them). I've gotten too many of those in the past that kids hate hoping for a good one. However, this one ended up perfect. My niece loved it and was mad when music time was over. I don't think I've seen her sit down in one spot for that long in a while! lol.
3703	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These figures are amazing. I'm a budget collector, and I've never seen such high detail figures for the price. They're made of rubber and hard plastic, and they're not as detailed as something you might buy for $125-$500 dollars, but considering I've purchased these all for $10-$15 on sale, I couldn't recommend them more if you don't have thousands of dollars to have a fun and attractive collection. I love waking up and seeing these on my shelves.


5967	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	No Problem, Thank you!
2802	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought for Pre-K boy whose class mascot is Pete the Cat. Large enough that my husband and I can fit our hands into it. Only one button 'falls off' but the coat opens. Our son is happy with it and the quality of the material is good.

5778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	it was exactly what i needed and i would recommend to any one trying to learn a new language easily
9954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved this for my nephew!
That said, we had a lot of fun playing this game.  Trying to fetch the little pieces with the tweezers (which I had to sometimes manually bend into a better shape) required patience and dexterity.  You have to coax some of the pieces out of the crevices and some the harder items (Writer's Cramp.... Argh!) may take a lot of tries.  The buzzer is an effective way to suprise you while you are deeply concentrating to fetch out the pieces.  We had a lot of laughs!  BTW, older kids and adults played the game too.  This could be a good family bonding game.
After each of the two rounds you score and the one with the most points wins. Simple, but some thinking involved, but not to where one would get analysis paralysis.
8917	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	My 6 year old wouldn't even open the box. She read the description and handed it back to me stating it was for babies. She wasn't in the least interested. STEM club needs more challenging products age appropriate for kids.
1540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	His hat comes off too easy, but love it!
1220	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game.  The instructions were hard to follow so we watched a how to on YouTube and then had a blast.
6985	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	grandson loves it
7757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived as described. Newer design than when i was a kid, but same concept.

9377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 and 1 year old sons love playing this drum.  They play it with both the mallets and their hands.  The sound has a deeper quality and tone, making it not as obnoxious as other toy drums they have.  We've had it for 2 months now and it is holding up great.  I'm happy with it.


Even with such high marks in most every category, I'd say this game isn't for everyone.  If you are a serious strategy-gamer, this probably won't appeal to you.  There is a great deal of luck, dice-rolling, and card-drawing to determine the many outcomes of combat, encounters and events.  On the other side, if you don't particularly like games with a lot of rules and detail, then this won't be your kind of game either.  The rulebook is fairly extensive if you haven't approached a game like this before, and there is a lot of tracking of character and monster stats.  Included are a great many tokens and cards, and sessions CAN last for a couple of hours or more if you are playing the more advanced otherworld scenarios and if you have the max amount of players.  Some gamers salivate at this kind of thing - myself included.  Let me also state that after you play a few rounds of it and run through a few combats, it becomes more familiar and easier.  Moving around on the board is very simple and drawing non-combat encounters and items is also very intuitive.  Mostly, it's the combat where you would need to slow it down a bit and take it step-by-step.

4925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game family favorite
Dungeon Roll is not going to give you a deep sense of tactical strategy since most of the decision-making comes down to whether or not you want to spend your wizard or cleric now, or save it for the combat that may come on the next level. That being said, its unpredictable nature does create some pretty zany scenarios that had our group laughing when one of them pulled out an unexpected victory - or thought a bit too much of their luck and wound up dragon meat by having pushed on one level too far. The directions could use some clarity, but the game itself is an inspired bit of quick fun.

4067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these miniatures, I hate the packaging but that is because it is classic packaging that leaves you struggling to get the item out without damaging the included materials (cards in this case).
507	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was a blast. We had tried Quiddler Jr,, and had a blast with that, so moving up to the next version only made sense. We found that the game was a ton of fun and that you were definitely challenged to think on your feet and come up with words that will bring you to victory.
[...]
9550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids are loving to practice their math home work. It helps me so that I can still ask them questions or they ask me while they have to answer in hand. so we can practice while cooking diner or on the road.
strong pieces, good value - perfectly compatible with our non-brio set.. Will probably be getting some more of these in the future. Good price (i think we got 2 boxes?). Fun stuff, going up and down things! You can flip them over for alternative fittings. We also got the brio 2pc track riser set as supports for these but one of those promptly split in 2.. we found we are just as happy propping these on our mega blocks since they seem just about perfect height for balance. Makes for an interesting and fun colored interaction - trains and blocks!
9349	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend any of the Remo drums.  We have this one and another one. They are great quality and have lasted through the beating my sons give them.
5619	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I Love this Deck. Its definitely one of the more harder decks to play, the rules are a little complicated, and its easy to get lost to the rules lol. But if you can master the rules, and keep on track with whats going on, then you're going to love this game. The game itself can be thrilling, and nerving at times, since it is possible (depending on the rules you play by) that everyone can lose, and Cthulhu could win. Now that is wicked, "Doom Wins." This game really isn't for the faint of heart. This deck is hard! Not really best for a casual play, this game might give you a headache. So of course, this deck is great for veterans, but if you're a casual player or a new person trying to get into the Fluxx, I wouldn't recommend this as your first deck. Maybe Star Fluxx or regular Fluxx is a great place to start.
7155	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We played this at Thanksgiving with multiple generations of family and friends.  It is easy for all ages to play.
5318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this as a gift to my great niece on her 6th birthday.  She opened it and began playing immediately.  A friend said they had the  game and hadn't really ever played by the actual rules yet.  They had adjusted them to fit the ability of her young grandson.  The pieces are sturdy and colorful and they come with a bag to keep it all together.  I haven't gotten to play with my great-niece yet, but I am sure she is enjoying it with her 3 year old brother.

7940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic. Every kid should have.
With all that being said, I have a really big concern about the whole idea behind this "tradition." We did it at our house last year, and unfortunately, we're doing it again this year, although I'm trying to figure out now how to get out of it without crashing my daughter's feelings and destroying the trust that she currently has in us.
When he found out that a new version was available, he was thrilled. This version comes with a wrap around hard cover and wire binding.
Its started making a grating noise at some point, louder even than the usual whine.  The noise went away mysteriously after a couple of days. It quit working after 6 months.  So the 4 stars on durability.  Not too bad given the price and tough usage it had been put through.
Yes, it's a deck-building game!  No wait, it's a role-selection game!  So which is it then?  The correct answer is: both.  Like Dominion, it's a deck-building game - but with other elements.  And like Race for the Galaxy, it's a space-themed role-selection game - but is simpler to play.  The role-selection elements also evoke comparisons with Glory to Rome.  This does mean that the main mechanics are derivative, and feature a mixture of elements from other games, notably Dominion, Race for the Galaxy, and Glory to Rome.  This isn't necessarily a criticism, because the blend works well and makes it sufficiently different to stand on its own.
This will expand from 5 " to 12". The texture is very different and actually not pleasant for me due to having eczema on my hands. I feel it irritates my skin, but luckily both my sons have played with the Hoberman Mini Sphere since I introduced it to them.



8778	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Grandma got this gift for our 18 month old.  The assembly was a little more difficult for me (my husband had to put it together) - the plastic parts are not that cooperative.
2683	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Me and 3 year old grandson love this game. So fun and educational in many areas.
4677	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun for kids
The game offers tons of quests and there's practically in infinite number more online. You could also just make up your own quests. The randomization of encounter and treasure cards keeps things changing. And you can add more heroes, treasure cards, encounter cards and quests by purchasing Ravenloft or the coming Legends of Drizzt board game.
8072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you played this years ago as a child you can rest assured it is the same today! My original version was lost many moons ago and so we purchased this for our 7 year old's birthday. What a blast from the past!
I've been a big fan of Gale Force Nine for a long time now.  I loved Firefly: The Game and Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem, and thought Homeland: The Game was a lot of fun as well.  So I was very excited to see Gale Force Nine get its hands on the Star Trek license.  A great IP and theme married to a developer that had such a fantastic track record made me certain that this game couldn't lose.  The theme of Star Trek comes across very well in this game, but at its heart this is a 4x civilization building game.  Players spread out, search for new areas to colonize, battle each other as they compete for resources, and reap the benefits of their investments.  The thing about Star Trek: Ascendancy is that it does it all so very well.  The way players create the board with the hyperspace lanes is such a cool mechanic its a wonder that no one came up with it before.  The various exploration cards (drawn every time a new system disc is laid down) offer a fun, random quality that adds some great sugar and spice to the game.  The various player abilities and weaknesses, their unique research cards and ascetics really make for some fun dynamics throughout, and the organic evolution of the board is just amazing- no two games will have the same map configuration.  I didn't think anyone was going to improve upon Wizkids' Star Trek: Fleet Captains, which is an amazing Star Trek game that I love.  Star Trek: Ascendancy may have just replaced it, however, as my Star Trek game of choice.  Star Trek: Ascendency is not just a great Star Trek game.  It is a great game period.  If you love the theme you'll get sucked into the game immediately.  If Star Trek isn't your cup of tea, no matter.  The awesome mechanics and thrilling game play will make you a believer.  I love this game!
7762	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered this for my young children, reflecting nostalgically on my own childhood during which I would sit in front of this game board and play with the pieces for what seemed like hours. I was hoping for the same experience for them. Unfortunately they've remade the game where it now reflects that chaotic scenes in children's television programming. The game board is smaller, super crowded, and way too busy. It was difficult to even follow the colored road! I felt overstimulated just glancing at the board. It was really disappointing.
As stated on our podcast Rolling Dice & Taking Names, both my co-host and I kickstarted the game Dungeon Roll and were very excited to receive our game. Overall the game is a good push your luck dice rolling game, with solid components, which in our opinion plays best with three players, but can support four. More than four players can create extended downtime for those at the table between their turns. This game could easily find its way into your filler game spot if you are looking for an alternative to other push your luck dice games.
1100	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game! It's one of our favorites. We take it to all our family gatherings and always enjoy a good game.

6198	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	After trying out several RC helicopters including Airhogs, and other asian brands, the Syma is by far the best and most reliable and controllable. After probably 10 hours of cumulative fight now, the battery doesn't hold an amazing charge, but I can still get 10 minutes of solid fly time in each charge.
9268	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My two and a half year old has been playing with this toy over three days now and he just loves it.  As he has figured out how to play with it on his own he has gained a sense of accomplishment and it is good for fine motor skills as well as learning consequences (if the gears don't mesh, they don't turn, etc.).  It is brightly colored, the sound can be annoying but no more annoying than most other toys.  I highly recommend this toy.
OVERALL SCORE: B
4078	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great Star Wars ships of all time. I love it.
7102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic game I played when I was a child and now I am playing it with my two daughters.  Highly recommend.

8194	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is great for my 3.5 year old.  I totally remember loving this game when I was little and I still love it!  Who doesn't love Candyland? :)
245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game if you like dungeon crawlers. My biggest complaint is that the rules are not very clear on many aspects especially monster movement and placement. Do these monsters walk right into our caltrops?! Of course they do there is nothing specially stating how they move. The game also could be a tad harder as we usually have little to no trouble beating it so I decided to include a picture were we were smashed into the ground by our enemies!
626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great conversation piece!  My daughter uses it with her "little sister" and with her friends.  Some real 'thinkers' in there!
9331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 3yo daughter and was not surprised (I read the reviews) when it arrived and was a "real" drum. I also know someone who has a tambourine by this maker. It is also of excellent quality. It comes with two "drumsticks" so that is also great!
Set 1:
My Play which shows you a movie clip and asks you a question based on the clip;
8326	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought to have at my house for grandchildren.  It's already a favorite.  Old time classic I remember playing as a child.
9407	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Durable enough for a practice tunnel for agility dogs and my grandchildren to play in. Nice length, well thought out fasteners. I purchased this again so I could add to my practice agility course.
9696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves this for her railroad set. it fits the Brio and Thomas Railway sets perfectly. Sturdy and cute!
2132	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun for all the Shakespeare junkies out there
7020	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter because she likes playing grocery store. She's too young to understand the full concept but I think she'll be able to play with this for a long time.
1251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Many friends had recommended Ticket to Ride for our family, and they were right!  We love it!  I wasn't sure if my boys - ages 6 and 8 - would be able to manage it, but they are figuring it out and having a great time.  We started by playing with our cards open on the table and coaching everyone together, so we all learned how to play at the same time.  Now that the boys have sorted out how it plays, they are able to go on their own, and have even developed their own strategies.  It fits great with two Thomas loving boys.
6046	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game. My friends and I really enjoy it. Can be a little slow with a big crowd, but banter more than makes up for that. I can't wait to buy some more tracks for it. I only wish there was storage in the box for more than one track.
3646	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this as a birthday gift for a friend- and they loved it. It's a really good model, but it's quite small. Perfect for a small display (my friend has his on top of his game consoles) and durable if you've got nosy kitties, but not quite what I was expecting.
The game pieces represent the varios starships throughout the years and the questions are relatively detailed and difficult for the Star Trek fan. (Who wants easy questions anyway!)
6906	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Rush Hour is one of those great solitaire games that is fun for all ages. The object is set up the car, and trucks on a board according to a layout on a card. Then you have to slide the cars/trucks into the remaining spaces to allow for a clear path for the red car to exit out the side opening.
6989	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves this toy. She got it for the holidays. Good learning tool.
1634	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	He is perfect and hanging out in my wine bar... Naughty elf getting drunk!
Shaper
4862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time & as described. A very fun & unique game! We love playing it! The bag it comes with is perfect for taking it along on trips.
9441	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have bought every game that this company offers & I love each one. This one takes a bit longer to play then the others, but it's just as much fun. I believe game play has been covered. Yes the pieces are small & not heavy cardboard. However we haven't had any problems with them & we play the games all the time. My oldest son has autism & a game really has to be interesting to keep his focus. He loves & plays all of the Family Pastimes games. He quickly loses interest with a regular roll the dice & move type board game. Please also check out all the other offers from this company. My boys are ages 5 & 7. They can easily play all the Family Pastimes games. As stated the older one is special needs. I was so happy to finally find a set of games that he enjoys so we can do something together as a family. I suggest these games to those who have children who are high functioning autistic & ADHD. (of course I suggest them for normal functioning children as well)

2434	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Very flimsy board is very weak
This is a delightful gift for young believers.
The cards for the Imperial Assault (IA) game, however, are a bit of a mixed bag. The Imperial Entanglements Side Mission Card and the Quickdraw Holster Reward (once a round, allows the targeted figure to interrupt and counterattack) are VERY powerful; the command cards generally affect movement (and taking the initiative), and do have their place at the correct time and in the right hands.
I like that it's a relatively quick game with a definite end. Some games (like monopoly)  are great but there's the potential for it to run very, very long. When this game promises to be done in about an hour, it carries out that promise. Lots of replay value here because there are numerous routes. At the same time, it's an easy game to learn, so you can teach a new bunch of people how to play in just a few minutes.
6096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Used it with FMS on windows (XP, Win7) and CRRCsim on linux (debian jessie, crunchbang).  Also tested with RF3.5, AF, CV, and Ph3 but the reader is on their own with those.
2843	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great size for a toddler, soft and cute. One of my grandson's favorite characters.
8614	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I love this game just as much as our 6-year-old. Educational, fun, and lots of fun for our entire family! A++ from all of us!
2163	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	WE LOVE THIS BOX!! Great idea for them to make it so you can consolidate everything into one amazing set.
Either way, this toy has been a pleasure for me.  The children play with it gently too, which is a rarity for toys in our house.
849	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this for the kids for Christmas and it is a super big hit! Lots of fun. The youngest that plays it is 9 , so it works well for younger kids too.
8848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is fantastic!! Wonderful quality and sound. Especially for a wee one just learning. My daughter loves this drum!!! It's fun to teach her rhythm. And she likes to "go wild" on it. Very sturdy!!
Let me tell you about Taboo: 1. It kills time! 2. Sooooooooooooo much FUN... that sometimes you lose time laughing instead of helping your team :-) 3. It gets those small minded people very annoyed, mad and angry when they lose or fail... which I enjoy :-) 4. You lose control... 5. Very challenging if played between good teams. 6. Once you start you can never stop playing it.
9698	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	It is so small. Don't buy it. The butterflies won't be able to fly around in it. I purchased this product several times over the past few years and it used to be bigger and better. I am so sad at how small and expensive it is now. I love the quality of the product, but the size has just gotten ridculously small.


- Not a lot of replay value after a few sessions

787	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful family game

6878	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a gift and the little girl we got it for loved it per her mother. Great family game.
6559	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great and challenging game. small enough to take with you without taking up any space.

1868	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	THANX

6396	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ordered it for an office event , good quality doll.
1458	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Saw this game on Wil Wheaton's Tabletop series on youtube and decided to pick it up for family game night... so glad we did! First night provided hours of fun.  My kids (ages 6-10) were able to understand the concept (although my 6 y/o still needed a little help with names on the routes), they were able to keep track of points easily and were even competing for longest route at the end of the night.

2087	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great and cute story and my kids actually behaved very well. They woke up every morning and asked to look for their elf. I think this works great for kids 3 and over.
9960	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it to take camping when our baby was 9 months old. We used it for outdoor naps. Roomy and comfy. Great way to keep baby safe and out of the sun.
So, what else should you know about the game at this time? You need at least two players to play. You only need one core set to start (this box), but I've seen intense players purchase two or three for various reasons. There will be future expansions to the game, but the core set usually remains permanently legal in play until a new edition (considering the second edition took over a decade to come out, that is a long time). It is a Fantasy Flight Living Card Game, so there are tournaments at many Friendly Local Gaming Stores and gaming conventions (GenCon, etc...).
4107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My siblings and I are big Adventure Time fans, and we were all very happy with this game. The cards fit in standard trading card protectors, which I recommend buying. They're cheap, and will let you enjoy this game for years without harming the mathematical artwork.

Don't let words like finance, shareholders, stock, or merger scare you away. The game is so easy, my six year-old daughter is able to play (with help)--and do well! A great, original game. My friends (who aren't finance majors) love it.
1.  As crisis management games go, there are better products out there.  ex - Pandemic
Highly recommended!
3512	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This box is a easy to learn way to get into tabletop rpg gaming. It contains everything you need for a quick game. Plus you can go to the paizo website and download additional things that expand the playability of the original. I've bought this product for 2 of my friends and their kids and they love it.
The game comes with predetermined heroes, from which each player chooses.  Each has unique abilities, with cards to remind you of the damage, healing or characteristic of abilities.  The dungeon is created from tiles that are randomly selected as the game progresses.  Each dungeon tile explored has either a random monster, random encounter, or both.  Monsters are "handled" by the player that drew them, but they come with an attack strategy.  While the monster cards are not that great to look at, they do give a fairly detailed attack strategy that allows the player to determine which hero the monster attacks or other actions a monster may do (ex. Kobolds love to go looking for help from their friends).  The monster and hero figures are high quality, but are unpainted.  If you desire to paint the figures, do some web searching and you will quickly find a vast community of gamers willing to help you.  My kids and I were ecstatic to find that our monsters from the Dungeon Command series were compatible with WoA.  Mixing our monster cards from Dungeon Command into the monster deck from WoA makes things even more challenging.  There's nothing more intimidating than revealing you chamber monsters and realizing you have to face an Ogre and a Dracolich, along with the baddies already in play.
*Director Haas (2.5)  Director Haas Pet Project (3.5)

-html link so you can download the FREE remainder of the provided storyline
4. Takes only 15-20 minutes to play a game.


6303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as pictured, fast shipping, and very cute!
5589	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this variation on Fluxx.  If you're a pirate fan, like talking like a pirate, and like Fluxx, you owe it to yourself to grab this variation and introduce it to your friends.  Getting everyone to play with pirate speak is great fun!
What's in the box? In addition to the plastic figure, you get 1 red deployment cards (the same one that comes in the base game). You also get 6 command cards and 2 skirmish mission cards for use with the skirmish game (all new), and 1 side mission card and 1 reward card for the campaign game (also new). It also includes the rules sheet with all the info that will let you use run the skirmish missions and/or campaign components.
1186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a FANTASTIC family game.
9007	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	didn't stay linked in a ring, difficult to keep the appropriate amt of water in them to make them whistle.  We tossed them.
The stylus crayon worked, but not the way I wished. It has a rubbery tip and I wish it would slide along my iPad screen a little better, but my daughter didn't notice or care. The worst part is that my daughter decided to put the crayon in her mouth and bit it on the tip so it does not work pretty much at all anymore. However, the app works just fine without the crayon stylus and she still has the coloring book to use real crayons on.
Overall I am super happy.  It's basic but solid and comes with the money, which is nice.  I definitely recommend it!
XCOM: The Board Game is tough, but fun and a great game for fans of the original XCOM computer game. I strongly recommend you play with a larger number of players since juggling more than one role can get pretty dizzying at times.
5602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Star Fluxx is fun in that it is unpredictable - the games can swing suddenly. It's also fairly simple - the rules are: draw a card, play a card (at least until someone plays a card that changes the rules). Not a whole lot of room for strategic depth, but it's fun. Fits in a small backpack pocket nicely. Nerdy sci-fi references are definitely fun, if that's your thing.
715	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	When I first heard about Days of Wonder's newest game, Ticket to Ride (Days of Wonder, 2004 - Alan Moon), I was excited. But how could I not be - for all of Days of Wonders games so far have been fabulous, and it seems that each successive game gets better and better. And Alan Moon with a train game (shades of Union Pacific) sounded like a winning combination. I had an opportunity to play the final version of the game, and was quite impressed with how the game looked.
3867	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3311	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A friend of mine had this game and all the expansions when he came over to play it with us.  He had spent time to paint all the character pieces and it was a stunning display.  I was so impressed that I bought it.
4187	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bombs and missiles....in space!
A lot of assets from the show are used in the game, and it feels like a homerun for fans of the show, and still a pretty fun, gritty game with a unique premise if you're not a fan of the show.  Worth a look at it's 'budget' price point.
1226	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My brother bought this game for my then-6-year-old daughter, and it immediately became her favorite game EVER. Having said that, I also completely agree with other reviewers who have stressed that the age recommendation of 8+ is accurate. However, if you have a "gifted" child with an insatiable hunger for new and better challenges, then by all means give this game a go with your 6 or 7 year old, but they'll need to have an astonishingly long attention span or the whole endeavor will turn out poorly. This game is actually fun and engaging for adults as well as children, so if the kids aren't ready for it yet, it's not a total loss. I'll never play Monopoly or Life again; I've been thoroughly converted to more ambitious games, thanks to Ticket To Ride!

9519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with this
5633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun game.  Quick games (sometimes).  It's nice to have a few versions of FLUXX to switch between.
2939	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute. My son loves them.
4706	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An awesome fun and educational play set. Ideal age range would be 8-13 yrs.

6973	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Stratego is a war game, but involves hidden ranks, unlike most others.  The goal is to get the flag.  Both players set up their army of 40 pieces, hidden from their opponent's view.  Players move, battles being one by the higher ranking man.  There are bombs, which can only be diffused by miners.  Spies can defeat marshalls.  There are 12 ranks / things in all.  The set up allows for several strategies.  You can create a decoy flag, put your higher ranking men in front, whatever.  This game is unpredictable because of the various strategies and easy to learn.  I suggest this for anyone who likes strategy board games.
4793	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year old had started asking me about internal organs and where they are in the human body, so I got him this.  He thought it was the coolest thing ever, and now he knows where all those icky guts are.
Trouble is still one of our favorite games to play.  You can easily take the normal size trouble game and pegs to travel with.
6492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great kids game, easy to play, instant classic
1902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as advertised!
4019	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why my expectations were so low on this product. Frankly, I've been playing RPGs since I was 14 which would be the summer of 1979. Back then RPGs products were crap. I recently decided it would be fun to play some of these games again so I picked up this because I really liked the theme of it and the videos FFG did really won me over. Overall this screen is well made (boardgame quality construction for the screen) and the content of information on it is perfect for anyone not familiar with the conventions of this game which will be about 90% of their customers since so much of it appears to be new.
4099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a 3x3 foot square rubber mat with a starfield printed on one side, perfect for playing games that involve miniature space ships, such as "Star Wars: X-Wing."  I bought this as an anniversary gift for my husband and he was thrilled when he got it!
58	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really cute!!! My 9yr old and I have made lots of pom poms. Best of all, theres no mess to clean up and it could be done in the car, etc too.  Love it!
Fortunately, it went over well with everyone.  The birthday lad loved it.  His wife liked it (winning the first round helped), and found the tentacles were small enough not to bother her.  Ahem.  My SO and I tolerated it well, though it's not going to hit our favorites any time soon.  Best of all, it's short.
9280	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My four-year-old son wanted a drum (and a violin) for his birthday. We settled on this one, and he loves it. It is well made, and is not flimsy. The mallets are easy to hold and are sizeable. This is definitely a good purchase. As an aside, my 9-month-old daughter also loves this drum too, and instinctively knew how to use both mallets to drum on the drum already. Very impressed with Remo, and will look at other products offered by them.
7381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	daughter loves this at 16 years old...
-After you get one bone in place and start to pick up the body case to maneuver it to get another bone or muscle in place, the first bone often pops out.
7903	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning toy.  Makes a great gift.  Has nice pictures on blocks for baby to look at.  Nice box to store them in.  Would recommend it.
7368	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful well-made toy. My children love, and they will have fun for years to come with it.
3455	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 10 month granddaughter loves this...Nice and colorful...light...and interactive.
7083	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Like many other people, I too played this game as a child and have great memories of teaching my younger brother and little cousins how to play.  It incorporates learning the colors and taking turns.  This newer version however incorporates more of a story with actual characters to it which was not in my version (I am a child of the 70's) and I found that part to be unnecessary and a bit confusing.  This tends to be a good game for 4-5 year olds and I would definately consider it to be a rite of passage that any child learn to appreciate this game.
3533	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There are 24 sheets of these.  They're very cute!
8638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the kids love this!
3335	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my husband for Christmas. He's big into board games and literally has a huge book shelf filled with them in his "man cave" (i.e. the garage to keep them away from our small kids). I'm...not. Although it was surprisingly easy to learn and fun to play.
5183	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family loves this game!  From my 5 year old to mom and dad.
4250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We like to play this game with friends and family members who have some familiarity with Monty Python. (For some reason everything about the game gets lost with those who don't.) We've owned the game for three or four years now and it has brought us great fun and enjoyment. Because the rules keep changing during the course of the game, every game is different and it never gets boring. Sometimes we get a bit confused as to what rules are in play or how certain rules should be applied. But then one of us starts singing The Lumberjack Song or Eric the Half a Bee and we all have a good laugh. It makes for a great evening of entertainment.
3034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great!
5 of 5. If all players know the rules somewhat well (what each turn consisted of) a game can be as quick as 2.5 hours or as long as 4+. Our first game was 4 hours (not including setup and pickup time) and that's with us checking the rulebook every round or so to make sure we're doing it right and we ate a pizza. This game is fun, some people complain about downtime, but I think it's important to watch what the others do as it can affect your following actions. Like you might want to explore, but you really should build up defenses (we all lost our home worlds to each other). I highly recommend this game if you like strategic board games.

3467	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you run a Pathfinder game, you NEED this!!!
and Dad had fun using the concept during the Holidays.
3568	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very cute & good price! A little small but fine for favors. Seem to be good quality, nice colors. M
1375	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride: 2-5 Players, Ages 8+, Average Play Time = 45-60 Minutes
7225	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game
8174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter was so happy to receive this original game from her childhood for Christmas.
1791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Santa delivered this just in time and our little elf was a happy addition to our family...3 years after we bought him! The Elf on the Shelf prefers children of a less handsy age, so I recommend inviting the little guy in when kids are at least 5 years old or up
1098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had heard about this game so i defiantly wanted to pick it up and it did not let me down. It is very fun. It is a strategy game but its easy to pick up. I've had friends play it who aren't into board games and they really enjoyed it. Great game to pick up
Definitely a GREAT game.
The little grandkids will have fun next year because they don't know *I* have it and when they come over they will think their elf (they have the same boy scout) is really watching them. They'll wonder how they left their house and saw it there and came here and walked in to see it waiting for them. It will just a little wonder, magic, fun to the holiday season. Remember, the elf leaves Christmas Eve (goes with Santa) so this is one decoration that isn't out Christmas Day or after. (Don't understand? The book explains everything!) I can't wait to see the expressions on their faces!

Quiddler is a true family game game that will certainly challenge even the smartest. You can take this game on the road, camping or even flying and have a great time. For those on a price consciuos budget, this game fits right in.
7812	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my son as a first game, and I've played it with him, as well as his younger sister, who is now 4 years old.  I cringe every time they want to play this game.  The board is so busy looking, and the slides cover squares that you need to count as you land on or pass by.  It's confusing to kids about which way they're to go on the board (first they go left, then they go up, then they go right, etc.)  I constantly have to help them count squares that are covered over by the slides, et al, tell them which direction to go, etc.  This is not one of the best counting games out there.  Try Hi Ho Cherry-O.  MUCH better game!


 Balance
Highly recommend!

1037	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this game based on all the good reviews.  Just sold it for cheap at a yard sale. Hard to figure out and nobody in our family liked it.
If you don't have kids you can still purchase it and have fun. Us adults like to have fun too and let our inner child out every now and again.
8495	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We absolutely love this game!!! Our 5 year old daughter loves it and unlike some games for kids, we all really enjoy playing it as a family! Some memory, some adding and lots of fun!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKM2R5EOJZs
Theme-I'll be honest.  I've played this game a lot, but, I didn't read the story until I finally bought the game.  The story reinforces the theme decently and helps makes the title "Ticket to Ride" make sense.  Some of the mechanics don't quite reinforce the theme as once you have a route it doesn't leave the board.  Do you get to keep the tickets you have for that route in the game?  Do you get to keep riding the trains for free?  Why can't other players ride the same train as me?  It's not perfect, but I do feel like I'm busy trying to make it across America as fast as I can. 3.5/5
7848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love candy land, especially the 3 and 6 year old. It's easy to play and they love it!
2462	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	the locking tile board is the reason I bought this.  the tiles don't get bumped out of their spot if the board is moved.
*Cerebral Overwriter (3.5) Normally Im not a huge fan of traps.  They are hard to pull off.  But the payoff for this one makes it worth the effort.
7929	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great toy, the play money looks real enough to be used as a teaching tool. My kids age six and four beg to play with this one and its getting my 4 yr. old boy interested in math.
8975	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I was disappointed in that the various rings do not hook together well at all.  Half of the dolphins do not make more than the slightest squeek.  For the cost of the toy, it was a huge letdown.  Don't bother with this one.
809	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Great game. But the board is so severely warped that it's practically unplayable.
With a battery, that is not safe at all.
Execution- I like what comes in this box.  However, I have to whine about two things.  1-Stickers!  Tasty Minstrel Games loves to add stickers to wood.  It's not as bad as say Village or Belford, but I hate having to put that on my stuff.  2-The card sleeves are nice, but I can't fit my game into the game box now.  I'd like the box to be a bit bigger to accommodate the sleeved cards.  Normally, card sleeves wouldn't be a problem as there something extra I'm adding to the game, but Tasty Minstrel Games gave out card sleeves as part of the kickstarter.  So, these are company provided.  Those things said, I do like how this game is done overall.  I like the art, the iconography, and even the wooden components.  Just give me some premade components as well as a bigger box, and I'd be thrilled! 4.5/5
a) a more luxurious feeling fabric (softer)
2870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love llama llama and so does my 2 year old daughter. She has had llama llama for about a year and he is still in great condition.  My only complaint is that my daughter took off llama llama's pajamas and the  stuffed bear became unattached. The bear is small so I am afraid we are going to lose it. I wish there was velcro or something to keep it attached.
1912	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this was a gift for my grandson.  Heard great things about it from friends.  Hope he enjoys it.
3870	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	awesojme models love it!

9586	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good for the beach. May fly away if not anchored Properly
9429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This percussion is like a real one, just made for children. Excellent quality. Love the sound. My son loves it. Will be very difficult for him to break it (and he is a professional in breaking stuff).
519	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a blast if you enjoy word puzzles and such. Competitive gameplay that's great for just two or for larger groups. The basic goal is to use up all of your cards in each hand to spell words of three or more letters each--the catch being that each round you add another card to your hand, so you have that many more letters both to use and to puzzle over how to use. My wife and I love this for date nights at home.

7432	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game! Gets old pretty quick unless you have a bunch of people playing.
550	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cards have great art work-good game for young spellers or not so wordy person-so, best if played with same educational level
Update: 4 yrs old and still like new!
A few problems though. It would be very nice if it was in a plastic case, that way I wouldn't have to keep taping the boxes which always seem to get broken. Also, the maekers used for keeping your place are in two pieces. It consists of a card with a boy/girl on it and a plastic piece to hold it up. I wish it were all one piece so that they wouldn't fall apart all the time when you go to move your marker. That's all though.
2) Among the lessons our kids learned from CandyLand: taking turns, recognizing colors, and dealing with disappointment.  Luckily, the games are quick enough that it is usually possible to play multiple games in one seting.  This makes it possible to keep playing until each child has had at least one win.  (Very helpful for managing little egos)


6208	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for a as gift for a 6 year old. It keeps him busy and happy for hours. Great price
5190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great thinking & strategy game. It comes with a muslin fabric bag that holds the pieces & the instruction sheet (for when the cardboard box gets all torn). It's really quick to learn, but fun to play again & again. My 7 year old can play this and we have a great bonding time. Highly recommend!
3773	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Roleplaying games can be one of the most rewarding experiences for new and old players alike.  Instead of getting your digital kick by movie or videogames, you turn on the most powerful machine ever: your mind!  For those uninitiated, RPG's, the traditional pencil and paper type, put you into the role of a hero in a fantasy or sci-fi setting along with any friends you choose to share in the experience.  Since it says Beginner in the title, let's look at it from the beginner's perspective.
5378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 10 year old LOVES this game!  Grandma and Mom like to play too.  My 6 year old can play with help.  Great family game and makes the kids think.
5. Once your toddler has understood the concepts of the game, the fun part starts. You, as a father (or mother) need to figure out a way to put the cars that:
I heard people originally getting this game for around $40-50 even without the Kickstarter and I personally can't find it anywhere at that price (including shipping) and to be honest.  Paying $70 for this game is definitely worth every penny.  I didn't even mention that this game has expansion packs that add strikers (similar to assist in Marvel Vs Capcom) and even more characters and arenas and you can tell that this game is definitely going to last a long time on my shelf.
7174	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A wonderful family game
6231	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Ok, this is the 2nd one of these I bought.  Sent the first one back because one prop would never stop spinning.  This one the headlights stopped working in the first 3 minutes of flight. And no, it was not because of a crash. But speaking of crashing, this unit is nowhere near as stable as the Hubsan X4.  Now, you put THAT one in a protective cage like this and you would really have something.  Here, all you have is a cage that protects the flying unit, but the flying unit is not very good to begin with.
9818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids loved it with the diff shapes and colors
8288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	kids love it!
3968	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Was happy to get this. Great game. Adds variety and great content. Two great old ones, I like Ithaqua the best. If you like Eldritch Horror, you won't be sad. I would get this.
6240	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The truck is nice and very stable and powerful with dual motors on each axle but the steering knuckles are plastic and will break with any serious crawling. You can use the ST Racing Concepts STA80004G Aluminum Steering Knuckles for The Axial AX10 as replacements. We replaced all four knuckles so if we want to add the rear steering servo in the future we won't have to deal with broken knuckles on the rear. Front and Rear are the same. One other thing that takes away from 5 stars is that the 3mm screws are just threaded into the plastic mounting holes cutting their own threads so when you remove the screws sometimes you take out the threads with them. Too bad the factory did not pre thread the holes. So consider a 3mm Tap and 3mm helicoil repair kit if you plan on any modifications.

Most of them didn't move at all.  l gave it a few days, but it was clear, out of 10, only one was moving, eating and growing.  That one did end up being a chrysalis and turning into a butterfly.  The other 9 were clearly dead on arrival.
848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun!
5638	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like this version, but I don't love it. My favorite Fluxx version is Star Fluxx, but this is a close second. I've read a good deal of Lovecraft but for anyone who isn't familiar with his mythos are bound to be confused. My husband struggles to remember what cards go together and doesn't enjoy it as much as our other versions.
9100	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Always popular family classic game. Excellent for kids having a bit of trouble in 3rd-5th grade math but fun for all ages and easy to learn.  Game takes max. 15 minutes.
If you bought the beginner box, you already have these, but if you're joining the FFG Star Wars fray with the Gamemaster and Players books then you will need these dice.
5288	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love the game, but my kids don't so much. They would rather play Spot It or UNO or SkipBo or regular Dominos.

9207	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This product consisted of a plastic bottle, some ply-wood, some cellophane, and some silvery paper. The cellophane and paper were for "decorating" the bottle, but were very difficult to apply - and the directions didn't help at all. Couldn't complete the job at one sitting because had to buy an x-acto knife first. So we ended up with an ugly looking plastic bottle. Making it blast off was easy, just as we could have done with a plane plastic bottle. Very disappointing.
491	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	real learning tool for kids to have fun at the same time
I cant think of anything bad to say that I haven't already said.  Its a great game that has done much good for the industry and I trust the makers are raking in mega bucks with all their spin offs.  If people are willing to pay, they deserve it.  Ah, the beauty of capitalism.  I guess there are eccentric people out there, who are happy to shell out another $35 to $50.
In every single category, the Pathfinder box clearly trumps the D&D 4th Edition set, with the lone exception of price.  I hate to say it, but this is another example of "you get what you pay for", as when you buy the Pathfinder Beginner's Box, you'll still likely find use in the two guidebooks, flip-mat, and pawn-figures for months to come, if not longer.  If you give the Beginner Box to a couple of 12 year old boys, they may be able to entertain themselves through many play sessions with only what's included in the box.  If you bought them the 4th Edition Red Box, they would likely be amused for a few hours before either becoming bored or clammoring for the next product in the D&D essentials line (the more expensive Dungeon Master's Kit).
2972	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are adorable and go perfectly with the book. My son insists on using them as I read. They are very well made and fit snuggly on his fingers.

270	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The short, short, version: Wrath of Ashardalon is exactly what it says on the box--a D&D boardgame. If that seems too obvious to be worth stating, read on.
6952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought as present for granddaughter who loves it
7129	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this game and enjoyed it for a while, but it can get a bit boring after 5 or so games in a row. After 5 games, we pack it away until tomorrow.
4429	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh my gosh, such a fun game!! Perfect for the whole family to play or with friends. We have a 6 year old who's learning to put words together, and this is a great game even for him to play! Lots of fun!!!
5120	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Qwirkle rage is a thing in our house.  This game is great because you can play lightheartedly or cut-throat.  It is fast and easy to teach/learn.  Also have bought a few of these for gifts that were well-received.
6835	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A smaller edition,  more like the editions of the past.  It is smaller, color scheme easy on the eyes and has storage for the parts.  Can be kept cleen as it is plastic.
3736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We struggled at first to learn the rules and basic concepts but now my wife and I have been playing nonstop and are loving this game. I think everyone else's experience with this game has been similar and I highly recommend it.
829	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the game. It's a good game to play with friends. There's strategy and also some luck which always allows the game to be different every time!
4915	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our children love it!! Great game!! Encourages quick and logical thinking.
6874	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This classic game has been around for decades, but it still provides good old-fashioned fun.  No lights, no sound effects, just one player trying to stump another.

1753	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	the book is nice and the whole concept is pretty good. however, i don't like the fact that my child wants to act so much better when there's supposedly a magic elf.. darn kid should be good all the time! ha. anyway, it's fun and easy to think of even VERY simple ideas for the elf to go. however i wish the hands had velcro or something because having his hands sewn together makes things tricky.

8622	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Pretty cool!!
The only issues we've had with this app is that sometimes it has a bit of delay (about 3 seconds) and sometimes my two year old cant bring up one of the menu options by herself but neither of those issues is bothersome enough to take off a star. We love this app!
6763	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Still a great game. Like I remember.  Well made and nice design.
1044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great GAME! so much fun for all.
Update:
2075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	She named ours 'Nelf' the Elf. I know, not too crazy, but hey, she's two. But it's so much fun to read the book to her and then move Nelf all over the house everyday and have him get into some mischief. Sometimes I forget about him when my wife hides him until my daughter comes running in to tell me she found him. It's a lot of fun for everyone. The book is well written and it's going to be a great tradition for years. If you love your kids, get the Elf on the Shelf. But just don't name him Nelf. Thats already taken.
3734	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	The only useful thing this set has are the dice, everything else is just meh. Save your money from this and get the main rulebook (which you still need anyway) and a set of dice then make up your own adventure, you will enjoy it so much better


8990	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love this product. It's excellent quality for price. A real drum.

1750	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly. And in perfect shape. My kid loves this. We search for the elf in the book and he loves finding him around the house. This is such a cute tradition. Great price too
6220	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Got this for my son for Christmas the truck is built well. Has held up to lots of abuse. But as kids are it has got broke, finding parts is a nightmare. On Amazon its not clear on the a arm I need, nitrorcx wants 2 buck for the part but 17 bucks to ship. I want to like the truck but parts are a joke. If I could get parts for a good price and easy to get I would give it 5 stars.
2894	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If your child likes the llama llama books, then you HAVE TO BUY this plush llama llama doll! It is absolutely adorable. My daughter loves hers!
852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift but I'm told its excellent

1682	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Came with everything!
6400	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very nice toy. Kids love playing with the pretend money. I would highly recommend this toy. I bought this for 3 yr old twins.
8421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have an in-home child care and I always encourage board games or card games over video games.  Mousetrap has been around for generations and there has to be a reason for that.  It's FUN!  The kids enjoy building the game almost as much as they do running the ball through the "Rubes Goldberg" set up.  Lots of fun for the kids.  Would recommend.
You get a gamesmaster book in glorious full color containing the parts of the game the GM needs to master and the bestiary, along with oodles of advice presented in such a beginner-friendly format I reckon the only downside is a veteran GM will feel a little underwhelmed by the cartoony, easy-peasy approach to the material compared with the no-nonsense full rulebook. But hey, the experienced GM is not who this set was aimed at. Read accordingly. Everything you need to run a game on this set's terms is in here and presented in a way that makes uptake easy. There's also an introductory adventure.
6419	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I used to play this game as a kid and it was just how I remembered it. Love it and in good condition.

Everyone takes 7 tiles to start.

9711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great quality. Have older sets of train parts that have been handed down through numerous families so very durable and the kids love them. Ages 2 thru oldest grand daughter of 9.
2492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love scrabble!
Most actions in the game are resolved with a varying number of XCOM dice and the Alien Die. XCOM dice are six-sided dice with only two faces that represent successes. The Alien Die is an 8-sided die that interacts with the level of threat for that particular roll. You typically select a number of dice based on the resources involved in the roll (e.g. number of interceptors, number of satellites, number of soldiers). The Alien Die is also rolled and compared to the current threat level. You keep rolling until you attain the needed number of successes or the Alien Die is equal to or less than the current threat level. You are allowed to re-roll your dice as many times as you want per task, but every re-roll causes the threat level of go up by one to a maximum of five.
7069	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!!!
9628	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a very cute railway crossing component to add to your wooden railway sets!  The nice thing across all of these wooden railway products is that they are compatible to one another!  And they are very good quality!  I would not hesitate to purchase additional BRIO products!
7052	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughter loves this.  I bought this for her 4th birthday.  She likes to play store.
For kids, though, this is perfect. Sort of makes me wish I was a nanny so I had kids I could play with.
What I like about it is that she is able to use it like a bank.  Regular money fits in here.  She collected her allowance today and put it right in there.
3477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Filled with charts so you don't have to crack a book so often.
This one is a keeper.
I gave this toy a 5 star because it is super fun to play with any age kid.  And I do mean ANY age.  It became the adult game during shared family dinners with firends.  Then we let the kids play.  They just could not stand seeing us have that much fun.  Now that we incorporated the kids and I am talking ages 3-10 its even more fun.  We have ammended the first play of the game rules a bit.  And we play "nice" or "to the death."  Nice is when we try to make the perfect game board with as many "Qwirkles" as possible.  As for "to the death" its mean and selfish plays that benefit that player at that moment.  Either way its a hoot.  It's as stratigic as you want to make it.
If you've never played Candy Land, it's very simple. Up to 4 players play on the board, which is drawn out like a map for Candy Land. Your goal is to make it to the king's candy castle by drawing cards. Each card will have one color, two colors, or a character on it. If you draw a color, you move your character to the closest square of that same color. If it's a two color card, you move two spaces. If it's a character, you move forward or back to that location. You can also lose a turn by landing on one of the few spaces made for that. See? Very simple!
Reviews of the "other elf" said that the story book that comes with the elf is very harsh. I didn't want my sons to be fearful of the elf. Christopher has a very sweet story about a curious elf who wishes to see real children. Behavior of the children is mentioned only once and very briefly.
7439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great cash register but be aware that the toy coins are quite small. My 4 year old was upset that I had to put them up so younger siblings wouldn't have access.
3869	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great

9597	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend this product. We purchased it for the beach. It was perfect. Not too big, not too small. Very easy to install and break down. It is the perfect size when it is popped out and when it breaks down it is not too big so it is easy to store. I would recommend this for anyone who is heading to the beach or to the ball park. Perfect to keep your baby safe from the sun!

5413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are seniors and always looking for good games to keep our minds clear.  This is great. The blocks are very durable and the reds or oranges are a little hard to see apart.  But, game itself is great; and sure makes the cob webs get out of our heads.  We just count the qwirkles and not each tile row; but still much fun.
1331	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had no idea this was a board game until my friend introduced me to the greatness that is the Days of Wonder company.  I usually play this every few weeks.  The setup is pretty simple but you definitely have to plan ahead to win at this game.  I'm looking forward to buying some of the expansion packs.


1383	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I lose games of luck, can't get a break.  But strategy games I love, and this is one of my favorites!
3379	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A little lightheartedness on the often challenging pathways of life.
1825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Kids love ir
241	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great! Thank you.

4092	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	nice game area, rolls up for storage and rolls out nice and flat--not curled
8520	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Eh. Not that much fun.
7044	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Who knew this toy register would also be a helpful tool for learning lower school math!  We put real money in it so it would help our kid learn the difference between the change coins.  We pretend to hold Shopkins sales, so she totals the purchases and gives change!!!  Play-based learning is a WIN-WIN!!!!
I didn't get much farther than him during some quiet time I had.  Mensa member, I am not.  But it was the pleasure of the pursuit.  The a-ha moment of getting the car out.  Apparently I need to work on my spatial skills.
For the most part I had forgotten all of the rules from my previous times playing it, but the rules in this edition have been cleaned up, and made more elegant. The manual also includes a fair amount of examples and clarifications.
6624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A gift for my 10 year old granddaughter who is into Brain teaser games.  This was a good addition to her other games. She got past the beginner puzzles quickly, but as it got more difficult, she was inspired & determined to solve the puzzles.  Should provide fun hours of solving the puzzles & boosting brain power !!  Good tactile game for the brain !!

Even though I also play quite complex and multi-layered board games, I've never not had fun with Ticket to Ride. It plays quickly, and even the slowest to learn players pick up on how to do well in just a couple rounds.
+ Perfect for play with kids or inexperienced gamers
During the game you will have the opportunity to silent bid on the three tracks when the "Clash of Kings" card appears during the Westeros phase. The first track is the Iron Throne Track which determines the order players go in and allows who ever holds this token the ability to break ties outside of combat. The Fiefdoms Track allows whomever holds the "Valyrian Steel Blade" to win all combat times and add +1 to their combat strength. This may only be used once per turn. The King's Court Track determines the amount of special order tokens available to each player. It also allows the holder of the "Messenger Raven" token to change on of his or her orders that was placed before the action phase begins and the order tokens are revealed.
1988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my niece and nephew! A new Christmas tradition for them. The book is super cute and has already been read well over 30 times. They love the elf. I do not think he looks "creepy" at all. Super sweet and cute more like it. He has tight stitching and a detailed face. This is just a fun and creative was to countdown to Christmas. Makes each of the mornings exciting. The elf comes in many different eye colors, skin colors and even in girl. However makes it a little more difficult to pick just one, I had a brown eyed boy and blue eyed girl. We settled on the blue eyed boy, a little from each. Plus elves have just always been boys in my mind ;)

Game play for us has lasted between 15 and 30 minutes depending on how many players we have. One thing that has added to our enjoyment was to print out some of the fan made play mats that are available online. A play mat isn't necessary, but one that has a nice theme and artwork can add a little atmosphere while giving you well defined areas for placing the dice as they are used throughout the game.
1487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I like the idea of a game, but I like Europe version much more than this one. Less relying on a lack and more on making decisions.
My grand-children ages 19mo, 3yrs and 6 yrs just absolutely love playing on this drum. We play all kinds of music and nursery rhyme songs and they find a way to incorporate the drum....so cute and I love it that they get enjoyment out of it..their smiling little faces tell it all.
2852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable and perfect for little hands. I think my 2 and 1/2 year old grandson will love it. We will see on Valentines day.
3572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	For the price, I think the stickers are adorable and they stick well.  We have used them for craft projects for my young toddler.  I would buy them again.  I also thought the quantity was good for the price.
It is also very flexible in terms of game length, you can play a single lap in some 20 minutes, or can plan for a full racing season that may take a full day if you desire. Also it is very flexible in terms of number of players, as it can be 2-10. I have even played it solo (practice mode?) and even then is quite fun. You can also play with "stock cars" or can even make your custom ones.
If you're familiar with WFRP3, another plus is that these rules simplify and improve upon those rules quite a bit. On the other hand, though, I actually miss the action cards, which I really liked. But if you want you can go buy some blank playing cards and print your own action cards for the characters' active talents (which is what has replaced action cards for the most part) onto sticker paper and cut 'em out, stick 'em on your blank cards, and there you go. I also am not as crazy about the more constrained Destiny Point system that has replaced the more open and free-flowing Fortune Point system that allowed the GM to reward players and entice them to take chances by rewarding them with Fortune Points. Instead you roll up a number of Light Side Destiny Points and Dark Side Destiny Points at the beginning of each session; when players spend their Points they go to the GM and become Dark Side Points, and when the GM spends his for the bad guys they go to the players and become Light Side Points.
Lots of fun.
291	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	However, the game was actually in better shape than some I've ordered that came in boxes, as there was no damage whatsoever.  So possibly this is a good way to send games, but I was a bit puzzled by it when it arrived.  Either way, it worked this time, and the game arrived well within the expected time frame for delivery.
7108	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids like to play 'store', and this is a nice little register.  The play money is full-sized, and the coins have a good heft to them.  The credit card slot actually beeps, which my kids like, although they try to 'swipe' it through instead of sliding it and stopping.  The register opens with a satisfying 'ding'.
3926	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Purchase
4775	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Concept is great, but does NOT work. "Organ"izer is cute, parts are ewie and squishy, fun to put together . . . oh, that's where it breaks down, literally. You can't put this together. The parts do not stay in place, so you can not assemble this and then stand it up on display. You can put the parts in, but then that's it. Forget the rib cage and plastic housing all together. I was really hoping for a fun way to teach my kid about the human body. This is not it.
Some, of course, were not familiar with some of the newer characters, etc., and were a little stumped, but everyone had a very good time, laughing, chattering, and asking "if I had the movie for that one?", etc., which in many instances I do, as I am an avid movie buff, so not only were folks entertained with the game itself, they are inquiring to see the movie(s), etc., which is a wonderful thing here to help build community!
We really enjoyed our time with the game, and look forward to many more sessions...also, we look forward to moving to the advanced rule set.
3768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a blast. We bought it to play on our weekly game nights with friends and we have really enjoyed learning how to play and creating our characters. There is even added content floating around the Internet that has extra species to use in the game to make it feel more like the diverse Star Wars universe we all know and love. I'd say this is a game to at least try out if you are a D&D fan! Although this game has a lot more rules to how it's played, it can always be played with a more laid-back approach to make it more interesting. We love it and can't wait to teach our daughters how to play it too.
2508	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great version of scrabble - tiles don't slide around, and they stay perfectly lined up.
7498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game for 5 yrs old
1663	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love this tradition. It's so fun for the kids. Pinterest provides many ideas for elf
6666	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son, now almost 6 months old, loves this rattle. I think the bright colors are wonderful and the fact that he can see the little balls inside that are making the rattling noise is supposed to be good for his cognitive development.
4499	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this game because I'm not a huge fan of scrabble but enjoy word games.  I was pleased to see how fun it can be as well as the variety of games you can play with it.  The base game involves a lot of chaos and interaction between the players and is a riotous, good time.  The game-type that I enjoy the most is detailed in the rules as, "Banana Smoothie" and is much more relaxed and easy-going.  (The base game involves picking up new tiles and yelling out, "PEEL" when you need to grab more tiles and every other player will follow suit thereby increasing the amount of letters in their collection... in Banana Smoothie you evenly divide up the tiles at the beginning of the game and the first player to finish wins.)

5669	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband was thrilled to get this deck as well! We haven't played it yet.
So this game fits right in.  The game plays as follows everyone gets 3 card to start.  To win the game you have to have the cards in play that are on the goal card that is in play.  Each turn you draw one card and play one card.  (Unless a card allows you to do more of either.). Now here is where it gets fun.  EVERYTHING can change and does you can play cards that change how many cards are drawn and played, how many cards you can have in your hand,  and the most fun you can change the goal on your turn.  The star edition of this game has a bunch of dr. Who, Star Wars and Star Trek references. Such as the "light sword".
If you know all of the rules, plan on a few hours. I was sure that only having 10 rounds that the game couldn't possibly take more than an hour and a half. I was incorrect.

2317	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Okay, so we are new to the "Elf on the Shelf" tradition. My granddaughter is only two so I let her open the box. I had her hold the elf while I read the story, which, you more experienced shelfers know that is a no-no. We were able to fix it with, "Christopher will have to go back to the North Pole tonight to get his magic back", whew! That being said, the book is big and the illustrations are beautifully colorful. Christopher looks EXACTLY like the illustrations. On one particular page he is pictured actual size, face on, my granddaughter noticed and placed Christopher on top of his picture. I think it just helps with the fantasy. The doll is super cute and seems to be well made. I think the bendable arms will be helpful in coming up with creative ways to place him. The holidays are all about traditions and I think this is a really fun one. I'm very happy with the purchase.
186	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So adorable. The kid loves it. Also bought one as a gift.
5204	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	One of our favorite board games that challenges the brain. It is suitable for all ages as even young children pick-up the simple game rules.
7414	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	No reason to keep remaking a classic

- Each gang gets prospects and members, and you can use your order tokens to move them and you can use the order tokens to exploit locations.
4740	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	my 6 year old found it amazing
259	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my nephews because all they do is play video games.  This is something a little more social and creative than shooting people in the head over and over again.
9819	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Sorry to say, this product is not friendly for little fingers.  Extremely hard to open, both the blue "carton" box and the eggs.
Game on!

We played this game last night and were surprised how fast things change - someone who is way ahead after the 3rd round can be behind after the 4th.  Just one round can dramatically change things!

941	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good quality quick delivery
Dungeon Roll is played with a few cards, tokens and mostly Dice. You literally roll to gather your party, another player rolls the enemies (which could be a Dragon) and you have to use your Dice to defeat monsters, gather scrolls and things or get treasure. Before I explain further let me tell you about how awesome the pieces are.
2096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My son got "Joey Shelf" as a gift from an aunt and the elf has been a lot of fun for him and his younger sister over the years. I'm sure I read the book that comes with the elf to the two of them at some point, but I guess since I didn't get all uptight about the jingle that states the elf is judging them and watching their every move and reporting to Santa whether they are being bad or good, they didn't pay much attention to it either. We have so many other beautiful Christmas books that we read during the season that the Elf on a Shelf book is not sought after or thought of as gospel when read. It truly is nothing more than magical and fun for our 7 and 5 year old, waking up every morning and trying to find Joey Shelf. Nothing is ever said about just what the elf might be reporting back to Santa. I guess for whatever reason our kids don't have days that are just so hellacious that Santa would be absolutely appalled and black marking them for no presents under the tree. They don't need an elf for one month of the year to set them straight. We don't look at the elf that way.
Similar to scrabble but without all the points!
8936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These gears are exactly what I was looking for.  I am trying to teach my daughter about how things work and these gears are a good aid for that.  They are your typical plastic gears with other attachment that will spin when attached to a moving gear.  This set is very good for beginners and it is a good starter set.
168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are great!
4890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This dot-to-dot is very intense but not so challenging that children lose interest.  The final products are awesome and realistic.
9468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids LOVE this drum. With this drum a great time is had by all! It satisfies a lot of needs, beating stuff, making loud noises, & jamming like a fiend... They have a great time and are learning about musical basics (rhythm-etc.) It is sturdy and holding up well. Not the most resonant tone, but decent. Just plain fun, we need to get more.
5165	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for this age group.
The rules are hard to learn from the rulebook (for someone who had not played similar games anyway). But, it is well worth figuring out. There is a lot of replayability here.
5888	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun easy set up.  Simple to play solo or with friends.  Multiple heroes make for varied ways to play.
1603	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 3 year old loves her elf! She gets so excited to see her elf every morning during Christmas
8477	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is our favorite game - OUR meaning both my husband and I AND my 6 year old.  It's fun and easy to play but also has the perfect mix of strategy.  It introduces math skills (adding numbers from 0-9), has a memory and concentration element, involves basic strategy,  but does not require so much skill that my 6 year old gets frustrated or bored.  Great for kids and doesn't annoy the adults.  Awesome family game.
5639	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Keith Baker, the designer of Cthulhu Fluxx, gets the Lovecraftian point: in a mad universe in which the forces of unreason will inevitably destroy us all, only random, idiot chaos wins. This is what makes Cthulhu Fluxx so much fun to play.
9765	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Adorable shade tent to my granddaughter. It was pretty easy to set up.

5319	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this game for my granddaughter when she was three.  She already knew her colors and shapes, so that educational value wasn't of benefit to us.  Still, she LOVES to play with them!  One of her favorite games is to match them, "Concentration" style.  She gets the whole set out to play that way, which of course makes the game interminable! If I limit her to only two of each, it's quick and fun.  We've also used them to create patterns, and she has lined them up on the floor and made "roads" for her duplo car.  She stacks them into towers.  She piles them into her little wagon and pulls them around the house. She's used them to make facial features on the floor.  The only way she doesn't get excited about playing with them is the primary idea of a dominoes game.  Since she's only four now... I'm sure we'll do that eventually!  Really, worth every penny, very durable and esthetically pleasing as well.
5034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has become our favorite game to play.  It's addictive.
Stepping on them in the dark is on par with legos though, so be careful.
This one did not seem as fun although it was comedy movies?
838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game
Suggested Retail Price:  $12.99
4176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	item arrived early !!! as described ... FFG's  great quality ... welcome addition to my empire forces !!!
5812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I never realized there were such challenging and fun Dot to Dots out there.  When you think of Dot to Dot you think of a child and these are great for adults too.
The game says that it's for 3-4 players.  There are expansions that let you play with 5 or even 6 players.  If you're interested in that, you'll want the Luck of the Irish Expansion expansion.  You could play this game with two  -- there's nothing in the rules that makes that unplayable, but there's very little contention for areas with only two players, so it can get a little dry.  Also, negotiation and trading are key parts of the came, but it's hard to do that with only two players.

SUMMARY
7860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I miss the old board :( a lot going on on this one. Hard for little kids (age: 3-4) to see which way the path goes.
Not recommended unless you just gotta have it to entertain a child. But this may only last ten minutes.
227	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A must have for beginning D&D players! My sons love using this as a stand alone and will be adding more to it.
6125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I bought Ciel knowing he was a bootleg. He's good for the price I payed, but obviously a fake. His face is a bit thinner than the real one, making him look a bit less cute. His hair falls of very very easily, and so does his limbs. The extra arms for sebastian don't match his clothes, since the plastic is too shiny. They also fall off of him very easily.
The dice aspect sounds simple enough since you'll be rolling an average of 2-3 dice for more aggressive roles together with the Alien Die. But That's still a 33% chance of success per die with increasingly difficult odds related to the Alien Die. At times the low success rate gets pretty frustrating, but in hindsight it nicely reflects the level of difficulty often experienced in the game.
P.S. we don't even like racing  LOL
4670	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for a homeschooling anatomy cycle. My daughter loves to use/play with. It comes with a mat that she can match up the organs too.
8930	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have really enjoyed this drum! Both of my children have been rough and thrown this thing around and used both the mallets and other items to make noise- it has stood the test of wild children time and time again. It was well worth the price as long as you don't mind a drum in your house!


love it. It is fun for the family. It also helps with counting and on how to wait your turn. To be a good player and a good loser.
After playing a few times I have to say it's a blast! Our 7 year old daughter even enjoys playing. While she can't hold the cards to keep her tracks a secret it's simple enough that she can follow along and does very well.  We've played just the 2 of us and with multiple other players.
4738	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This was really difficult to put together and keep the body snapped into place.  I wouldn't purchase it again.
1361	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game!  Our 7 year old can play with only a little help. We are glad we got it, it will be even more fun when our kids are a bit older.
862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is a fantastic game for middle schoolers and older. The kids will love building a track of trains. It's a lot of fun!
6754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	is fine.

712	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are a must have for any allowance-savvy family with kids! What a great way to teach children to track their money...savings, spending and, best of all, GIVING! They seem very durable. We've been pleased so far!
2320	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This elf is adorable and a lot better than that creepy Elf on the Shelf. It is durable and mold-able, just like the Elf everyone else seems to love. My daughter is 2.5 and absolutely loves him. She enjoys looking for him every morning. When we got it, we hid the box and brought out the book, letting her know that Santa delivered the book to us and we had no idea what was inside. We sat down and read it and asked her if she wanted Christopher to come visit her, and she said yes. So after she went to bed, we brought out the elf and she was so surprised and excited that he actually came to visit her. ;o) I think this is a wonderful tradition and totally blows the creepy Elf on the Shelf out of the water!
3167	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has such pretty detail & is wonderful for my daughters make believe princess games. I highly recommend this set.
2068	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 7 year old and he thinks its so funny. I still need to find some funny ways to put him in the house. I bought the Elf on The Shelf DVD and will act like the elf brought it to him. He loves it and so do me and my husband. My 14 year old even likes it.
581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to play and understand, this word game is great for the "spellers" in your family. My 7 & 8 year olds found it a little frustrating once we got up beyond 6 letter words. However, my 10 year old loves this game. I am sure you could make many variations using this card deck.


5745	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The best part of these vocabulary cards is that the creator included the articles! Not just reloj but el reloj. Too many Spanish learning books leave them out. Then students have to learn them twice. 
1387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game but the cards that come with it are too small unless you are a child.  If you buy this game, be prepared to purchase the expansion pack which includes normal size cards.  If also adds additional routes and playing strategies so its worth it anyway.
1256	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My all-time favorite board game. It's a great 2 player game, which my husband and I have a hard time finding. If you're looking for a new game, this one is a must try.

764	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of our favorite "new to us" boardgames. It is easy enough for kids but competitive enough for adults. You can play cut-throat and block your opponent, or play leisurely and connect your cities. With so many expansions and maps, this will stay in our rotation for a long time.

8118	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I last played this over thirty years ago.  Bought this for my son.  Simplistic concept, but easy enough for a 3 year to grasp - which I guess is the whole point.
979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun game for game night
Players start the game with 21 tiles.  You must arrange your tiles into words - but they have to connect like in a crossword puzzle/scrabble.  The first player to use up their tiles shouts out "Peel" and all players take another tile.  Maybe the person who called out "Peel" drew an easy letter and can place it in his crossword immediately...like drawing an S and putting it at the end of an existing word on his puzzle.  Or maybe that person got a difficult letter to add on, like X, so now he has to disassemble his crossword and remake it to include a word with an X. This gives the other players a chance to catch up, and someone else may be first to call out "Peel."  You can continually change and rearrange your crossword as much as you want.  Game continues in this manner until there are no more tiles in the draw pile.  At that point the first person to use up their tiles and calls out "Bananas!" wins.
8084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Still a lot of fun!
8505	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simple to learn, easy and fun to play, even with mixed ages.
As a stroke of genius, Fantasy Flight quickly released a game based on the famous books.
4818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It threw me when my six year old asked for a body for Christmas. When he explained he wanted to know how the body works, I found this and I am beyond satisfied with this purchase. We do this often and we read the book that comes with it. The only way this could get better is if it came with a case to hold everything. He likes that the body parts are squishy and I like that he's learning while playing. The Organ-izer is one of his favorites. He likes knowing what everything is called, and I like the book that helps with proper placement of the organs. I would buy this one again!

8015	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this cash register in 2009 for my granddaughter.  She's 6 now & still playing w/ this & I'm sure will continue to do so for quite some time.  I love that this is a toy that is not only fun but educational as well.  It teaches children to understand different denominations of paper money as well as coins, counting, making change, hand-eye coordination, role play, etc. We've used this cash register to play Grocery store, Xmas shopping at the Mall, Pet shop, & on & on.  This is a toy that will provide yrs of fun, yet educational, play value for your child.
2251	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had these when we were young, can't wait to start the tradition with the next generation...

Cons:
8364	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Brought back great old memories
- The ability to add numbers in your head. Once you "bid' to make trumps you have to keep track of how many "points: that are caught. Sloppiness here will cost you the game 50% of the time.
9662	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Works great with Thomas the train wooden railway.
4661	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
413	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fine

Bottom line - a good introduction to tabletop RPGs or the Pathfinder system with resources that make it worthwhile for players that have some experience.
This is one of those games that is going to take a while to fully learn. After a round or two, most people will have gotten the rules for the most part, and won't have to consult the rulebook as often. It will, however, still require some attention to detail to master. Also, the game (Sauron) usually seems to win. In my book, that's a plus since it makes the rare wins all the more meaningful.

74	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Kid like it
- Simple deck building concept, easy to teach.
7561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for my grandaughter.  This is a very sturdy product.  Well made, well put together, and performs as advertised.
My husband and I love to play a 2-player mega game, where we each choose two colors of trains and play until we run out of ticket cards or trains. Definitely more fun than a short 2 person game. We use the rules like there are 4 people and see who can have the longest continuous route. Great with a cold beer and a good classic movie.
6630	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We purchased this as part of our classic Christmas - it's very cheaply put together.  The bubble pops, the pieces fit in their slot...but it's flimsy; even the box it is stored in is flimsy and not like other board game boxes.
8365	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Don't know what the other reviews are so upset about. This is an awesome version of a classic! It does take some ADULT assembly, but kids love it. If you're playing with small children probably better if an adult assembles the trap from the start. If you follow the simple directions it goes together easily and works every time.
1338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We got this game for our friends and family for Christmas, and it was a big hit! Love it. Would recommend for anyone.
3891	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	very cool expansion...  2 new heroes... some new monsters...  a new lieutenant (have to buy the miniature separately which I think is bogus)...  overall it's a cool add-on to one my favorite table top games.
NEW RULE cards modify how the game is played. A rule might now be to draw three cards or to talk with an outrageous accent. A rule of a particular type overrules a previously played rule of the same type, the older rule being discarded. Rules can stack up (though Action cards, such as My Brain Hurts!, exist to remove rules).
You get a double-sided wet/dry-erase ready laminated map on which to display your tactical situations. One side pre-printed with detail, the other an earth tone blank with grid.
It also occurs to me that many GMs will want to strip out some of the cards before shuffling and dealing as some of them would be hugely inappropriate in games of a given "tone" - a game of intrigue set in a Carolingian Court, for example, would probably not be improved by cards giving combat bonuses, and such cards would in that case be seen as wasted by the players who received them.

2561	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	good
196	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	We really love the 1999 version. this version lacks the looks and feel of the 1999 version. It looks a bit cheap. As far as rules and game is concerned it is entertaining. I would still trade this in for a 1999 version.
Re-playability:  8
5880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Argent: The Consortium, from Level 99 Games, is a worker placement game in which players vie to become the new chancellor of a magical university.  Essentially, players must learn who is voting for the new chancellor, and then adopt strategies to get their vote.  The voters have cards that say that they will vote for the player with the most X tokens, or the most Y tokens, or the most gold, or the most spells, or the most etc..  These voter cards are placed face down.  On a player's turn, he or she may take actions to gain those items and tokens, or look under the voter cards to determine who is voting for what.  A worker placement game, players place their figures on spaces in rooms throughout the university, and each space allows players to take special actions.  The order in which figures are placed in the rooms can have an impact as well, allowing for more or less abilities.  Players each have factions that offer individual strengths and abilities, and each player has different colored figures that can perform different actions even as they perform the action of the room they are on.  When the game ends players reveal the voter cards and see who the voters elect the new chancellor.  There is A LOT more to it than that, but this is just a basic overview of the rules for Argent: The Consortium.
I get together with a good friend about once a month to play board games for 12-18 hours and we used to play a variety of games.  For the past year we have almost exclusively played NetRunner.  Nothing else really compares.  Winning is a combination of great deck building, understanding your opponent, and a bit of the luck of the draw (but you make your own luck when building a good deck).
The "talk like a pirate" card is fun, though gets silly after a while.
3860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good but expensive to field in game. I would recommend no more than two.
Relatively few games in this category, and fewer of those truly capture racing excitement in the way that Formula D does.
8267	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Little dent in the box but the game was just fine!! Love playing it. Even beat my boyfriend the first time we played. Both of us haven't played since we were kids!! Very happy with my purchase.
LOTS OF FUN.

6448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Comes with tons of play paper and coin money. Keypad is essentially a solar 4 function calculator with an open button for the drawer. Works great.
4272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun fun game! if you like fluxx and you like monty python this is totally for you! i especially like that there's a card that allows you to sing monty python songs! :)
3032	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	well done
433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun. My wife and I play with our 11 year old and despite my superior intellect (kidding), everyone has won a couple games. Beyond that, however, these cards can be used for literacy-building and team-building games in the classroom! You get 118 cards with individual letters or common two-letter combinations (QU, IN, ER, TH & CL)
9857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love our tunnel!  the only bad part is this extra flap thingy that I guess is for attaching it to something else.  It gets in the way, otherwise it is awesome. long enough for 3 girls to fit in and then play peek a boo throught the mesh windows!!! LOVE IT!
The object of the game is to guess a secret code consisting of a series of 4 colored pegs, which will remain hidden behind a shield. The codebreaker has to duplicate the exact colors and positions of the secret code. Each guess results in feedback narrowing down the possibilities of the code. The winner is the player who solves his opponent's secret code with fewer guesses.
7013	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my grandchildren love it.

  Keep your shares in hopes that the corporation will be resurrected on the board later
Fans of the Sons of Anarchy series seemed to get the game more easily.  They also may have enjoyed it more.  Or it could be that they are the most eviI mean, best-lookiI mean, better behaved?
2509	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy for all ages to play. Board is not too big, so games go fast!
3102	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Okay, the price is not "low" for these test leads indicator tool like many you will see.  But,.... the quality is high, and the function is perfect.  I have used one of these for nearly 30 years now as a Master Journeyman Electrician, and hate it when I leave it out of my pouch for some reason.  I have used several "others" over the years - none are as good as this one for size and function.
4 A on off switch for the lights or even better, a radio controlled switch, would have been much better
791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We LOVE this game! It is an excellent mix of skill (mostly) with a little chance thrown in. We mostly play with adults but we can even dumb it down and play with my 7 year old (though I would recommend buying the kid version if that is your regular plan - which we have too and love). We like Catan as well and they are similar style. A typical game takes about an hour with experienced players; a little more time if you are new at it. It doesn't take long to learn but you want to keep playing because you learn new strategies each time. It does take up a large amount of space to play it and the spot has to be stable and flat because otherwise little trains go everywhere. You need a decent score keeper to make it easier on everyone.
4777	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun and educational! We are using this with our human anatomy unit.
5050	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! Fun for kids and adults. No reading required.
8556	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Years sod fun

It is fun to move them all over the house and have my granddaughter hunt for it
9067	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is great drum for children.  I have had these drums in the classroom for many years and they produce a good sound and last for a long time.
Firstly, naturally the board, pieces, and card art are well-done and evocative.  The investigators draw from the usual Lovecraftian tropes, and the Ancient Ones added (Ghatanathoa, and Cthugha, among others) are suitably scary to tackle in-game.
8792	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We went to a friends house and my son fell in love with this car! It was just the right size for him to drive. He loved turning the key in the ignition. He enjoyed putting gas in the car (pretend of course) where the gas tank hole is. Considering my friends little boy put hers through hard play and it still looks new, I think this is a very sturdy and durable toy.
4626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game was given to our family as a gift and my husband hates games. He was not excited and now he loves it. We've played every night. It is a confidence builder for kids and fun for adults. It's fast and competitive, and easy to learn (except for the crazy terms which makes it funny when you can't remember the right term). Even our teenager loves it. Highly recommended.
244	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I would have given it a 4 if my Cleric didn't fall into a pit on the first turn. I couldn't roll my way out of it... damn.

8172	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product and delivery exactly as promised!
Our family LOVES all the incantations of Ticket to Ride, both in real games and the phone apps, too.  Each one has slight variations on the rules, and each requires a little different strategy. My grad school kid plays Ticket to Ride at game nights, and my college kid plays in the "common room" with her friends. But it's simple enough that my 9-17yo nieces and nephew like to play, too. Even my reluctant-game-player husband gladly plays along with Ticket to Ride.
My 6 year-old daughter really likes the actual-sized money and large buttons on the register, but the fact that the register is really a calculator is confusing at times when it comes to dealing with money.  For instance, $4.50 reads on the calculator as 4.5 - not how we usually represent money.  Also, to give change back, you either have to start with what the customer gives you and then re-enter the total or hit the "-" sign and ignore or explain the negative number.  For instance, if the total comes to $4.50 and you give a $5 bill, the total will read 4.5.  To make change, you either have to clear the total and enter "5 - 4.5" or start with the total and enter "- 5".
Player Interaction - 6/10
8073	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game never gets old. It is the classic game we all grew up on. As I get older seems like this game gets harder.  The kids always love it.
5573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Another hit in the Fluxx series of card games. i own several of these card games and they are all fun to play and a relatively short amount of time is needed to play.
Ignore participating in small corporations at your peril.  Players who get payouts get money.  Bankrupt is not a place you want to be in for very long in this game.
5125	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome game! Great for the whole family.
3074	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These are great for anyone that might be bedridden or unable to get into a bathtub.  Heat in the microwave and you have a warm soothing bath that will get clean and you will feel refreshed.
2190	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun for the grandkids!
I have only 2 problems with this game:
9424	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my 15 month old son to use at the beach. It was the perfect size to bring in our suitcase. Easy to set up, secured it on a windy beach with a backpack and book inside the tent.
2956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
4555	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	While I love the word selection in this Haiku set, the box to store the words in is very cheaply made.  They are great for placing on the fridge (or some other magnetic flat space) for easy access to play with them.
The object of the game is to get the lowest number of points by adding up all 4 cards at the end of the round. We ussually play to 50 or 100 points, as people get to 50 points they would be out of the game. Each time there is a round the dealer shuffles the entire deck and passes out 4 more cards per player. Each person gets a turn to deal.
The measuring tape on the back of the book measures in inches and centimeters, while the book directions are in yards.
3217	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Arkham Horror is my all-time favorite game, and this expansion continues Fantasy Flight's mission to provide quality games.  This is one of three "town" expansions, letting Investigators leave Arkham and visit Kingsport.  The rules are well-balanced and the pieces are on good stock and sport nice art.

3812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Very enjoyable two player, but it takes a bit to figure out.  Read read read... and then read more online.  Its more fun if the player can hold a bluff and are able to match wits persistently.  :)
7096	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was missing credit card piece.
(1) Kavil, a level 7 unique pilot that costs 24 points whose special ability reads, When attacking a ship outside your firing arc, roll 1 additional attack die.
1957	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This little Elf was the hit of the Christmas season.  IT is a quality presentation, with a lovely book to go with it and ideas on using the elf to spark up Christmas.  I loved it as did my kids and grandkids. It was new as indicated, and adorable.
1523	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	THis game only got 4 due to the luck factor.  No matter how well you play, you could just draw bad cards everytime.  That is it.  Other than that, this is a wonderful, wonderful game.  This IS the perfect game to get people into Eurogames like Settlers of Catan and Carcassonne.  Easy to explain - 5 minutes tops.  Fast to play - 1 hour.  Good strategy.  Good theme.  You even feel like you are being educated at least a little bit in the area of US geography.
A star falls off my review because of the same graphic design elements I found problematic in the Your Story volume (please refer to my review of that for details) and which are just as problematic in my experience in this volume, and for the lousy index, which suffers from the same problem I complained of in my review of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dresden-Files-Rpg-Volume-One-Your-Story/dp/0977153479/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dresden Files Rpg Volume One; Your Story</a>.
I'd recommend this even for a first-time Fluxx user who likes the Wizard of Oz, hours of fun, and high replay value!
9899	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Birthday gift for my 4 year old granddaughter---SHE LOVED IT
4238	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My cousin got me into Fluxx not too long ago and we had a blast playing it.  My wife purchased this for me, knowing I am a huge Monty Python fan as well as loving Fluxx.
5306	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Qwirkle board game was a Christmas gift for my twin nephews. I was told they really enjoyed the game. The vendor was quick to ship it before Christmas.
7099	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very large size.
6108	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	this thing doez NOT work....it sez it needs a thing from microsoft but microsoft sez they don't have it...
6. The balance of the force adds an additional element of strategy which I like as a strategist and goes well with the Star Wars lore.
9892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Family Board Game.
on the right day
I personally would like to deploy more interceptors and have more soldiers for those research benefits. You can download the Alien AI to your phone, tablet and computer (MAC and WINDOWZ). I suggest you burn the AI to disc, so that you will always have it. hint hint.
5975	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great fun game.
26	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	a wonderful little sticker book that i put with the robot two sided puzzle in a busy bag for a 3 year old.

4439	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	these are really great, loads of fun with the grand kids
8395	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great classic game
8150	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	loved it
9646	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I can't wait for our grand baby to open his birthday gift. He loves all things pertaining to trains!
5991	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just as high quality cards as the base game. Wish it were a bit less expensive.

7907	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 11-month old has had them for about a month now and he loves them! I stack them up, he knocks them over, and we both laugh. The quality is great, too
The *only* complaint I might have with the game is that I wish there was more of it.  The deck is relatively small and a lot of the cards have similar effects.  However, as I said, this is really only an issue when playing with two people.  Even that small problem goes away once both players have become intimately familiar with the game and can exploit the subtleties.  All in all, this is an excellent product and an easy way to have a great time with friends and family.  Show Looney Labs they've made a great product and order your copy today!
Hasbro Item #04714

847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have to say this game is so much fun. Whether it be with 2 or 5 players you never know who is going to win. I highly recommend this game to any tabletop player.

Now in the way of components, the game has a lot to offer. The tokens are quality cardboard, not super thin and I had no issues popping them out without tears or ripping. I wish they had a baggie or something to store them in instead of just an open space in the box, but that can be remedied easily enough. Now the cards contain really nice artwork to the point where after time, your eye is going to easily recognized the cards since they're so unique, well themed and reflect a scene that the actions and text of the card refer to. I mean I really enjoy these. They do seem a little on the large side, but it's been so long since I've used just regular play cards maybe I am just used to the small ones now.
1 talent upgrade: Outmaneuver
7271	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Childhood game that I grew up with and loved. Now we are getting it to teach the next generation how to love this wild and crazy game!!!
3914	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well packaged, well priced
 Downtime
 What does related mean?  Consider the following routes:
5796	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh my this is quite the dot to dot!!  I got it for my 7 yr old grandson who loves doing dot to dot pictures.  This is quite challenging with pictures that require dots in the hundreds and even some that go to into the one thousand range.  I got this for him for Christmas 2015 and he is still doing the pictures and it is now August!!  Great buy for any one any age who loves doing dot to dot.  The American theme is also awesome and has caused my grandson to ask questions about the places that he is drawing.  Can't go wrong with this book!!
3433	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For a couple of years now, my daughter and I have been struggling through some bottles of cheap face paint. I had told her we'd get a better one when we used the paint up, but finally I realized how much she loves face paint, and how much more enjoyable it would be if we had a quality product to work with. I was planning to just get a set of face paints, but then I saw the Klutz Kit, and thought I'd try it. I'm so glad I did. The book is full of techniques and ideas for designs. I feel like it's really stepped up our face painting ability from day one. My husband, six-year old, and I have all used the book and face paint to create images that -- while not at the professional level -- are still much better than I thought would have been possible.

4024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	As all other RPG screens is filled with all kind of information to help you keep the adventure going .. the adventure included is very good and gives a good starting point for a campaign..
4961	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephew loves this game. my daughter and my nephew play for hours. It is a really great game.
Game Designer: Chris Darden
If you land on a ladder you get to go up it and advance more quickly and possibly skip several levels of the game.  If you land on a chute (slide) you can go down just as fast as you went up.  Since flipping the spinner gives you the number of moves, and it is random, children have the same chance to win as adults.  This is why they enjoy the game.

4644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is so great for my niece who is 7 and wants to be a doctor. She is learning what each pet is called and does.
1094	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Hey, this is really fun! I do take issue with the assertion that the game can be learned "in 5 minutes," though. For our family if was more like 15 or 20. Not that it's difficult, but it does take some time to read through the rules and understand the setup and game instructions. Once we got rolling, though, it was a lot of fun, and I can see why it's so popular. We have young kids (7 and 10) who both picked it up (the 7 yo with some help) and who are looking forward to playing again. Our only complaint is that the train map labels Minneapolis, MN as Duluth? I guess they didn't think map accuracy was terribly critical. It doesn't impact the game in any way, it's just a weird thing to get wrong.

9358	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I am very impressed with the quality of this drum.  It has a very nice sound, varying sound depending on where on the drum you hit.  The picture around it is also very nice and rich in color.  My baby is 9 months and loves to hit this drum with her hands.  It comes with two sticks but she gets scared when i use them, so we stowed the sticks away for when she gets older.
It's multiplayer Rock, Papers, Scissors meets poker face and it's a great little game.  It's easy enough for kids, the animal theme is fun, and it's even good for adults.  It's not a deep game, but a fun one to pass some time with.
953	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a family favorite. You use train pieces to make trains to destinations in the United States (ex. Houston to Miami). This game balances strategy and luck nicely which I really enjoy. It can be a pretty long game depending on how many people you play with, but it's great for Family Fun Nights. There is also an app version that is really fun to play.
860	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Recommend watching the YouTube video or something to learn how to play, rules might be more straight forward if they were in Chinese.  Also make sure you have plenty of time. Takes less time to play than Monopoly, but longer than Chess.  9yo likes to play, 7 yo loses interest, grandmas can't understand it, and PhD Uncle kicked our butts.
2322	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am very pleased with the quality of this little guy and the book. It's great that the elf has posable arms and legs so he can grab on to things. The more well known "Elf on the Shlef" does not and frankly I find that elf to be creppy looking anyway. My one gripe would be that the way the story is written it doesn't really catch a childs attention. It is a fun storyline, but could have been told in less pages OR even better, there could have been more of a story behind it rather than just a crying sad elf that wanted to see kids.

5113	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It was a beautifully made toy. I was impressed!
2874	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas gift for my four year old granddaughter.  She loves the Llama Llama books and she loved the doll too.  It was a great hit!
4168	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	To start, I've not played the first edition of this game, so will not be using it as a frame of reference for this review and cannot speak to the specific changes. The artwork on the cards, done by various artists, is beautiful and vibrant. The print quality is excellent as art the materials.

9984	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	really enjoyed this set.  the first set of butterflies didn't hatch, but the company quickly sent out replacements at no charge.  the 2nd batch yielded 5 butterflies.  the kids loved waking up each morning to check on progress.  would recommend.
7313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I liked this game so much, I purchased a second one to give as a gift to a friend's child.
80	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipment and great product.  So cute!



4243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for our group who can all appreciate the Monty Python brand of humor. Fun, easy to play and an all around good time with lots of laughs
3093	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I use this card for photos and for video. It is a great option for large storage if going on a long trip.
6425	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product. My youngest grandson (3) loves to play with this at my home and I decided to get this for him. My older grandson (8) likes to play and do math for school on his cash register. Real calculator. Money looks fairly close to real money, so he can identify the coins and bills.

7816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Let you know after my great grandson gets to play with it he lives in another state so may be awhile
5107	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids and husband love this game.
Finally, a few notes about the box contents.  Some boxes contain a clubhouse card for a fifth gang, but no other pieces for that gang.  All this does is give you another choice for the "high octane" rule option.  Also, some boxes are missing the black market reference card, so you'll have to download and print out the card (from the galeforce9 and boardgamegeek web sites) if you want the rules for a 3-player game.

1847	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved it.  My granddaughter had wanted one for a long time and she was delighted.
Play continues with rules being written, overwritten, disposed of, and goals being thrown down constantly. Game is over when players meet the goal. Which could be anywhere from 10 minutes to over an hour.

4071	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A nice looking model, but the laser cannons feel a bit fragile.

5861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has so much variety and different colors that when you get it finished, it is amazing what the picture is once it is all colored in
5481	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Do NOT buy this. Game cannot be played without software and the DVD doesn't work.  The phone numbers and websites listed are all defunct.  Paramount bought Screenlife, the company and then shut it down in early 2012.  It looks like it could have been a lot of fun.  Nice concept, but DVD materials should have been available on-line.  Now we just have a gameboard and some pieces and NO GAME.  DO NOT BUY! This toy and all the screenlife games should NOT BE FOR SALE!!!
7824	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a cute product! I love the fact that it fits real money. Great for my  7 year old daughter who loves to play store or restaurant! Working on counting change. Simple but nice
Instructions-The games instructions are fairly well done, but an extra page or two would really help.  You can start playing this game in less than 10 minutes after opening the box for the first time without having played it before.  However, even I, an experienced player, still have to check board game geek if some things are allowed or intended.  The major issue has to do with symbols.  Advanced cards and planets have symbols on them.  Lots of people have questions if the advanced cards count as symbols for play.  Adding a discussion on that would have really knocked these instructions out of the park. 4.5/5
Bananagrams is portable and durable, the entire game fits into a cloth "banana" that's only about 6-9 inches long.  You don't even need a pencil and paper to keep score - all that you need is a free surface.  The game works well with almost any number of players, young and old.  It's just as much fun one-on-one as it is with a group of six or seven.  You can even play by yourself if you want!
Cons:
5033	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great Family game! and a fun game to play with two players.  My husband and I have a blast challenging each other.
9355	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our 3 y/o loves this game and we enjoy it too. It's pictorial, so no number or word recognition is required, and the cooperative aspect makes it so much more enjoyable than Candyland!
6572	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Its cute. Money looks very real especially the coins. ONLY thing that is annoying is that when you hit the OPEN button the cash drawer slams outward and the money tends to fly out.
9261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We received this as a gift when my youngest son was a year old. He is now three and rarely a day goes by that he does not play with it. My husband I enjoy playing with it too. Our second son is almost a year and they have been fighting over this toy recently. It's educational and captivating for children and adults! By far the best toy we own (and we own alot of toys).
7118	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Best game ever!
*I received this for review - all opinions are my own*
954	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We really love this game. We are senior citizens, so it took a while to get all the different rules down. But our grandson loves to play, he's 13. Not sure about an eight year old.
644	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 and 8 year-olds liked this activity on a recent road trip. They are boys, so the gross ones were their favorite. They even started coming up with some "would you rather"s on their own. It was a nice break from their screens!
9017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very high quality drum. I bought this for my 3 yr. old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it. My grandson (same age) had a great time with it also, so I purchased a second one for him. This is by no means a cheap drum. Everything about it shows the quality and durability. I would highly recommend to anyone.
7240	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The game is kind of cute but the shape of the cards makes holding them in your hand awkward and uncomfortable. It's even worse for little hands.
The instructions are easy to read the game is simple in concept but it's so much fun to block a path or complete your trip ticket! If you can do both at one time even better. It's great because we never know who is going to win. We're pretty hardcore about it. I'll block my kids in a heartbeat lol!
2729	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	well-made, great stories for Otis
4204	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Idea is good. But material is cheap and there is one light which does not work. Waste of time ordering it and then returning it.
5600	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Haven't played it yet but looks very tempting, heard it was very hard
1389	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My wife found this game and we got it for our grandson.  He likes playing it so we achieved our goal.
* No artificial colors, flavors, or preservatives. Such additives are unnecessary when a pet food delivers sound nutrition with great taste.
1232	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun, entertaining game for kids and adults.  My third grader loves it, it's too tough for my kindergartener.
9914	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This is basically the net cage, a pipette, and a half price voucher for the cup of caterpillars. THE PRICE OF THE CATERPILLARS IS NOT INCLUDED. They haven't even told me how many I should expect. But. My 5 year old is super excited now and I pretty much have to buy the caterpillars for "a small $8 fee for shipping and handling".
It teaches her to count, to lose, to wait for her turn....I love it.
*Efficiency Committee (4)  *Escher (4)
6502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great packable game, good for Grandma's

3002	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love the vibrant colors of all these pocket folders and they are so helpful for organizing important papers to keep at my fingertips.  The price is the best part, too!
UPDATE #1: Decided after another game using both expansions at the same time that it's just too swingy, too super-crazy, and unpredictable. And the Xanathar lord is broken and guaranteed to make you lose the game, so I've thrown that card out until it gets an official fix. Tried a game using only Undermountain, and that played much more like the regular game, only reasonably souped-up. Game time was increased to about 2 hours, nothing crazy like the 4 hours using both expansions. And I completed four 40 point quests! Will try using only the Skullport expansion next and update my review if necessary, but for right now, I'm advocating you restrain yourself from trying the mega-game and just do Undermountain first, then Skullport, then maybe try to combine them once just to see what that's like. But I think the expansions were not really meant or balanced to be used together.

9776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Although you'll have to open for your child. It's a bit hard open and close for little ones.
7483	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	good family game
There's an adventure book which outlines the different scenarios for the game and it can combine with the other game(s) in the D&D Boardgame series for more play options.  There are many unpainted miniatures in the game along with a ton of cardboard chits.
1287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ticket to Ride is amazing.  It is simple enough that my 6 year old daughter can play, but has complex layers that make it fun for me.  It is a game for the whole family that we can play again and again.  Choose your tickets (destinations) and build your train route between the locations, but watch out, others can block your path making you take a longer route.  This game has tons of replay value and is a great game for the whole family!
2314	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great idea. I wish it had been around when I was a kid. My son, who is 6, absolutely loves Christopher. He was very excited about him "coming to visit" again this Christmas. He is positively sure that Christopher is real, which is so cute. Last year, in kindergarten, he excitedly went to class and told everyone that he had an elf living with him.
But it is flawed in that there are only two creepers in the deck (cards that prevent a win) - Chains and Scurvy.

A big SHOUT OUT to TMG for making this review possible.  I should be receiving Coin Age and the Dungeon Roll Winter Promo over the next few months.  TMG is really coming out with some great little games.  Original review posted with pictures and video at [...]
9345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was for my 7 yrs old who wanted to play around with Bongos.  These are perfect, great sound, great quality and are very sturdy.  We are not musicians by any means but I purchased a few and took them back.  These are by far the best quality in this price range.
4531	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun
5570	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	First off, the basic Fluxx game mechanic is a 4-star game. It's fun, trivially easy to teach and not too frustrating for the players. But in its "beer and pretzel" silliness are mechanics that let it sometimes get bogged down or too weird.
4313	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	grandson loves making up words to spell. will help him with learning to read.
3923	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Firespray is a beast of a ship, and in conjunction with the "Most Wanted" Scum and Villainy set, you can use this ship with the Empire or Scum!

1207	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is the absolute favorite in our house, from ages 8 and up.
2006	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	this is a easy to read book, with good illustrations,  a must for those "Elf on the
1056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great family game!
Every wizard (red, blue, green, or yellow) has their own player board. These player boards have different layouts to keep things interesting. Players are assigned a random wizard color to encourage players to not get attached to a particular board layout. On top of that, player boards are two sided...one side being the classic version (from years ago) and one side being the newer version. It's important that players do not mix and match versions...be sure to decide on which version you'd like to use before you play. The difference lies mainly in the layout of the walls and the starting locations of your treasure tokens...so it's not that big of a deal.
Even though my kid absolutely adores this Elf (she couldn't wait for her to come!), she is also very stressed out about it. I don't ever even say anything to her about the Elf watching or the Elf reporting bad behavior to Santa. I try to give it as little significance as I can, but she still is stressed (she is 6). Ever since the Elf came, she has trouble sleeping through the night. She tries her best to behave well for most of the day, but it's followed by a temper tantrum in the evening, because it's probably emotionally just too difficult to handle to have to be "perfect" all day long. Whether it's because of excitement or stress, or maybe it's just too much stimulation for her imagination (believing that objects come to life at night is a little creepy and unsettling when you think about it). She is not herself, and her sleep (and mine) is interrupted because of that. The home should be a relaxing, safe place; not a place where she is constantly watched and judged by her beloved little Elf.
8979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Complicated for my five year old to use alone but he loved them. There were no pictures or anything to help him understand without an adult how to use them.
6823	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I play it with my daughters, 7 & 9 years old. They learn from it, we enjoy it very much. Worth buying if you like logic.
1959	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a Thanksgiving present for my 4 yr old grandson. We read the book, talked about the Elf's "job" and he was all set to help! My son said it was an adventure every day seeing where the Elf would be sitting in the morning. One of the best things I bought this year on Amazon. Want to enjoy Christmas more? Get the Elf for the kids!
The only problem that i have withg it is that it only fits one comfortably. But other than that ITS GREAT!!! I highly reccomend it. You will defenetly get your moneys worth!
All in all though this is a classic game that is lots of fun. We have explained to our son what the consequences mean and it's so cute when he lands on a ladder- "I mowed the lawn;now I get to go the circus!" It's great to pretend you're a big kid, isn't it?

I have seen less complicated Tarot layouts than this game.
9931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great gift for kids
7951	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Candyland is such a great first game for any girl or boy. My kids started to play it at 4 years old and enjoyed it all the way up to 8 years old. Now they play more of Spot it!, UNO, Monopoly, and Yahtzee.

This also teaches kids about body parts, reading, and to establish some great hand/eye coordination.  Much more than, oh... let's say a Game Boy or an X Box would.  Great family fun!  Two "D" batteries not included...

The difficulty level of the questions varies widely, from questions that require nothing but paying  a bit of attention to questions requiring specialized knowledge. This might mean that many different people can play together, but it also means that there's a very high level of luck involved. It's also possible for a lucky or skilled player to run the board. However, we find that over time, everyone has a chance to win, and the tables can turn quickly -- sometimes a player who has been behind all through the game can win in the last minutes of play.
The first caveat is that if the players have not participated in a table-top role-playing game (RPG) previously then there might be some surprises and a learning curve associated with this game.  Kids can be playing Risk(tm) out of the box in twenty to thirty minutes.  Star Wars: Edge of the Empire (SWEoE) will take the novice GM at least 4-6 hours to learn the rules and understand the system.  The best way to learn SWEoE is probably to find a local hobby shop and have someone who has some RPG experience step the newcomers through the process.

61	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good stocking stuffer.
6222	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute. Easy to wash. Easily stuffed into a diaper bag. And my daughter carries it every where.
1393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've known about this game for a while and I can not believe it took me so long to actually buy it. Very easy to learn the game and get playing, but unless you are playing nicely, takes a long time to master. There are so many ways to try to get to where you are going, counting out how many trains left, spaces required, what you can get away with to screw over your opponent. Game is awesome. I can not really do it justice in words.
3339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I received this game as a Christmas gift, and somehow did not play it for a whole nine months. I'm glad I did, though; it's a riot! The theme is quirky and fun (drunk gnomes on a submarine!), and the gameplay is pretty quick, once you get the hang of how to use the time counters. There is a significant amount of randomness in the events (Eurogamers, beware!), but this is fitting with the theme. The fact that it is a cooperative game that scales up to eight players is great.
9852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this butterfly net to house caterpillars we found in our garden. So I will update more once we use the voucher and receive the caterpillars.
9084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids love it so much we are getting another.
921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of our favorite games to play on board game night. We had stopped playing board games for a while but decided to give this one a try. I must say that it is a very entertaining game. The board is well constructed, and we love remembering the names of major cities and where they are located. the little trains are a nice nice. The best part is that A game can be played in a little over an hour, no more 3 hour games of the past.
3418	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	works but not all that great.
2347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We purchased this game for our 4.5 year old daughter after playing some of the other cat in the hat games.  I thought that it would be a little more like twister but it is basically a 'horseshoe' shaped map with letters (and words corresponding to those letters) on the horseshoe.  You then have another part of the game which is the letter assigner that you spin and get letters assigned that you have to put hands, feet, and an ear on.

Quick Gameplay
"The game isn't very thematic."  I really don't get when people try to bring this up.  The committing to the force rule makes sense in the game world for the Force struggle.  Also edge battles add to the flavor.  One of the major complaints about the theme revolves around the fact that units can block ships.  For example if the Devastator attacks, Luke Skywalker can block it.  Now granted that wouldn't be physically possible.  But two reasons why this situation doesn't bother me at all.  First,  just imagine Luke leading a squadron of X-Wings and destroying the Devastator.  That works as far as theme goes for me personally. Second, have you ever played the Star Wars CCG by WOTC?  They had space and ground battles.  And in my humble opinion it just didn't work.  You could easily get blown out if the other player drew ships and you didn't.  This works way better in the LCG.
Despite all that, its a good game, and worth the price tag.  Just make sure your expectations are in line with what this game is.
6654	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Stinks.
It never fails to amaze me when I flip over a new card and look at it.  All I can ever think of are the taboo words.  But by talking around them, I can usually get my team to guess it.  Obviously, the closer nit the group, the better because you can give clues that are unique to them based on favorite movies or recent events or running jokes.  My brother and I used to clean up at this game if we were on the same team for this reason.  Still, a group of complete strangers can play because the words are general enough that anyone can get them.  I've played with young kids, too.  Just give them a little extra leeway on words they don't know and they'll be fine.
3780	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The guys that taught it to us the first time had the rules all wrong, but we thought it was fun so we bought the game ourselves.
6857	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Everyone loves this game! My daughter said there is even an app for it (?) I'm glad I bought it. My 7 year old can do the beginner cards with no problem!
9838	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is 20 months old and just got this for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. It's well built and I like the small windows so I can see her inside of of it. The only bad thing is it takes up a lot of room, so its a bit cramped in our 1 bedroom apartment. However, the smiles on her face make the lack of space well worth it. It's also easy to put away and take out again. Just be careful when you open the velcro straps because it does spring out.
If you're looking for something to wet your competitive drive, or you are just looking for a good educational toy for the classroom, "Trouble" is anything but.
7452	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's just like when we were kids!  Great game for the price and our daughter loves it!
3157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I gave this doll to my grandaughter for Christmas even tho she's still too young to do anything more than chew on it. (which she loves to do-glad it's washable) It is adorable. I'm sure it will be a favorite.
  I only payed $14.99, so it was a great buy. For that price I had to buy two...

1502	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The first in the Alan Moon Ticket To Ride series is a great game. TtR America is really a game where you are searching for the best path and trying to take it before your competitors do. In addition it requires you to find a path and on some level manage your resources (cards). When we first got this game my friends and I played it incessantly.

8346	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I remember this game when I was little and I loved it.  I am so glad that my 5 year old gets to play it now :)

952	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great family game
8403	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 9 year old loves this game.  A little challenging to put together at first, but after that it is easy.
The average game plays out the same way ninety-nine percent of the time...draw train cards...draw train cards...make a connection and score points...draw train cards...draw train cards...make a connection and score points...draw train cards...draw train cards...draw train cards...etc. Players will sometimes draw ticket cards if they feel that they can make the new random connections the cards task them with before the game is over, but doing this is optional.
If you have made your own screen (as have I on many occasions) - switch it out for this one.
3932	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great little ship that adds a bunch of new rules and strategies to xwing
6142	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ok
Mats for every character. These are in full color, and are about half as large as the original RDI mats. You don't have places for the decks, but you can throw these on top of them, or play without them.
Much to my surprise this is actually the best set of knives we own. We are incredibly sharp, cut like a dream and clean very easily. After 2 years of use and no sharpening they still are amazing. Definitely worth the money!

8248	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I had a Candyland board game as a child and I remember loving the game. I haven't played it recently, but I sure can tell you that I played with my younger brother, parents and grandparents EVERY DAY and it never got old.
2940	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for a friend and she seemed very pleased with it.

668	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for the entire family, and portable enough to be a "travel" game in the car.  Great fun for EVERY age.
6949	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Cant go wrong with Stratego to burn time. My favorite board game and takes skill to selectively place your pieces and conquer your opponent
9936	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Worked exactly as expected. All 5 of our butterflies hatched. Only one was not able to fly away. I would and will buy more butterflies and do this again!
If your kids get way into it, if you have a few other brushes laying around it really helps with the more detail stuff they want to try out.
4573	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Scrabble takes forever and keeping score sucks.


9828	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I must've been sleep deprived when I pulled the trigger when these were featured as an Amazon Lightning Deal item, because I thought they were Lincoln Logs. They're actually pretty good quality logs - very sturdy and have withstood my 2 year old's abuse. The wood are finely cut/pressed and after a thorough inspection, can say with surety that there are absolutely no splinters or any dangerous bits poking about. I've caught my dogs chewing on a couple of them so if your kids end up neglecting the logs or relegating them to the abandoned toys section, they work pretty good as doggy chew sticks.

So that is the only reason why I marked it down 2 points.  But besides that this game comes with a TON OF STUFF.  For our first game we only used roughly 35-40 pieces/cards and this game includes well over 600 or so if I'm not mistaken.  Meaning that there is a ton of content for this game and replay value.
7979	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This was a Christmas gift for my 3 year old. It's a cool toy - the money is fairly realistic and the buttons are easy to press. The screen could be a bit bigger as it's can be a bit tough to see (it's great toddler height, but not so much for bigger people kneeling next to them) I do wish there was something more for the drawer than just an open button. Something akin to the older generations where you entered an amount and hit the button to open it. The credit card is a nice touch.
7111	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This cash register is great!  It was a little larger than we expected and appears to be sturdy.  It runs on solar power like most calculators so it doesn't need batteries.  The play money is the most realistic play money I have ever seen.  Our kids are having a lot of fun with it.  After considering several different cash registers I am very happy that I picked this one.
8287	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my godaughter who was 4 at the time and she LOVED it!  She was SO excited to get a game that her Godmother and mother played when they were little girls like her.
First of all, Argent: The Consortium is a huge game.  Make sure you have a ton of space to play on, because you'll have university tiles, player boards, bell tower cards, spell cards, item cards, and more all over the board.  Seriously, this may be the largest game in terms of sheer playing space that I have ever played- and I've played Arkham Horror with expansions and Firefly: The Game!  Game play itself is a lot of fun, as players are bombarded with options and potential strategies.  There is really a ton of things that you can do in this game, and a ton of things that can happen to you.  In this sense, Argent: The Consortium's strength is also its biggest weakness.  Players who suffer from analysis paralysis will really suffer in this game (as will those who play with them- waiting for their turn), and even seasoned players will agonize over the best path to victory.  Still, this does mean that the game has significant replayability.
8231	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great item.
1974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has to be the cutest idea ever.  I have seen so many cute ideas from other people on facebook.  Not only is it good for the little ones, but adults are having a ball with it too.
1010	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a wonderful game - filled with strategy and challenges.  It's pricey, but it sure beats Monopoly and Uno.
6944	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Works fine
4625	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We made up some of our own rules and enjoyed playing Bananagrams more then. The first one to use up all their first 21 tiles is the winner.

Sure, at this rate this game will not last too long, but sure makes me feel proud!! And when she's done, I can put the game away and pull it out in couple of months and start all over again.
5277	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A friend gave my daughter one of these. There are some great videos of how to play on Youtube. We loved it so much I bought one for my sisters family and my brothers family. It's one of those simple games that adults can enjoy as well as children.
5721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This variant is easy enough to understand: Everyone is a pirate and the goals and themed New Rules will be piratey in nature. Arr! Ye defines the game as it goes, so ye do, and there be little point in long-term strategy since the goals be a-changin faster than the wind at Cape Horn, so they do.
4681	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a 9 year old birthday gift and he loved it. Now moms requestthis gift from us when we go to parties. It's very well made.
Outside of game play, I have noticed them taking turns with toys and not fighting as much.  They still fight, just not as much. They share their toys a lot better.  I didn't expect that to happen. I don't think people really think that a board game would be able to teach kids life lessons, but its surprising how they carry the little things into their everyday interactions.
-1 Poor value

(2) Bright Hope, a unique 5 point upgrade that lets a reinforce token count as two evade tokens (rather than just one) when it is assigned to the fore section of your ship.
The box fits perfectly in the cubby cupboards that are popular right now.
658	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	exactly as expected.  Compact enough to take out with us.

2737	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This toy appears to be well made and is a very good likeness to the storybook character.
247	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A simpler take on Dungeons and Dragons. No need for a DM, the game plays it out for you. Do you just want to dungeon crawl? Hack and slash your way to victory! Solo missions are available and this game can be mixed easily with other editions of the games! Tons of cards and miniatures. Worth every cent.
Wedge alone makes this expansion worth getting in my opinion, as he is the highest ranked (Level 9) Rebel pilot in the game, with an awesome offensive special ability, "When attacking, reduce the defender's agility value by 1 (to a minimum of `0')."
5848	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This book is a ton of fun!  Fun to see the color-by-number drawing and fun to see what your own color-choice drawing looks next to the color-by-number picture.  Even kids five and up would be able to color this book if they are the patient, studious type of kid.  Bouncing-off-the-wall kids probably would not be able to sit still long enough to enjoy their progress.  I don't worry about quickly finishing a drawing, I just like the "ozone" time I get coloring at my own pace.  Great for winding down and chilling out!
6786	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A classic, I can play this game everyday, no problem!
The only limit is your imagination.
That is a link to a video showing them playing it.  It is worth watching.
Amazon made it right by sending us another kit. This time from arrival, you can tell right away that most of them were alive as they were active, except 1. So 9 caterpillars.
8367	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I loved this game as a kid and the 7 year old that I gave it to for Christmas also loved it. He really likes the mouse moving through the plastic pieces. It is a great buy and was convenient to order and have delivered.
2474	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Ok
9754	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	saw this at school being used so got one (and the addition one as well) for home.


8696	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These things are so fun! The adults play with it more than the kids do.
692	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves being able to organize and designate her money.

7893	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good
garage; shop; and barn. You can COUNT on the fact that wherever my SOCKETS
395	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really cute doll, fairly good size too.  You have to buy the bean filled animals separately, Also bought book to go along with it.
3371	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	So Fantasy Flight continues with its by now well stablished reputation of always releasing games with future expansions in mind. Sometimes it works, sometimes not.
3030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived promptly. A fun addition to the birthday party!
Qwirkle is a tile game similar to a letter-less Scrabble or a simpler version of dominoes.  The object is to create rows of tiles, either all of one color using six different shapes, or all of one shape using six different colors.  Points are accrued based on the number of tiles in the row(s) you've just completed (not necessarily the number of tiles you lay down), and "Qwirkles" (completed rows of six) are worth twelve points!  And of course, the highest score wins.
6776	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	all 3 of my kids (age 6, 9 and 12) love this game.  Very fun, makes them think and even though it is made for 1 player, I like listening  to them strategize together!
3024	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very cute. I'm happy with my purchase.

As an added bonus, the letters on the cards are modeled after Celtic illuminated manuscripts, such as the Book of Kells.  This makes the cards a treat to look at as you play.
9513	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Hoping my son can memorize this. It helped my daughter a great deal.when she was little.
360	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a really fun expansion to the great Lords of the Water Deep game. I gave it 4 stars because it can get a bit boring after about 7-8 games.  But it does add to the play in different and fun ways.  I find the cards that came with it more entertaining then anything on the board.  the concept of skulls (and negative points) and derivatives of this is quite interesting particularly at first.  You can incorporate this in.  I will say though that if you are a savvy group of players you can learn to master this rather fast.

2917	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Oh my goodness!!! These are adorable!!!
Easy to learn, fun game.
3744	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesomely expandable bluffing card game without the headache of trying to acquire rare cards. The base set can be played without expanding the game but fans who want a level playing field have to pay attention to what cards their opponent has access to. The game is a complete experience with just this base set but buying additional base sets or packs allows for better deckbuilding options and new card effects.


4--Doing/sorting the various problems helps you think in english vs thinking in (spanish) native language because its explained in english. (my theory).


8631	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic game! Easy enough for a 6-year old to keep up and enjoy and fun and interesting enough for adults to want keep playing again and again! My husband, as a matter of fact, said that he is trying to figure out how to bring this game to his poker night next time and bet on it! Don't take me wrong - there is no gambling evolved at all! This game keeps your interest and memory and luck in check all the time! And at the end of it your little ones get to add up the pints! I would recommend this game for everyone, any age!

7421	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My granddaughters love this cash register!  The plastic/paper money is printed as real money, so makes a great learning skill too!
4812	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is the first time I purchase a doll that has its guts hanging out. I totally loved it. It is a great way that I am exposing my children to the human body. The inside parts do feel gooey. My 7 year old was weary of touching them at first. We had so much fun talking about the body parts. Next stop Museum of Science and Industry. They have a whole exhibit on animals and you can see the muscle and bone.
Please note that I received this at a discounted price, so I could review it.
Some of our favorite things about the cash register:
8606	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 9 and 5 year old like this game, and so do I.  I want to play it more than them I think.  Fun family time and keeps everyone entertained.  I was so tired of playing Candy Land.  Great idea!!
8017	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this register well over 2 years ago here on Amazon. My girls still play with it on a regular basis. It is sturdy and works well. Ours has even fallen quite a few times and it hasn't broken. Some reviewers say it is cheaply made, I don't agree at all. It is very nicely made, the colors are bright , the calculator works fine and all the number  buttons work very well.
-colorful dice
3091	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All other brands of tweezers I have tried have been very frustrating to use. Those from Tweezerman are the only ones that hold onto fine hairs well enough to pull them out.
That said, this is a WONDERFUL game for preschoolers that teaches counting and in a silly and subtle way, right and wrong.  When a player lands on a spot depicting a good deed, they get to climb a ladder as a reward.  Our kids LOVE to discuss the images and/or comment on the actions that are being rewarded.  Conversely, bad deeds or actions lead a player to lose their position in the game by sliding backward on a chute toward the start space.  They have worked it so that a simple ill-timed bad action in the last spaces of the game can result in a complete shakeup by upsetting what seemed like certain victory for a particular player.  This shake up in the action gives hope to whomever is bringing up the rear in the race to the finish line.
2757	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son absolutely loves his Pete the Cat. Created beautifully and strong. It can withstand two toddlers constantly adoring and playing with their Pete.
If you're a die-hard Harry Potter fan, this puzzle is for you.  If you are a puzzle aficionado, run far from this brand.  It will only frustrate you.  The pieces do not stay together well and the slightest bump dislodges them.
6761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this game! My grandpa kept this in his game room when I was younger so I just had to buy it for myself.
8442	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for kids and one that older people can appreciate as well.  Some people don't like this game because it takes a while to set up, but to me that is the whole fun of the game.  When I was younger I use to set it up and just set off the trap to watch it.  The game play is just your run of the mill roll the dice and move but the trap makes this one not to miss.
7709	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because it was on sale one day, and put it into my son's playroom.  I thought it would be good to learn about counting and practice shopping. I had no idea it would be such a hit.  He never asked for one, but was so excited when it was in his room.  When we have play dates we have both boys and girls who flock to it to play store.  So I can definitely recommend it.  It is built well, it holds up to being dropped on the floor, the money is cute.  And kids seem to love it.
7308	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun twist on"slapjack"! Our family had enjoyed this fun game for years and we just bought one for our cousins.
314	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an AMAZING add on.  The first time I played Lords of Waterdeep, we played with this, so I thought the skulls and different things were all part of the game.  I was actually a bit disappointed when I played again and it wasn't part of the game.
6229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Just a great concept -- easy to learn, very durable, and is an impressive flier at any price! You'll want extra batteries and make sure to shave the nubs off the connectors so that they can be pulled apart easily. With supervision from a person that knows how to fly it, I know a 12 year old can do fine. (14 years old recommend by the maker.)

The game-board is approximately 18"x24" in size.  Initially, the board seemed rather small, however, I suppose the smaller size makes it easier for a child to reach across the entire board.  Very colorful as always, although the subject matter of the game seems to increase the craving for sweets afterwards.
6480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is for the next future student of the month.  I know they will learn from the challenges.  I might have to get this for myself.
9880	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The eggs are difficult to get apart and whilst younger kids may be able to match the shapes they do not yet have the dexterity to get the eggs apart and back together again. My daughter is four and has difficulty getting the eggs apart. She does use them in her pretend kitchen though. The colors are nice and they look like real eggs - so it is basically a good product, but if you are thinking of them for a two year old think again - they will only get frustrated. Better to wait until they are older unless you can assist.
6816	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 7 year old loved it! It great cuz you need to think!

When my daughter brought her newborn over to visit, I noticed my niece down on the floor next to his baby carrier, whispering in his ear. I asked her what they were talking about, and she answered "He wants some candy". I rest my case. Even a two-week-old with zero language skills can find a way to express his inborn addiction to all things sugary sweet. Or maybe my niece thought this tiny creature everyone was cooing over had a better chance of scoring some candy than she did.
Now none of this is going to make your old school X Wing dominant, the 'patches' FFG has done through newer cards that can work on her just haven't reached that point, they will however allow you to use it and not have it be a liability.
Great for lots of different ages.
162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love these magnets, they are adorable! Just a little pricey and not a good assortment of the alphabet; came with one of every letter but gave doubles of not most commonly used letters. Had to come back and by more sets to have all the letters I needed. Would still recommend these.
Ticket to Ride has an amazing consensus on Amazon.  Almost everyone seems to love it.  This now includes our family.  We played it for the first time recently, and it was great fun.  Many others have already described the mechanics of the game.  The game board is a large fold-out map of the United States and Canada, with routes connecting various cities, sometimes with designated colors, sometimes without.  The goal is to amass points by 1) building routes by collecting cards of certain train colors, 2) building longer routes to increase point totals, 3) blocking opponents' routes along the way.  There are bonus points for the longest route built.  The longer the route between cities, the greater the number of points.
9274	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market. Another must have for train extending. We have about 10 sets of these. It makes it really easy for our son to build whatever he wants. Another great product.
Summary:

2943	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Wish holes were a little bigger. But the kids love them

2176	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This ally pack is awesome! I always played as Zot the Wizard, so it only makes sense to play as Pooky. His crazy meter is fun and can really hurt the other players if you have the right card. This is definitely one of my favorite packs!

6948	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is very fun. Not too hard to learn. This particular edition is very good. It's the one we grew up with.
The dice popper can be a little difficult at times but other than that this is a great game to play together and have some fun with each other.

3166	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for over a year and they really do keep the food fresher and I am not throwing away my leftovers anymore!  Great product!

4492	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Great game and packaged to take with you on trips. Lots of fun. Plan to give a few of these away as presents.
6469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We had this for YEARS and REALLY loved it!!! If you want a great toy cash register,  don't hesitate to order this one today! And, believe me, you're children won't be the ONLY ONES playing with it!!!
803	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Strategic game and fun. Takes about an hour to play.
8651	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It's all been said before...but this game is really great.  My 6 y.o. says it is her favorite game.  It's educational and fun- what a perfect combo!  My almost-4-y.o. plays too, but often needs help.


96	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A nice craft - for my 6 year old would've been impossible for her to do on her own - but we enjoyed doing it together.
In addition, to the above cards, players can play surprise and action cards, that change the game and might have different outcome if played during your turn, or during someone else's turn.
I have ordered several other adult dot-to-dot books. I recommend everyone taking time out to try this craft, you may find you like the change and challenge.
How to play: One person sets up the code (code master) using colored pegs.  The other person (code breaker) needs to break the code in less than 10 tries to win.  The code master lets the code breaker know if she/he has the correct colored pegs in the correct order each round.  The code breaker has 10 chances to break the code.  If the code breaker figures it out he/she gets a point, if not the code master gets the point.  Then players switch sides and scores can be kept on the board for most wins.
8275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We have enthusiastically played Candy Land with each of our three kids.  It is easily the best starting point for introducing a child to board games.  Players take turns drawing from a deck and moving their pieces around the board.  The cards have one or two squares of a particular color (such as red, green, yellow, etc.) and players move pieces ahead on the path to the next matching spot of the same color.  No counting or reading is required.  There are also special cards that can move a player ahead or behind, and they are indicated by  picture of the spot on the board to which the player should move their piece.  Play continues until one player reaches the end.
1072	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids like to play it and it is a great game
2749	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this guys is really cute.  I love that my kiddo has something small to get him excited about a book series.
The expansion also includes all tokens, dials, etc. that you need to use this ship in a game.
The insides are kind of gushy, and sticky, so they stay put, no little tabs to break off! The pamphlet it comes with is also very useful. I highly recommend this to any homeschooling family
Cons:
3925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it.  Very detailed.
-Equipment that you can offer the doctor to help save him (such as a warm blanket, a flare gun, or "shark spray").
Quick and easy to learn with advanced play that will challenge all hard core gamers.
5927	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Dungeon Roll

3243	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you're not careful, this game will turn you and your friends into the cast of Game of Thrones. It's incredibly fun playing the Risk-style war games, but it's even better vying for the Throne, the Raven and the Sword. These tools can tip the game for or against you at pivotal moments, and if the wildlings attack that just makes the game more interesting as it briefly turns from competitive to cooperative. Just don't trust your friend who says she'll help you defeat the army invading you. She really just wants your land for herself! Great fun!
7583	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great
Acquire plays a bit differently than the other games I've played. The closest comparison I could possibly make to what I've already reviewed is Airlines Europe. In both games, you're buying stock and whoever has more of certain stocks / colors often reaps the biggest reward when payouts occur. More on that in a minute.
3547	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The stickers are cute and not expensive, the preschoolers loved them as award incentives. I have purchased other packs and love them all.
1515	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great medium concentration game.  The strategy is not too tricky, but challenging enough to hold your interest.  Basically, you either collect or play train cards on your turn.  You need to have the same number and color to play on a route, and then you connect your routes to match the bonus on your ticket.  The score for routes increases by the number of train cards needed, from 1 point for 1 to 15 points for 6.  My only complaint is that there are a few tickets that might be weighted a little high and lucking into one of these on the initial draw gives a slight advantage.  You get a higher bonus to connect farther apart cities, but some of these have longer routes between them which give you a bonus already.  Overall, a solid and very fun game.
7623	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Lots of fun
6260	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	One is my son's truck. The other was used to build my scale truck. $130 bucks why not 2.4 gig remote upgrade as things break and make it your own rig. ya sure the rear diff went out on my son's but not after beating it on trail runs and rock crawling. For a beginer in r/c it is cheap and you can learn lots from it. I'm not into rock crawling yet but I will buy one again when I build scale trucks... or start rock crawling.
1285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The game is kinda easy but yet interesting. Good time spent with the family - we played it several times in 2 weeks and it has not annoyed us yet.
2338	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game is wonderful! Yet another amazing game from this company!  Although it was a little hard for my three year old, he came up with his own way to play and loved it!  I know that he is going to be able to grow into this game. My friends' children also love this game. I would highly recommend this game!
9418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Idea is great but quality of pieces and cards could be better
2748	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	and couldn't wait to add this to his backpack (he's 8 and I came across this whilest searching for a dinosaur backpack pull which we did end up also finding/getting, but there was no way he was NOT going to get this too!)  Looks so funny/cute on his backpack - he is very pleased as am I.
9351	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	it is a big loud drum I bought for my niece to exact revenge on my sister for years of crap.  I can't think of a better way to "send my love"- I'll be buying a trumpet for her next birthday.
1264	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game for competition. If you buy one everyone will be over your shoulder in awe telling you the next move to make. Great game and the levels are fun to figure out as they get harder.
Overall:
[...]
8370	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.  fast delivery
8945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My son loves these toys. His teacher had them in their class room and he came home asking for them. He built several cars with it. They are great.

The way that the Advanced rules work (with weather options, tire options, individual car components), players graduating to car customization and specialized characters (with their own unique special abilities) really add increasing replay-ability and much more fun (and trash talk).  This easily makes this boxed version both a gateway game (beyond simple PB and MB games) to some serious party fun.  Depending on the rules you play, how many laps, and the skill/amount of players playing...a typical game can be anywhere from 20-60minutes.
2791	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	This hand puppet was very disappointing and expensive for what it is. First off, it's quite small- only little hands can fit comfortably inside. The puppet is supposed to follow the story, Pete the Cat and His Four Groovy Buttons, but it only confuses children. The second from top button, which is attached with velcro allows one to pull it off, which is great. However, the other buttons are stationary, so when children try to follow the story and pull the buttons, they rip at the shirt, nearly destroying the toy. I don't recommend at all. If I had physically seen one first, I would not have purchased.
3881	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sweet!

9480	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my kids favorite toys of all time.  The drum itself is very durable.  Both of my kids have stood on it - and beat it like you wouldn't believe and it still looks brand new (besides the crayon marks all over the top).  Last Christmas, I bought my kids many instruments and this is by far one of the best purchases that I made.  My now 1-year old son has loved playing with this for the past 6 months.  At first, he would only use his hands to beat it and now he uses the mallets.  My daughter also loves to play lots of songs for me.  Great purchase!
9566	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Bigger than expected. Also is much more time consuming to setup that I thought. Returned.
I love the Beatle cartoon series. I loved it as a child and love it now and own the cartoons on video. This is an excellent way of introducing new generations to the Beatles.
2278	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	He's fine. I love that his limbs are bendable. That's important. He's cute, but if you're going to make your elf do silly or mischievious things, the look on his face doesn't really match up. Also, I wasn't impressed with the storybook it came with. Not bad, just not very compelling. We'll keep him and use him again, however.
Wrong, this game is not really a game, so much as it is interactively telling the story of Lord of the Rings.  No decisions feel important and the game forces you down the path to tell the story the way it was in the books.  If you fail at something you have to keep trying until the story works its way out, otherwise you lose.
5053	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun fame. We all enjoy or.
You can take this on a train
7633	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Got this to go with my kids play food so they could shop.  It's a working calculator and the drawer pops open with a ding.  We laminated the money to make it more sturdy.

1261	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love to play this version game as well as the others.  It has been a family favorite.
1852	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandson was excited to get it

8137	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
3727	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a fun game! Will you be the mighty corporation planning domination of the crafty runner with your own agenda? Fast and fun.
7076	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a fast moving game where you have to make your parter guess this word without you using the Taboo words. The educational value is the thinking on words but not using the Taboo words which at times could be hard. I recommend you buy this game. Really fun.

Interaction
504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family really enjoy this card game. It's a card version of Scrabble and is a faster playing game then Scrabble. All-in-all a great family game!
2303	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love Love Love this! Not only is it very well made but the story and elf have provided a lot of fun reading it.
Set Enterprises is known for good solid games that are educational, fun and easy to learn. They make great travel games and Quiddler Junior is no exception.
1430	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game for families or casual game players.  It has a fun premise of trying to build out a rail network to collect the most points.  There is not much strategy involved as it is much more oriented toward random distribution of the cards.  That said for a 45 minute game it is fun!
6042	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	At least, it's back. One of the most famous Formula One board games, out of print for such a long time, is finally published again.


9200	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	a nice add-on to a set
My only complaint is that it only has one difficult level. The Disney version of Scene it had two sets of questions - one for adults, one for children. I wish that Star Trek Scene It had two sets of questions - one for casual viewers and one for hardcore trekkies. It makes it difficult to find somebody to play with when most your friends are only casual fans while you could recite the entire scripts to episodes in your sleep :-p... some questions are very easy, but a lot are obscure.
945	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My adult children love this game! The quality of this product is wonderful!
7677	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game to play with your little ones.
987	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game!.  Everyone I've played this with picks it up really quickly and enjoys the game play.
2333	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids ages 10, 8, 5 and 3 LOVE looking for Christopher each morning.  THey get so excited when they find him.  Even my 10 year old wonders what he does each night when he moves.  They believe in his magic.  Sometimes the elf gets into a little mischief before finding his next hiding place.  Great tradition to begin!  At first they were a little spooked by him, now they love him!

5181	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite games.  We play it all the time because it's simple.  Anyone can learn it, even kids.  But it's still challenging for whatever level you are at.  Great family game.
Only thankful I had it mailed to myself first.
6034	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good.
Now I do have a question how do I get to review products that are sent to me for free?

8469	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this game!
- The Old Maid set is probably my favorite of the bunch.  The illustrations are cute, clear and just overall well presented.  The Old Maid looks like a frog wearing a dress with a bonnet and a purse.
You play on an 8 x 4 grid of cards that represents the "timeline." Each card in the grid shows a historical event like the JFK assassination or the Lincoln assassination. As the game progresses, players play cards that "alter" the timeline - for example, if JFK was just injured, but wasn't actually assassinated, that would have a ripple effect on events further down the timeline and might create paradoxes.
7956	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It would be cool if the register made sounds when you pushed the buttons and slid the credit card.  Also, there should be more than 3 slots for money - right now it only has room for $1, $5, and $10.  The money that comes with the set is also pretty cheap, so I bought another better set here on Amazon.
3087	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute!
6155	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	An indoor helicopter that is easy to control and survives multiple crashes which invariably happen.  What's not to like?  It will leave marks if it hits people, TVs, or walls.  Be forewarned...  ;)
8377	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super old school fun for the family, put down those electronic devices make some popcorn and have some fun playing this game for some family bonding.
699	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A wonderful way for my sons to learn how to save, spend and share!! Well-made...Highly recommend!
2743	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For anyone who is a Bad Kitty fan, this little guy is a must!  His frazzled expression makes you think he just has an encounter with the dog!
Dear Milton Bradley,
8756	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great for kids to practice anywhere, -at home or in the car. Very handy.
5528	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	If you like Back to The Future, or ever wanted to go back in time and change something, then you'll probably like this game!  It's by the makers of Fluxx, but it's not really a Fluxx game.  It's similar to Chrononauts, everytime you go back in time and change something, there's a ripple effect, but you can fix these effects, and each player has a certain set of objectives they have to reach to win the game.  No one else knows what they are, so when you do or undo one thing in time, sometimes screwing someone else over in the process, you help yourself, or sometimes help you're neighbor.  Will you erase Marty McFly from existence?  Or help Doc create the time machine all over again?  This is definitly a fun game, and who doesn't love Back to the Future?!  (anyone who doesn't should immediatly get their nerd card revoked!)
3250	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful game pieces, beautiful images/cards. Haven't had the opportunity to play the game so rating is based off of looks alone. I will update rating and review after actually pleasing the game. It's gorgeous tho!
7517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a riot! Pit is a commodities trading game where players attempt to corner the market by trading until they get all of a particular commodity. When you've got all of a particular commodity, you ring the bell. The game can get rowdy, but when everyone is yelling at once, there is a certain trading floor atmosphere that develops. We were snowed in with nothing better to do and played Pit for hours.
2721	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This merrymakers otis the tractor he is a plush
6385	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap junk. I expected standard metal lunchbox quality. This is a very thin metal, with a latch that is no match for any child. Ours now holds medicine and bandaids, since it is useless for children.
376	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	ok
2456	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	nice set but it is smaller than expected.

Where to start?
7818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my kids favorit game, and my favorit to play with them. It goes fast and you can stop at any time. You don't have to sit around wating for your turn and you don't have to remind your kids that it is there turn. Every one plays at the same time. It can get a little loud with all the shouting. It is a realy easy concept to understand. My 6 year old can play it just fine. It is best to play with at least four people. I love the fact that this game is almost 100 years old. You know it must be good if it's still around.
4759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun educational toy. It's kind of gross with the insides being sticky, byt it helps it all stay together, and my boys love it. Would recomend it to anyone who's kids are interested in the way the human body works.


8963	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	I actually found these at home goods for [...]...well I am glad I did not pay more than [...]... First off the colors of the dolphins were all messed up..they didn't match their tubes...When I mean they didn't match...they put in whacky colors like red/orange colored dolphin but a yellow tube (no yellow dolphin) then we got two of the same colored dolphins.  Okay..so the colors weren't a huge deal I suppose but then the dolphins wouldn't whistle...that's totally useless...and as someone else mentioned the links don't stay linked. HUGE disappointment!
You will need a steady playing area, something large to spread out on. This game takes up a lot of room and requires that you keep track of lots of little items. We played for about an hour and 15 minutes.
There are some really cool synergies/combos around certain quests, intrigue cards, and buildings. For example, mom completed a quest that allowed her to draw an intrigue card after she plays one and then there's another building that allows you to play multiple intrigue cards (I think 3) and another quest? I think that gives you victory points for intrigue cards. She literally couldn't use all the intrigue cards she accumulated, but it was pretty fun and cool since we had to change our strategy to try to prevent her from playing intrigue cards.
2648	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Civil war era cards, no numbers just 6 spades or whatever. Bringing them to a ghost town party along with some old time poker chips, Sasparilla, and if I can find them, fake cigars...should be fun
6747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It looks like fun. It was a gift.
4902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	too much for 8yr old. I bought this and a calmer dot to dot extreme.  He really struggled with these huge ones.  I made some copies and did them myself and they are involved and time consuming.  takes a lot of patience. if you don't like tedious and precise work you won't enjoy this.  cool to look at your accomplishment in the end though!
2558	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	shopkins
3656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not as fragile as I was expecting it to be. Fairly solid and slightly hefty, it is metal, not plastic. I love the Mass Effect series and this is a great addition to my mancave displays. Highly recommended.
9725	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!

3596	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great value in stickers.  Very nice size and coloring.  Good for rewards or to decorate presents or cards.  Would buy again.
1089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All ages of the family love this game, Granna in her 60s, parents in their 40s and kids in their tweens and teens.

1065	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great game

I also don't feel it was good value for what he learned compared to so of teh other products out there.
It takes up almost no space, comes with its own little carrier bag, and provides hours of educational fun for all ages.
This is fun and very educational.  I will buy the additional sets and give this one as a gift to other kids.  I do wish they put more pieces in it, but it still is worth buying.
What will I need to get to make this as good as it can be in the current game?
75	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	8 yr. old grandaughter loved it along with the ideas it gave.  Perfect project for her.
Here it is!
A unique gift for a creative person in your life, or just to indulge, these magnets are perfection!
Enough foam dividers for you to stock up a single column. I was afraid these would be short. I was horribly wrong. There are a lot of them.

1892	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So cute will use year after year
I find that I actually like this one though. It takes up less space on the table, yet the tiles and board are not so small that they are hard to read.
4982	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyed playing with my 7 year old. It was too difficult for our 4 year old. Combines concepts of scrabble and dominos.
9140	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These, along with a box of long straight tracks, were the perfect addition to the basic figure 8 starter set for my young grandson.

4323	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointed in these tiles!  They're hollow - nothing like Bananagrams tiles from other games I've played.
Overall: a fun fast game, great for waiting when eating out or just use cards for car trivia.
I personally recommend Acquire if you enjoy games with a financial theme to them, in this case, stocks and money. I recommend that players have a calculator handy, especially for the endgame. The poor production values (when compared to versions previous to it) might turn some people off, but I'd recommend putting that aside in your mind to enjoy the game for what it really is.
7758	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The images on this game board are shrunken down so small it's difficult to look at! They should have used a larger board or simpler graphics.
1526	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my kids love it! so much fun! they never got bored with the elf on the shelf
After Arkham Encounters are resolved, the next Phase is Other World Encounters. In this phase you simply draw Other World Encounter cards until you get one that has a border color that is allowable by your Other World and then resolve it. Like Arkham Encounters, these can be good or bad.


2416	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Not as popular as elf but cute.


8354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	thank u so much!!
7736	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Chutes and ladders is an old standby game, but still lots of fun for our younger folk. I purchased this game for our vacation rental so it will be used frequently, I'm sure. Shipping was tough - the box arrived smashed to smithereens and the game box suffered damage, but all the pieces were intact and with lots of packing tape, the box looks like a box again.

535	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game! One of my family's favorites. It's also educational for the kids.

I have organized the books by "difficulty packs" in the following lists...
I didn't give it five stars because it's still growing on me how such a simple game can be fun for more than fifteen minutes. But so far it has been.
7719	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I've loved playing pit for years and have introduced it to many people over the years.  It is a super fun game.  As far as the deluxe in the title, meh.  The bell doesn't seem quite as quality or solid as the one I already owned.  But, it is a bell that everyone loves smashing when they open and corner the market.  Buy it for the game and not the bell.
I've noticed in a lot of other reviews here that many people are surprised by the complexity of this game.  The truth is that this game is of average complexity for a *modern* board game.  I have a suspicions that most reviewers here are fans of SoA and have only played board games that were invented over 50 years ago.  Based on all the other positive reviews, I'm hoping that this game acts as a "gateway" game to other modern board games.
931	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Every family needs this board game!
update, 5 years! Do you still want to buy that other junk? Bosch rules!
795	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our whole family loves this game.  It's a game that kids and adults can pay together and both would find it fun and challenging.  Just came home from a weekend with my niece and her family and we had a really good time playing this.  Highly recommended.
6822	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was an impulse buy for me one day when it went on a lightening deal.  I gave it to my 11 year old and she loved it.  My 9 year old has taken to it as well.  Now they the Rush Hour game Apps downloaded onto their tablets and play all the time.  It's great problem solving, and really makes them think!!
-Has similarities to the Computer game(just less nuances)

Durability
The basis of the game is to get the red car out of the traffic jam in the fewest moves possible.  Graded from beginner to expert, the single player must first set up the puzzle board with the black, gray and red cars.  Then moving one car at a time, spaces open up to eventually slide the red car out of the garage.  This may seem simple to you, but it is not.  This game uses many skills.  First, the ability to match the cars to the picture calls for significant spatial skills.  Then, problem solving, strategizing, and persistence must be harnessed in order to move the cars out of the way.  Let alone, the fine motor to manipulate the cars (though they could easily be moved with a mouth stick once set up).

Is either game right for you?  Well, that depends.  Say Anything and Say Anything Family is a very social experience, one that gets better the more people you have playing.  If its just you and a spouse, it may not be all that rewarding unless imaginary friends are involved somehow (hey, Im not judging).  If you host or attend parties on a regular basis or have regular family game nights that involve more than three people, then either game will fit the bill nicely.  Its a great way for people to learn about each other and well worth the investment.
3229	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game takes a bit to understand and play but once your get the hang of it it's a lot of fun, even my wife played with me (though she was really hesitant and somewhat forced to at first) and she loved it. The game is pretty hard but you can always change the rules a bit to make it easier. I would definitely recommend it, though is not really a casual game, it takes some commitment.
983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	A classic, my family and friends love to play
372	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	The stickers themselves are great.  The package comes with 5 sheets that I separated for goody bags.  However, each sheet is adhered to a thin piece of cardstock with double sided tape making it time consuming to take off.  If not careful you could easily rip the sheet of stickers while removing from packaging.  Removed a star simply because of the packaging; again the stickers themselves are great.
2210	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	was great
112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids LOVE this !
2245	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	I am a Speech-Language Pathologist.  I personally love these cards.  They are fun and well made.  But I do not have one patient that likes these.  I'm not sure why.  But the kids set the pace on my choices.  It is unusual for not one kiddo to like something.  But sadly these sit on my toy shelf.  However I will say I live in rural Alaska and that maybe why they lack appeal.  But I don't usually have this problem.  I would be cautious with this one.
449	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is such a fun game!
6742	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 12 year old daughter has been playing this with everyone who will play.  I was happy to play a game with her that I used as a kid.
9608	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	It is as described but the red rails snap off. We have already lost. Not the products fault. My 3 yr old just has to take everything apart

3916	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it
It can be overwhelming at first to get used to how all of the cards play out. We often spent a minute reading cards aloud along with the interrupt to see the net effect, taking into account line of sight and energy cards that can be played to boost power to certain spells. Once players get used to how to cards work together, gameplay is quick and smooth. Until then, expect to spend a minute or two scratching your head trying to figure out how an odd card is meant to be applied. I had / have the same issue with Magic the Gathering...lots of cards and lots of special rules to take into account. Luckily, Wiz-War is light compared to Magic the Gathering in terms of card variety and complexity.
3482	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I love this screen but it is missing a few nice charts.  I would like an Attack of Opportunity chart.  That would make things easier.  Some of the other combat action info would have been nice too.  It also seems  a little tall.  Probably better to use on a  side table if possible.  Otherwise it blocks the action.

2293	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This little guy is so cute!  I'm so glad I found out about him before ordering Elf on the Shelf.  And who knew that Christopher Pop-in-Kinz has been around since 1985, a mere 20 years longer.  Can't wait to bring him out this year!!!
This beginner box makes easy setup and play for new players easy, despite an in depth rule system.  I think it would be nice if it was like the my old D&D and they continued making modules just for the beginner rules set w/o forcing gamers to adapt to the main core rules.  If I jump to the core rules, I prefer to dictate when I do it.
I really recommend it, I'm 100% buying the other 2 games
- Reconstituting powdered milk without lumps
8105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game
5387	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I knew nothing about this game until our son asked for it for Christmas - after he said he had played it in school!!  Bought the game and even I am very entertained with it!  Good mind exercise and nice twist on a domino theme.

781	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Having played this game multiple times with all ages 8-65 years old, we have made a few modifications. At the beginning of the game, we deal out six train cards instead of four. We also can draw cards and play trains in a single turn. I agree with other reviews that 2-4 is the ideal number. It is a favorite game now in our family. Last January on a no school day, we had three games going and then a championship game and a consolation game. The kids, aged 8-12, only played one game but enjoyed playing and were competitive players. The championship game was game on and very competitive!


====================================================
My son just turned 11. He's been gaming with us since last summer, so he's getting the hang of this cooperative roleplaying thing.
454	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love playing Quiddler and this dictionary helps with the words!  A little different to use but had two dictionaries going at last card party.  I bought 2 more as gifts as we are all Quiddler players.
But, if it's  in wind it will lose control. I would recommend it for a  beginner.
1328	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a fun game, but it takes a while to play it. You'll need to play it once to get all the rules and understand the strategies.
351	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This expansion was fantastic. The new mechanics add a great new set of options to utilize during play and really made games alot closer, as you can utilize the new mechanics to make interesting plays and comebacks. Well worth it for existing players.
9272	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.  A great addition to my grandson's train set.
Visual Appeal - 9/10

5818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Complex and fun challenge for adults and teens. Love the USA theme.
4554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My roommates and I are all in our twenties and we love this! I bought it for one of their birthdays and there is always silly and/or inspiring phrases and poetry on the fridge. This one has a lot of connecting words and if you are only going to get one, I'd suggest this one. Having more boxes from different topics would make it even more fun! But I recommend this for any age and anybody who comes over always participates as well!
And yes, there's a rule preventing that git with the camera removing the only monster of a given type from play by photographing it. He can't permanently kill the entire race of Dark Young just by photographing one dead one, thank Azathoth. (Why yes, I do think the camera is way overpowered, since you ask).
6320	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Meet Lulu and Painting with Lulu is a brand new concept where an app goes along with a physical coloring book.  I love this because my daughter can play with the same coloring book both at home and while we are on the road and crayons would be too hard to keep up with.
1761	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun tradition. Our family loves it so I bought it for my sons school class to have
8059	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The grand kids love this game and for that I am grateful. The Candy Land game is very for kids.
8818	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My kids (10, 8, 5) LOVE this game.  They mostly love it for the stories that my husband and I end up telling, it is a great way for them to learn a bit about our past and who we are.  We are also quite interested in the responses our children have to the cards.  If they ever draw a card that doesn't apply, they just pick up a different one.
1690	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I only bought this because our kids came home from school begging. It is too expensive for what it is worth. Don't feed into the pressure!!!
Cons:

2846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a granddaughter to go along with a Llama Llama book.....she loved it.  I would recommend.

4591	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love it! It helped me put my son on a regular sleeping routina and got my baby sleeping through the night as he got adjusted to listening to the soothing sound. We use one as well in our room and can't sleep without it. LOVE IT!
The gears are really easy to move and manipulate.  My son loved the fact that you can change directions or make it go faster/slower.  He would rearrange the gears and then sit and just watch them.

8082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Grandkids loved it!!
1) Chinese Checkers: The board size -- at 11-1/2 inches diameter -- is ridiculously small, which renders it frustrating to all parties of all ages who attempt to play. It is next-to-impossible for even the most adroit and nimble-fingered adult to play. And even our children at ages 6 and 7, with their teeny tiny fingers, cannot move one ball one space anywhere on the board without disrupting at least a dozen other balls and sending them scattering to the four corners of the Earth. And believe me, this has nothing to do with motor skills or eye-hand coordination!
Bought this as a whim when it was a Lightning Deal - we already have several versions of the game.
1742	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased to start a tradition for my son. Live the idea and live it comes in a nice package for the book and elf. Each year we can put away and will stay very nice.
9315	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well made, attractive.  Like the sticks, as they produce a gentler sound than just wooden sticks.  This replaced one from Toys R Us with a top seemingly made out of paper which was ripped the day after it was given as a gift.  It's a waste to produce such cheap items.  This one will last.

5043	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for everyone in the family. We play this game with toddlers through seniors and everyone has a fun time. The colors and shapes make it easy for kids to play. Teaching them basic strategy is easy too, suggesting they at various options to plot their moves.  So happy I chose this as the family game this year. We will have many hours of family time playing Qwirkle.
6846	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 6-year old, even though the age recommendations were higher.  She's very bright, and this definitely makes her use logic "if I move this here, then this will happen ...."  As a mom with 2 degrees in mathematics, I love, love, love this game.  It's learning without feeling like you are learning.  And, it is something we can do together.  I'll admit - I have done many of the cards after she's gone to bed.  This is absolutely one of the best purchases I have made.  one note - there are lots of little pieces, and it could have been made just a bit sturdier, but I like the travel bag to put everything in when done playing.
1958	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my daughter in law to start the tradition of the elf on the shelf. She was very happy to receive this and we both look forward to many years of fun. As each of children begin to have families I will be sure to make this a gift for them to start the tradition.
3820	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!! Thanks a lot!
The game includes 36 strings of beads, 300 Party Gras Cards and directions, and the zippered bag it comes in is perfect for storage.  The cards to the game include things such as Mind Control....get someone to go to the kitchen, Caught in the Act.....catch someone talking about the weather, Fashion Police.....find someone without jewelry or a watch, Challenge Cards, Go Crazy Cards, each different task tells you how many beads you can 'steal'.
6275	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	great stuff
1612	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  "Harold" is such a welcome addition to our family during the holidays
6195	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived on time and was as described.
Loved the use of her striped bathing suit in the gown and as a collector piece - love the quality and look and packaging.
2697	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 6 year old, loves "Pete the cat" books.  We have most of them.  This game is so easy for him and his 8 year old brother to play.  He doesn't need help playing it no reading involved and the four tokens to move around the board is Pete from different books.  It's just a really cute simple quick game.
6791	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	fun
The main drive of the game is to get through the gates and return to close them. Closing them is good, but sealing them is far, far better. You need five clue tokens or an elder sign item to seal a gate, but you can close it with a difficult skill check. If you are able to seal it, no more gates can ever open on that location, and the sealed gate counts towards your total needed to win the game (this number of total needed to win is based on number of players). Closed or sealed, you get to keep the gate marker as a gate token, which can be useful later in the game. In my experience, the best bet at winning the game is to get everyone together to seal gates. Sometimes that means that some people collect items while one person goes through the gate, so that as soon as the gate explorer comes back, everyone is waiting to give him items (or an elder sign) to help seal the gate.
Because my viewing room is bright during the day, I eliminated plasma sets.  My need for a wide viewing angle and concern over reliability narrowed the field to LCD flat panel models.
554	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Bought this as a prize for an event.  I personally have not played it but the recipient was please to win it and had played before.

7921	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My grandson really likes to play with the blocks. The blocks have great color and a great variety of subjects and colors on the blocks.
6446	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Game fell apart - it's really really cheap.
3133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a simple and basic design, available from many companies.  But, I really like this one.  It seems well made and is attractive.  But, most of all it is comfortable for my cats.  They really love using it!  From one to four cats is on it at any given time, as they pile onto it together. I am not sure why it is so special for them, but I already bought a "back up" for when they ruin this one!  There have been a couple of vomiting issues from the lazy ones already, and it spot cleaned real well.  So, I would highly recommend this bed.
I have to say that I wish I had this pair of Z-Bend two years ago. I have wasted so much piano wire trying to perfect the z-bend and of course the "modified z-bend". This tool by Hobbico is 100% A W E S O M E !  You simply put a piece of piano wire in the mouth of the tool, and press the handle closed in your hand and Voila, a perfect z-bend.
8411	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My six year old son loves this game.  We have a lot of fun playing it together as a family.  Just like I remembered it!
Replacement Rows - Used in conjunction with the enlarged sheets, you may blindly take one or two of these rows and place them over the rows on your sheet.  Not only does this vary the buildings that are available, but each player's sheet is no longer identical to all the others.
It would definetly be easier to learn with an easier version if Fluxx but this was our first so it is doable to learn on this version.
1378	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is my go to game that I bring with me for new gamers or gaming groups.  It's one of the essentials to own.  Easy to learn, fun to play. mechanics are rock solid, and the components all just work.
9808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful homeschool science project. My children were captivated by the opportunity to raise their own butterflies and watch them go through their metamorphosis. Well worth the money for all the educational and entertainment value it holds for children and their adults.
6252	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i want another one, great 4x4,
687	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This has been so great for teaching my kids about money. Before we just had a piggy bank for each of them and my son never wanted to spend his money on anything. This was kind of a good thing, but at the same time, I wanted him to feel free to spend his money some of the time. The Moonjar makes it easy for him to divvy up his allowance and birthday money. We also love the "How the Moonjar Was Made" book.
The end of the book has instructions (with illustrations) for putting the body back together. If I were to do it over again, I would save the piece of plastic film that originally held the organs in place so that I could put it back on in the end. The model comes with a stand to display the body, but in the upright position the organs do have a tendency to start oozing out of the open abdominal area.  For now we tucked a piece of plastic wrap over the body before we snapped the front part of the "skin" back in place.
3318	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Good for the price. The game is a right choise for fans. This second edition update the history with season 2 especial moments.
Awesome Dice
1759	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a gift and didn't quite understand why someone would give an adult a doll so I just put it on the shelf. This thing is creepy... Day 1: found elf sitting in a different spot, maybe someone else moved it. Day 2: found elf on my bathroom floor after I swore I saw him in the living room this morning. Day 3: finally set up a camera, saw him moving in the middle of the night. Day 4: ran it over with my car and threw it in the garbage but that night it found its way into my bed. Day 5: I couldn't take it anymore so I moved out of my house. It's the only way the elf has left me alone. If you get this as a gift, all I can say is RUN!!!
My Arkham friends and I play with this and Dunwich and not a lot else.
844	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for our family.  Our children range from 11-15 and we all like it.
3747	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Well designed for new players. The character sheets walk the new player through the process of game play and upgrading your character. The adventure module walks the game master through the process and gives great tips on how to make the game more fun for the players.

3056	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Live it
901	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so fun for the entire family!  It isn't too long, so you aren't committed to hours of play, but long enough that you get some quality time.  My 9 year old is able to play and understand the rules, but it is also fun for just the adults.  Highly recommend!
856	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Very complicated and too hard for my family to learn. We returned it.
Basically, you have to control an area, run drugs, guns and combat rival gangs to win. You trade, you take action and you make deals with other player to advance. They have all the characters and world that is shown in the Sons of Anarchy television show, which makes it fun for the fans, but you don't have to know the show to play, you can just use it as biker game for those that haven't seen the show.
it's a great game.
6925	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I gave this game to our daughter for Christmas. When she first unwrapped the present she looked uninterested. Later that day she pulled it out and asked what it was about. We got it out and tried it out. Instantly she was hooked as was I. This game is really a great game, but it is also a wonderful educational product. It truly teaches thinking skills and as a homeschool parent I can truly appreciate that. I highly recommend this for anyone regardless of where or how your children are schooled!!!!

3329	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent adventure game for groups. It's very easy to pick up and to teach. Talisman is a perfect introductory game for people newer to board games. The game does have a fairly long runtime, and can get a bit repetitive as you grind along to build up your character, but every game is a very rewarding and fun experience.
640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	very funny
2679	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Groovy
7011	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a teacher at a preschool and I bought this toy cash register for the children in my classroom. First, it came with play money which is great but that quickly got ripped, which is fine because the children enjoyed making their own play money.  I love that it has sounds and is easy for the children to use. It also incorporates a little math which is nice. Overall a great buy!
1694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm satisfied with this purchase.

6126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Its a fake, its not the real figure. that being said i still really like it. its a cheap price and it is pretty cute and well made. if you are looking for a authentic version look somewhere else tho.
7700	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My family has played Pit for as long as I can remember.  My problem is this:  whenever I bring it to someone else's home to play, they love the game so much I end up giving the game to them.  I have to keep purchasing this same game over and over again.  Guess that's a good review, eh?
8876	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nephen love Noise these days. so he can stop playing with it
Rules can easily get out of Control
6864	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for our son who loves to build things. I figured that he could use this to make up structures to go along with his angry birds game.
5768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my godson who's having difficulty learning Spanish hoping this will help him
3213	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	In happy homes is a good improvement to a fun game, I perfer the unwelcome guests as far as a new mechanic added to the game but the houses are fun I enjoy the new family and the additional cards as variety.
7245	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	must have game for little ones!
VERY easy to play. Minimal of pieces to get lost or broken. Even if the little tokens get lost you can use nearly any small object as a game piece. If you have more than 4 kids that want to play at the same time It's also good to know this.  The game tokens, pawns... whatever you want to call them are a little bigger, assumedly to accommodate smaller players and have easily recognisable cartoon children on them. Fun for the whole family but possibly older kids might get bored with it sooner. For me, I just enjoyed seeing my child laughing and having family time that didn't involve TV, computers, cell phones or tablets.
7974	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Grand children enjoying this game along with adults.
7335	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Does my 4 year old like it?  Yes. Which is why it gets two stars. The game goes on FOREVER!  I'm not sure why there are not more complaints about this. The game could last 30 minutes, easily without some creative losing by an adult. I am all for a longer game, but that is not what I look for in a card game for kids. A strategy game, sure. This one is being hidden on the top shelf of the game closet.
2540	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My kids are always bugging me to play words with friends on my computer, now we can all play, any time! The tiles don't so much as "Lock" into place as they are 'held' by teeny posts. if the board is bumped the tiles will still go off the board. But it still plays great and the kids really like it. I'll have to keep playing and beating them, I'm sure they'll be beating me soon enough!
1075	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It's a fun game. It takes strategy and builds thinking skills. We have played it often when friends are over.
5688	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game is a good game and is a nice fun filled game to play with a friend at game night
7160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to learn and play.
6296	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This is a cute plushie of the already adorable Lapras.  The main problem is that the head is heavier than the body, which means unless I prop it up against something it falls flat forward on its head.  I'm not sure if this was done intentionally, but I can assure you the lapras I received does not stand up straight like the one in the picture.  If you have something that you can prop it up with this should not be a problem, but it is something the consumer should be aware of.


8825	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for starters. Good condition and feel. Excellent value for a beginner. Makes a good, fun gift as well.

The rules are easy to pick up, and it's a fun game for those who love words. If you're not a good speller, pass this one up.

5653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game has been a great staple for my nephew and I. We love the sci-fi fantasy aspects of the game and the non-copyrighted keepers like the Lazer Sword. I play fluxx frequently and love it!
2133	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun set of playing cards with Shakespeare's insults written on them.  The cards work well for playing but can add to the fun by reading the insults out loud.  I gave them as stocking stuffers as well as keeping a set for my family.  Lots of fun and a tad educational, too!
2835	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my granddaughter who is 12 mo. old. We read the Llama books daily.  It is a great size and the quality is really nice.
* No animal byproducts, those secondary slaughterhouse products that are not generally consumed by humans - such as lungs, spleens, brains, blood, beaks, feet and feathers.
5391	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love this game.  My daughter starting playing it when she was six.  It is easy to learn and fun to play.
6285	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	For my kids, they loved it. Very soft and looks just like the pic
Once the delve is over, the adventurer passes the dice to the left and play begins again with that player.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Set. Enterprises
863	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a great game!  The whole family loves to play it!  It makes you think and plan ahead.  Worth the money.
790	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun, entertaining game.  My 8 year-old needed some help and lost interest after awhile, but my 11 year-old enjoyed it.


3345	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A great board game - creates a sense of frantic panic. Really wonderful as it promotes strong teamwork and communication. Takes a bit to learn, but suprisingly simple to play once you learn the rules. Game box was shipped slightly torn, but all the parts are in prefect condition. Shipped very fast.
5546	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We love all the Fluxx games.
Four panels - for the win!  Now you can have the info you need and run with two sheets behind the stand: map and campaign notes for example.
On that note...keep them indoors.  Sunlight tends to saturate the sensors on the remote controller / copter and can cause unpredictable maneuvers. :-)

7162	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great card game for the whole family. Fast paced and easy to learn. Great for all ages.
Don't let the price tag sway you.  If you're a fan of the series, it's well worth the price. You won't be disappointed.
6819	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We loved playing this game because it seems too simple but the higher level puzzles are quite tough and require some good brain exercise. We also enjoyed creating our own puzzles using the game pieces.
It is a highly strategic game and players can cut off other players from continuing on their path, and with several players, the board gets crowded, making it a challenge to connect your cities, which is a lot of fun!

946	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	CLASSIC! This is great fun! Easy to learn, hard to master! Can you build the most routes? Get the 1910 expansion! The cards that come with the game are small. The expansion replaces those cards with normal sized cards. This game will last at least an hour with three people. You take turns collecting cards that you essentially use to buy different routes to complete. The routes are semi-chosen by you. These are on cards also. You get points based on the tracks that you claim and the routes that you complete.
1645	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Okay, my kids are ages between 18 and 28, and my parents are in their mid 70's and my brothers are in their fifties, that did not stop me from ordering four boy elves in the UK and two boy elves and a girl for the United States. Yes, we are all ready having fun with these little guys and they have all been named and have now all been adopted by mischievous grown ups...it's official as we all have birth certificates!  How can I say anything negative about an elf...other than the havoc and destruction these little things are creating. Products arrived by elf carrier and were early than expected with delivery times. They arrived well packaged, with a book (must read it sometime) and website page so you can officially adopt the little blighter.
4957	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	It was a gift. They seem to like it.
3136	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Our little guy is too young to use it to catch butterflies yet but we have been floating things for him to pick up with it in his pool.  He's still so young, it's mainly used to get things out from under couches and to whack people!  I think it will be used more at the lake and such as he gets a little older!
Small molded details and openings on the underside hull make this look built not molded.

4446	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game. Works great to help the younger ones work on spelling and learn new words.

6273	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	i love the evolutions of eevee and am glad to be able to pick them up :) i recommend this to anyone that loves the evolutions of eevee

5325	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of our favorite games because everyone can play it well.  The tiles are high quality as is the bag the tiles are selected from.  It is fun to play as a family from age 5 and up.  You won't be disappointed.

1 rage drake
4914	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game; instructions very confusing and different from the travel version.
It requires strategy. Not much chance involved at all. No dice.
6689	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 7 year old nephew.  He loves it. It is a quiet activity that challenges him.  To u could play with friends or alone. It is also nice because the cards go in a drawer under the board and it comes with a mesh nag that holds everything.
3135	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These Mighty World sets are great fun, and worth every penny of the price paid.  We have since purchased several more "worlds" for our grandchildren.  They have enough components and fascinating little details to keep kids interested and imagining for a very long time.
6434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old loves this game
Designed by Chris Darden
9466	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for our daughter's first birthday. She absolutely loves it! Double fisting drumsticks, she has earned the nickname bam-bam.


8126	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	THis is a great register for teaching money concepts.  The pretend coins and bills are very close to real money, but without the germs.  The register is sturdy enough, and the buttons are big enough for little hands.  Both my kids, ages 4 and 18 months love this toy.  It is their favorite Christmas present.  I like having them play with the pretend money, rather than the real money that is so filthy.  A great buy for budding accounts!
7384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	What a wonderful introduction to the stock market for the kids. It is a great product and we love it and spend a lot of family game nights with this game. Every one enjoys even those who do not dabble in the stock market. This game is extremely helpful in teaching kids to talk and develop interpersonal skills. they learn to make deals with the other players.
9919	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My daughter informed me she needed eggs for her kitchen.  I bought these simply because they opened . . . but, she is going to go crazy when she realizes they are like a puzzle too.  (she loves puzzle and to organize) Can't wait to giver her these for Christmas!

Pirate fans, fans of the original Fluxx, and people who have an indeterminate amount of time.
5575	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Star Fluxx is an entertaining game in which each player starts with 3 cards, and from there the game just keeps changing. However, Star Fluxx is easy to learn,since each card clearly explains the changes to the game. Star Fluxx begins with just a couple of very simple rules (take a card play a card), but new rules are added to the basic rule, and they take effect immediately. Thus, every game of Fluxx is always different from the previous one.
7236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
6418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	You know a game is good when kids not even 10 years old like it.  You know is a game is good when grandparents want to play it every time you come over to visit them.  And you know a game is good when (in my case) college kids will get together on some Friday night and play it for hours.
4127	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is another must-have expansion for Eldritch Horror.  The new characters alone are worth the price of admission, with a couple of them now being regulars in our games.  The new mythos is tough, and so far we've been close but unable to defeat.  The added encounters are all a nice surprise and add to the variety - as do the new items, spells, unique items, etc.  Also, a nice touch is the addition of all the palces of power, such as stonehenge, which really adds a new twist to the concept of expeditions.  If you haven't gotten Mountains of Madness, then you want to get this set to pick up the new Focus action and tokens which adds another options for your characters.
8775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My 6yr old is enjoying addition and subtraction on this! He has yet to learn multiplication and division but I think it will be a useful tool when he does.
8602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my grandchildren and it was an immediate hit. Yes, I chose right and they are delighted!
8751	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My nearly-4 and 2 year old sons love this toy!  They each have one to prevent the fighting.  They love to dismantle the car and figure out how to get things back on.  Daddy likes to get involved, too!
Basically, you draw a bunch of tiles and try to assemble all of them into a crossword array. If you succeed, you draw more. That's about it, basically-wise. The full rules are a bit more complex. Players all get the same number of letter tiles, the exact number depending on the how many are playing. They race to assemble all their letters into a crossword. As soon as one player succeeds, she calls "peel," at which time every player has to take a another letter tile. And so it goes, on and on, until almost all the letter tiles are used up. Naturally, the first player to have used all her tiles shouts "bananas" (if she still has the presence of mind to remember), and wins the game.
7886	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	This game has been great fun for myself and my almost four year old. My two year old also enjoys it, though she doesn't get color concepts yet. I'm going to assume it's good for her to participate, though.
4451	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After reading all the great reviews, I purchased this for a family Christmas gathering. What a fun game it was to play! It was a big hit with everyone.

One player hides a combination of four colored pegs in a particular order and the second player tries to guess it.  The first player provides feedback about the guess and the first uses deductive reasoning to attempt to guess the pattern of pegs before they run out of guesses.
7654	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love games that are more of an all play.  Have played the original and this just is a bit more up scale.

Overall a great buy if you're a vet and have every expansion set but if you're a newbie, hold off on this one.
5694	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	My first interaction with Fluxx was Zombie Fluxx. It was a gift from someone very dear to me. I loved it, as I loved all zombie things. Now today, I am not really able to play this game. The person I choose to spend my life with hates to their core zombies, and while I might be able to do some zombie things on my side, when I play games it's her I play them with.
988	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift and then said they loved it!
9902	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My MIL had some of these from when my husband was just a wee one and the grand kids still love them so I was thrilled when I found them. the kids love the puzzles and also play pretend kitchen with them.
6862	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I am almost 30 years old and I got this game for my boyfriend and I to play.  I used to have this game when I was little and loved it.  I like the new colors in this one.  The only bad thing is that the big pegs don't all fit in the storage compartment that is attached to it!  How crazy is that?!  So, we just keep them in a separate container and it's not a big deal to me, but it's something you might want to be aware of before you buy.

3443	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Your girls (and boys) will love this product. It's fun and easy to do and the end product is fun to wear.

After an evening  with this game you will readily admit that things are not always as they  appear to be.
The puzzles are very challenging; even with the beginner cards, I got stuck for a while on number 7 or 8 before passing to the next level.  Both of my sons are enjoying this, especially my 7-year-old son who has mild autism.  He is now tackling the advance levels.
Plus, I think the stickers are just cute and were a good price for how many we got.
184	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Loved working on this puzzle as colors were bright and liked melted areas.

I honestly wasn't expecting a lot out of this game when I first eyed it on the Barnes and Noble shelf.  The box itself just looked flimsy and after unwrapping it from the plastic, I confirmed that it wouldnt hold up from a lot of abuse.  I would have honestly gone for something a bit more durable, though I do appreciate the design and theme behind it.  Once you get passed the rather disappointing window dressing, youll realize just how much meat the game actually has.  Its a bit like Zombie Dice, but pushed to the next level.
4160	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I have not had a chance to play the first edition of this game but I had a great time with this one. This is a "living card game", a game type that involves deckbuilding but provides all of the cards for a given set with any expansions rather than just a few, like most collectible card games.  What particularly stands out is how the different factions in the game have cards that match the flavor of the faction.  Gameplay is based on two decks, a plot deck and a draw deck. The plot deck provides a framework and objective for each players turns.
I also purchased these other stickers by the same company and recommend them as well:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pirates-Stickers/dp/B0032ILW5O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pirates Stickers</a>&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Christmas-Stickers/dp/B0032INNQU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Christmas Stickers</a>

6861	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 5 year old son loves this game. It says you have to be 8 years or up to play, but we explained the rules to him and he understood. It is challenging and fun!

First, there's the cheesy cardboard gender specific pieces, and if you have a combination of genders not supported by the pieces, tough.  Why not just do something colorful and abstract like other games.  Add to that the cardboard stand-up pieces are too tall and continually falling over and getting in the way when opponents are continualy passing each other and landing on the same squares as they are continually reaching for that magic 100 and getting sent down a slide to oblivion only to begin the process again.
4983	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this game!  I have given it as a gift numerous times.  This one went home with an international volunteer from Colombia.
1660	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with the product
3517	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Dr. Lucky moves around a sinking ship in a somewhat predictable pattern, while the players attempt to save him.  The catch is that at least one other player must be able to witness your heroic deed.  And of course everyone wants to be the hero, so all the other players want to save him before you do.
6907	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	There is a reason this game has stood the test of time.  this game is very fun and very stimulating.  we got this game for our 5 year old's birthday.  He's a little young to play with no help, but it's very easy to give hints or adjust for ability in this game and he is learning great deductive reasoning skills.  And what kid doesn't love to "crack a code" or make up a code themselves?!  I wish that it was easier to get the pieces in the pockets to fold it up, but that is my only complaint.
I also disagree with the people that say that this expansion is essential. I like it, but I licked the game just fine without it. Also I think it would have been cool if they had added some monsters, but they didn't.
I like this game too because it doesn't take a very long time. It runs about 45 minutes.
2. People might call you a nerd for playing this game
Great game for kids or families.

Fun: Like I said earlier, this is a childhood favorite of mine.  When it was raining outside during recess, we would always play this in the classroom.  "Connect Four" tournaments and "Battleship" tournaments were the norm when I was in grade school.
 2. The rules sound kind of complex at first. It all makes sense after a round or two, but it isn't a simple "pick up and play" game with only a couple of rules.
2466	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	Scrabble it is... locking tiles it isn't.  I guess I didn't catch the other review(s) saying the same thing.  Essentially it's good if you're playing on the couch or some unstable surface... but I don't know that it would qualify as a "travel" version.  The description clearly states it's ideal for playing scrabble in the car, plane, train, etc. -- if the tiles were magnetic and the board folded, yes it would be perfect travel edition.  If the tiles actually locked in place, it would be an ideal travel board.
8132	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for all ages.  As a parent, I still enjoy playing this game.  I just wish they would bring back the original game board.  Everyone needs to have this in their closet. :)
2977	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	So funny..a hit at  the party!

1920	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Amazing to see my Grandchildrens reaction...They love it...
9768	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	kids loved it
744	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun game for the whole family, as long as the family can read. It's not Monopoly, so no one should end up murdered either. Good fun game that we'll enjoy for years to come!
OBJECT
4579	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	After purchasing this game, our poor, well-loved Scrabble game is now collecting dust in the corner! Bananagrams is much more fun, and you don't have to worry about those pesky points.

7079	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this when my son was in kindergarten learning about different coins and their values.  Both my kids love playing grocery store and happily use this along with their shopping cart and kitchen.  Money is very life-like and sound effects and credit card an added bonus.  Would definitely recommend.  I love Learning Resources products!
4675	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The pieces get dirty CRAZY fast, the bones are super hard to hook into place, and the organs also break apart easily.. so if your kids like to squish and pull on squishy things.. the organs will break. Its a good idea for learning and what not.. but don't get this for your kids unless they are older and will really really take care of it and not "play" with it too much.
So, to sum up: Flexible (but complex) game rules with a steep learning curve for Trad. RPG fans, achieves the very difficult goal of modeling events in the DF books, sturdily bound but marred for me by the desire to "gussy up" the contents in a way I found intrusive and unhelpful.
339	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to the game!  The expansion is actually two expansions in one and allows for 6 players.  I feel that in order to play both expansions at the same time 5 or 6 is the number to play with or the buildings don't really come into play.  The new spaces are quite powerful but do come with some drawbacks to discourage players from using them exclusively.  I lost 81 points the first time I played this expansion, be warned.
8169	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	A true classic!  It doesn't totally stay together and kids may need help assembling it, but it's a fun game.
-Governor Cards offer a great deal of variety to many facets of the game, and they seem well balanced after several plays.  In one game, I took a Noble to start the game with 6 victory points, but still ended up losing to a player whose Miner gave an extra gold at the end of each productive season.
498	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is a lot of fun. I like it better than Scrabble because you can make any word you have the letters for, whereas Scrabble only allows you to play a word if there is a place on the board to put it. I've learned some new words from playing this game so much. The only annoyance is the need to shuffle the discard pile 3/4 of the way though a game because there are no more cards left in the deck.
5357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased for my great grandson who likes stragity games.  It is for christmas but it is something he asked for.
3859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Product shipped fast and a great price!  The E-wing is a must for a Rebel Sqd, a very agile, hard-hitting ship with the ability to soak up some damage.
2711	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These cards are amazing for teaching your kids. We have a 9 and an 11 year old. We don't play the 10 second game but have the kids read aloud all the information and then ask them all 8 questions on the back of the card. Cards are made of a thick cardboard and should with stand anything. I highly recommend for all parents.
9098	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a 1st birthday gift for my baby boy, who's a big fan of making noise. This brand was recommended to me for its quality, and I'm not disappointed. My son figured out right away how to bang away. No damage to the drum yet, despite his attempts. He sits on this drum, stands on this drum, and it still looks brand new two months later.
9020	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	This is obviously a fake.  The cards are not made of card material and it is impossible to shuffle them.  The edges of the cards are brittle and breaking right out of the package!  Awful!!!  Do not purchase.
5448	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I would say that I'm too old for a Disney Scene It Game (I'm 21) but the truth is this is great entertainment for anybody of any age who has seen a goodly number of Disney movies (who hasn't?)  The card questions range from easy to challenging and DVD video trivia questions come in similar levels of difficulty.  I brought it out over the Christmas holiday and had the family gather around the TV and we all had a great time shouting out answers and seeing who knew Disney best.  Since there was about six of us I put the DVD game on Party Mode which requires no board or remote really and just runs by itself, asking questions about sound clips, video clips, identifying characters and still images and puzzles and much more.  This was a blast and by far the best way to play the game.
6859	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyed by my 6 and 9-year old son and daughter (and their parents!), this is a great, portable game to exercise thinking and problem-solving skills.  It's the low-tech version of Professor Layton's parking lot maze, but it offers a variety of puzzling challenges.
7695	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful lots of fun
As noted in all of my reviews of FFG X-Wing products, all the ships look great. However, the X-Wing seems particular fragile because of its thin guns. I've played about a dozen games and haven't had any problems with any ship breaking so far. I am not rough with the ships, but I am not overly careful with them either (except perhaps when storing them).

7393	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Classic Candyland! I always loved playing this game when I was a kid and my son does now too!
8640	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fun toy!
7105	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Plays with it everyday!! Possibly her favorite toy!
7708	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I chose this as my toddler's register for the grocery set I want to complete for her.  She loved receiving it and I love that it's so realistic.  There's play money that looks very realistic and a cute credit card.  Cute for general play now, but will be great when teaching her to count money and other math!
2420	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The Elf on the Shelf pets are adorable.  We already have the reindeer for my daughter.  Now, we purchased this for our son, so they each have a pet they can touch and cuddle with.  The story books are really sweet and they are a great bedtime read during the Christmas season.  I love that the books are hardbound and have wonderful illustrations.  They really capture my kids' attention, and that's hard to do with my 2 year old.  The story lines include a wonderful meaning of Christmas magic and cheer.  My kids look forward to the animals "appearing" on Black Friday (when we traditionally put up all of our Christmas decor and Christmas tree) and miss them on Christmas morning since they "fly back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve to help Santa. "

7581	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	always fun

The deluxe version adds score keepers which allows you to easily see (without asking the score keeper) how many tricks you said you will take.  It also allows variances.  On the first hand, there's one trick.  If you're last and two others said they're taking the trick and you've got a non-trump ten, most likely you aren't taking the trick, so you can safely bid 0.  With the wheels, you can all announce your bids simultaneously, and it makes it much harder.  With seven tricks, one wizard and nothing much else, if the others have claimed 6, picking just one is much easier.

We like that all of us can play and that we can play more than one session, when paying attention to the goal.
874	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	We got this game as a Christmas gift, and have enjoyed playing it numerous times already. It has similarities to Monopoly and Risk---collect cards, claim your ground, earn points---but the overall strategy is learned easily and the game can be completed in less time. We'll probably try the European version of this game after mastering this one.
Well worth the money.
9357	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Really nice drum for kids. The price is right. Will take some abuse. Maybe you don't want to turn the tikes loose to hammer this thing into oblivion, but, if adults play along - perfection is attained. Our (grandson) tike is 2 years old and can produce a 4 count when accompanied by an adult. The fundamentals of music and math rolled into one fun experience.
7148	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun!  Three generations played it together and we had a wonderful time.  Will be buying more for others to enjoy. The game can be set up in a couple of minutes and the game goes fast. We played it many times Christmas day when other electronic games were available.
55	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loved it very much.
Awards: 2013 Club Fantasci Childrens Game of the Year, 2013 Parent Tested Parent Approved, 2013 Family Choice Award, ASTRA Best Toys for Kids Finalist and Sharp As A Tack Outstanding Education Value Honorable Mention
I loved it as a kid and I know he will too.
I took one star away as the hands lacked an important feature. They come stitched together which limit the function for positions, etc a great deal. They should put strong magnets in the hands so that you can separate them and use them for metal object ideas, etc.

3066	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love doing them and for the price I love it. If you go to walmart you will price lot more for it.
8381	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I played this game as a kid, and this past Christmas we gave it as a gift to my wife's nephew and niece who are within the appropiate age group.  As a bonus, we even got a rebate for the item, since removed the Toys R Us shelves.

9436	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my son's 5th birthday party to meet a theme requirement. I found it durable and well made. The kids loved it.
This game is a regular at my tabletop, fun and simple enough for everyone.
9504	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great
6784	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game for me or my children to play solo or work together to solve a more complicated puzzle. It works our brains harder than anticipated.

6347	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Battleship was one of my favorite games as a child.  Now, my son is able to share in that experience.  We just picked up the new Battleship game about a week ago, and he loves it!  I also like the changes that have been made to the game.  For instance, when I was a child, the game was fairly basic.  By that I mean that the containers were plain and there weren't many graphics to give the game a real "military" feel.  Now, the game is much more realistic.  The bottom part of the playing grid where the ships are placed has waves etched into the surface.  In addition, the top part of the playing grid has the look of a submarine periscope.  And, the game boxes themselves look like mini laptop computers.
7775	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most exciding games my family and I have ever played. Better get some ear plugs because it gets loud.
8369	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Put this together for our 3 year old and he loves it. He enjoys just setting up the trap and repeatedly getting the mice.
3082	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	well pleased
1157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	I played last night for the first time. Once with 2 players and another time with 3 players. I like it cause the rules are pretty simple and it's fun (maybe it's because I won twice)!  It'll be interesting to play with more than 3 players because I'm pretty sure your routes will get blocked more often. It is a little pricey but the quality is good for what you pay for.
Overall 5 stars for it's fun, strategy, and learning (memory & math mostly).
8237	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Such a classic game! I'm glad they are still selling this. I can't wait to introduce my kids to it soon.
9030	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, attractive drum. Not terrribly loud. Not cheap, but worth the price. Two year old and 4 year old loved this drum. I will get another drum from this set for the next birthday.
To begin, each player is dealt three cards. If a player receives a Creeper card, mostly evil creatures from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" in this variant (and, of course, the Spanish Inquisition, which no one expects), the Creeper is immediately laid down and another card drawn to replace it.
9152	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	better than expected.

The illustrations are fun, too!
5 does not come with rear steer, or in a rear steer separate version.
2851	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 2 year old daughter loves the Llama Llama book series. We bought her this "little llama" for Christmas and she has brought it to bed with her every night since.
6420	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Fun game, works well, but made very cheaply
7417	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Game from my daughters childhood. Now its my granddaughters time! Never stop making it!
4100	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for X-wing and Armada!
1402	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the greatest games ever made. Perfect for my family because it's easily learned, has some strategy and is fun. We had to search around the net to find answers to two questions not clearly explained in the instructions, and an inner corner of the board is peeling slightly, but those are very minor issues.

5255	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Simply put, this game is for all ages.  Just a delight to play, so easy to learn, but with so many twist and turns.  There is usually no clear winner till the very end of the game.  When the game is finally completed, with a 'surprise' winner so many times, I am always reminded of what Yogi Berra said: "It aint over till the fat lady sings."  I usually don't get to sing, but this is still a fascinating game.

New update:  It's been a year, my daughter is about to turn 5, and I'm still really excited about this bank.  We took her "share" money and looked at charities online.  She chose to give to the Word Wildlife Fund, which has a cool thing where if you donate a certain amount of money, they'll send you a stuffed animal of the animal that you choose to sponsor.  She's definitely still no expert of money, but she's doing really well for her age, and understands when I say things like "we can't afford this," or "let's save up money for that."  Great, great purchase.
9602	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I didn't purchase this for fun value, but, it's educational value is awesome!  Even my 4 year old walks around pretending it's a calculator all the time!  He's learning and is having too much fun to know it.  Good purchase!
100	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I'm a mental health therapist that works with kids, many of whom have anger control issues. All kids love playing Uno and this is essentially Uno with anger control tips to learn along the way. Although I felt that 20.00 was a little expensive for a card game, it's gotten more than its fair share of use. It's great to start conversation with kids who just want to play a game and aren't super interested in talking. I even had one of my clients ask his mom to buy the game so they could play at home. My one complaint is that the cards are very big! It's hard for a lot of my kids to actually hold the cards since they're like supersized playing cards.
The theme is a dystopian future run by Mega Corporations and inhabited by hackers called Netrunners. It is a two player game. One player takes on the role of the Corporation and the other plays as the Runner. The object of the game is to be the person to score 7 points.
7064	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	All grandkids love this.  We bought this based on reviews.  Spouse liked it, but I was skeptical.  Reviews were correct.  All the kids have loved it so far.  All kids are 5 and under.  I imagine that when they are learning to count money it will be helpful too.
5443	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	If you're an obsessive fan of all the new B effort motion pictures and direct-to-video sequels being pumped out by the Disney studio, then you're likely to be very pleased with this game, which seems to give a lot more attention to Bolt and the newest Winnie the Pooh cash-in than the classic masterpieces that made Disney a household name in the first place.  Few and far between are My Play and All Play questions relating to the classics, instead utilizing the game as a sort of advertisement for all the garbage that isn't already in your video collection.

8188	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Couple of scratches on plastic. but its okay


3039	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	These work great to save on dishes, very sturdy won't get soggy and limp like other plates.
The book that is included with the kit takes the kids step by step through the "dissection" process. Using the kit's forceps and tweezers the kids are expected to take apart the body and place the organs on the enclosed chart.  The book shows a snapshot of each step and then goes on to describe the function of each part.  The book is written for the kids to read themselves. It has brightly colored pictures and lots of labels that relate to things kids know about.  A phonetic pronunciation follows the more complex terms such as alveoli (al-VEE-o-lie).  It also includes a few "gross alerts" about scabs and zits.
7624	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun game for young kids. Thanks
Now I haven't played a lot of Fantasy Flight Games, odd I know as a person who really enjoys physical games. I don't know if they normally do this or not, but i was a little disappointed that the tutorial is 2 player based for a game that advertises 2-4 players. In most cases, I am always going to have 3 or more people learning a new game with me as most the games I play start with a minimum of 3 anyway. The Joust rules are clear,  shows examples, and well everything a tutorial should be. The Melee Rules , the rules for 3 to 6 players (6 with expansions) and covered on 2 pages compared to the 8 for the tutorial. This isn't to say the tutorial isn't useful for 3... I just wish  they had focused on 3 instead of two. With the tutorial and the melee rules, the game proved a little challenging to pick up but not impossible. I am sure it will flow naturally after a few more play throughs.
2157	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Our three grandsons, (9, 8 and 7) have played this game all through the holiday.  They didn't have any trouble understanding or playing the game.
3236	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE Arkham Horror with a burning passion, and when I found out that FF made an expansion based on my favorite H.P. Lovecraft story, I almost had a seizure of happiness. This big box expansion comes with more mythos and other world cards, as well as a set of Innsmouth Look cards which have killed me and my friends more than once. It also comes with aquatic movement monsters , more investigators and the the town of Innsmouth add on board. It can be challenging at times but then again, it is Arkham Horror. I recommend this to any fan of Lovecraft and the Arkham Horror series.
2) Chinese Checkers: This set does NOT utilize real glass marbles which look aesthetically pleasing in their soft pearlized hues and feel pleasantly organic to the touch. Oh no. Rather this set comes with cheap, pathetic little lightweight plastic "balls" in obnoxious primary colors. The pathetic plasticness of these "balls" renders them utterly useless for anything other than annoyingly rolling to the four corners of the Earth -- at every touch, turn, hiccup, and/or breath!

4246	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Fluxx is a really fun game in general. All the rules are on the cards. It's very simple to learn and has a lot of replay value. Games can be quick 10 minutes or drag on for more. It depends on the people you play with and how strategic they are with playing cards in order.

7354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great family game.  We have 3 kids - age 17, 15, 10 - and we all love to play this on family night!

7022	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning tool
WHAT DID I DISLIKE ABOUT THE GAME:

3084	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	what can one say about lunch napkins?  they came just as they look.  They work like a napkin should.
7233	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great game really enjoyed!
1680	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My grandchildren and their parents had too much fun with this.
What I *don't* understand personally is one reviewer's comments that this book is "better" than Your Story. They form a complementary set for a GM - he or she will need both books to run a campaign - but players will find Our World of limited use in a game (and possibly a total spoiler bring-down into the bargain). Bottom line: You can play DFRPG with only Your Story. I can't envision the same being done with only Our World, and the publishers never intended that you should try.
Pros

One of the things I like best about this game is its ability to accommodate up to 10 players. Very few board games can handle such a large group. In my opinion, the more players there are on the track, the more fun the game gets. The track can get a bit crowded and players can be more aggressive and take more chances that may negatively effect their own vehicle or the vehicles around them. This ups the competitive nature of the game, and with the right group of players, there's sure to be plenty of trash-talking and friendly jibes.
2621	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for my grandaughter
1418	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is another one of those games that is a fairly simple concept and rule set, but provides a challenge every time and never seems to get old.  It is currently our family favorite.
9312	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	2.0	The bags didn't have enough beans in them. Disappointed.
Execution-The box is nice and hardy.  The path indicators are cute plastic trains that are a nice addition to the game.  The board has a nice layout and is easy to read.  AND, I know the Days of Wonder LOVES me since the game comes with plastic bags for each player's components.  I absolutely love when a company does that! 5/5
One recommendation though... be careful when taking this out for the first time. We must have mistook the plastic sheet that goes over the organs for wrapping. I did not realize until we finished putting it together that it came with this sheet. BUT it's an easy fix if you just cut a sandwich bag, so not a huge deal.
8524	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	We are a game-obsessed family and this game does not disappoint! So often our 6 year old feels left out when the grown ups play games but this is a great game that she can play (and win!!) right along with us. This game is a new family favorite!
468	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I love regular Quiddler and have bought this for my great niece and nephew.  Great for reading and thinking skills.  I think they will enjoy playing this with their mom!
Club Fantasci on Google+: Club Fantasci
(4) Tarn Mison, a pilot skill 3 unique pilot that costs 23 points, who has another nice special ability that reads, "When an enemy ship declares you as the target of an attack, you may acquire a target lock on that ship." A free target lock is never a bad thing.
6626	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is just a fantastic rattle, I cannot say enough good things about it. My son was a preemie and only 4 pounds when he came home and although he was small and this rattle on the larger side, miraculously within a month he was grasping this rattle. It really helped to develop his hand dexterity/hand eye coordination as well as develop his overall senses from very early on. He just loved this rattle and would stare at it in facination as well as shake it as he grew and became stronger. It remained his favorite "shake/noise maker" for quite a while. I highly recommend this rattle, it is just a wonderul first toy for fun and developement and very interesting to little babes!
If you love strategy games and are looking for a 2 player game to add to your collection buy this!  I even purchased an extra copy of the base set for when my kids get older just in case it ever goes out of print ... it is that good!
2797	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my nephew who loves the Pete series. My sister says he adores it and can ise it easily.  It's very well made and he lives popping the button. A perfect accessory to go with the books.


1201	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I first encountered Ticket to Ride with my family back home and decided to buy it to play with college friends. We all love it -- it is the perfect game for players of all ages, well balanced, strategic, and well laid out. I highly recommend this as a family game, a game with friends, or even a game with archnemeses. The best part is that it's really hard to tell who's winning until the end!
7965	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This Cash Register actually works! The only drawback is there are only 3 places for bills. So, you have to put the $20's and $10's in the same place, the $5's in one, and the $1's in the other. Then you have the spaces for the change. It comes with the play money! It also comes with the pretend credit card. My little girl enjoys getting on the real phone and telling people to hold on and pretending to ring people up and then going back and when the person asks if she was playing, she tells them, "NO, I was working!" It really adds, subtracts, multiplies, and divides! Has a little paper pad for them write little notes.
7089	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Great learning toy for children from 3-10, in my opinion.  Kids love playing store, and this register allows for some good creative, as well as educational, play.
7497	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	my 6 year old loves this game
9722	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Easy to assemble and take down.  Perfect for the beach.
5122	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My Mom loves these games.  Thanks

The components for Dungeon Roll are very good. The artwork is very nice, the dice are high quality with cool graphics and the tokens are small but serviceable and sturdy. The box is a cool treasure chest look for the packaging but I can see the lip on the inside getting damaged fairly easy so take care when closing the box. The Hero Cards are very attractive and of decent quality. As much room as in on the card, the text could have been bigger for people with eyesight issues but that is a super small quibble.
Although I am not a professional at musical instruments by any means, I can pretty much tell by looking at it that this one will be durable and not fall apart like the other I had purchased.  I do enjoy the sounds that the children can make on this drum and thats all that matters..that we are all having fun and enjoying this instrument.
4831	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Thank you!


Given that the cheapest one costs 27 points you'll never need more than three for a standard 100 point game.  At a minimum, I think it adds enough to get one or two, which is what I did to start.
The book provides detailed directions for seven different dog breeds in addition to abbreviated suggestions for how to create an unlimited number of breeds on your own.
Each player receives forty-five train cars in one color, and places a matching round token of that color on a scoring track. A large board is placed in the middle of the table, with a map of America (circa late 1800's) superimposed upon it. Thirty-six cities are there, each connected by one or two "railroad lines". These lines are made up of one to six spaces, and are one of eight colors: purple, yellow, black, white, green, red, blue, brown, and gray (neutral color). A deck of "tickets" is shuffled, and three are dealt to each player. Players may discard one of them, but must keep at least two of them. Each ticket has two cities on them, and a point value that a player will receive if they connect those two cities, or lose if they don't connect the cities. The remainder of the ticket cards are shuffled and placed in a face down pile next to the board. A pile of train cards is shuffled, and four are dealt to each player. The remainder are shuffled and placed next to the board, then five of them are turned over and placed face-up next to the draw pile. The player who has traveled the most goes first, and then play continues clockwise around the table.

7173	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	The three year old grandson loves this. Getting the concept of following the path and not jumping to the castle is next. LOL

7656	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My 4 year olds favorite game! He will even play by himself.
9 out of 10

4839	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love these puzzles!  My son enjoys them and they are great to encourage logical thinking.  We have most of the Perplexors in the series, check the others out.  Great for gifted learners.  My only complaint is the book is thin, so not too many puzzles and they can be gone through quickly.  I have just scanned the puzzles and reprinted them at a later date so my son can work the puzzle again.  Of course with enough time in-between so he doesn't remember the answers.  I highly recommend these!
3202	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This is a good set, great for a new cook or as a house-warming gift, or just to fill out a cook's colletion of pans.  The two sizes -- *LARGE* and large -- allow for a number of possibilities.  The largest pan is definitely big enough for a 20+-pound turkey.  It's really huge!  The smaller of the two pans is 10.5"x15" (larger than the standard 9x13 baking pan), and could easily handle two chickens or a large pan of lasagne.
7653	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	Love board games for kids.. and, they like them to.. play more board games. thanks Hasbro
4112	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun, challenging puzzle!
Be aware of sellers however, I bought mine from Lucky Couple and it was counterfeit so definitely review the seller comments!
6808	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Gift for my niece. She was very pleased = finds it to be fun. Arrived as expected.
I also love the stat markers. Much, much better than the old ones.
5810	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I find these Dot to Dot books to be very interesting and challenging. There not as easy as i,2,3. The designs are American icons across the country. They are educational as well as attractive. And, bonus, answers are in the back!
2404	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful
6783	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
Some comments on the game...
5890	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	At first impression I thought to myself, "I got ripped off!" Then I read the instructions (need improving as it doesn't describe the game fully in my opinion), watched a couple of youtube videos and realized this is a simple yet fun game!! Going to order the expansion cards next!
Overall, this is very good model for Star Wars fans, and hard to pass expansion for X-Wing players.
1354	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This game is so much fun!  As a young adult, my friends and I have a great time with it.  It might be too complicated for a young child, but is one of my personal favorites.
5434	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	I should point out that I am completely unfamiliar with the series, and will be relating what my wife, her cousin and her mother say about the game. I should also note that they are HUGE fans. In the week that I got the game, they have been over twice to play. As a point of reference, my mother-in-law was last here about a month ago and my wife's cousin hasn't been over in months. I wish I could say it was my charm and devilishly good looks.....alas, that is probably not the case. As a non-participant, I can tell you that they get very excited. Seeing some clips, the video look great, everything is clear, and it seems pretty easy to play. Of course they know everything, well, my wife's cousin does, and she makes it look easy. My wife finds it the most challenging....but they love it, and it's a great excuse for them to get together. It's not that my wife's cousing runs away with it, she still finds it challenging. I should also mention that my wife is not really a "game person." And for her to enjoy a game so much is pretty impressive to me....so, if you are a fan, I think you must buy this. My wife agrees. My mother-in-law agrees. My wife's cousin, well, her birthday is comming up, and she is very clear on what she wants....this!
8384	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	My Grandson will love it!!
9048	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Love this drum worth the money!
We played last night and when it was over they wanted to play another game but we said another time. Score big time for Quiddler!!!
2905	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	This bear is just the right size for hugging and cuddling with the babes.  Sweet dreams are made from such as this.
4312	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	4.0	great game, just wished kids would have played it more
8402	Toys_and_Games_5	NEG	1.0	Perhaps it was the nostalgia, perhaps the clever packaging. Whatever compelled me to buy this game, I hope you do not fall prey to the same misguided intention.
7800	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	what a surprise this was to learn math and play at the same time............so excited about this it wasn't even ask for
4th Edition: A 32-page manual stapled together on magazine-grade paper.  This is less a player's manual than it is a long, single-player choose-your-own-adventure.  Some of the rules that one needs to know in order to play 4th Edition are included here, including picking a race and a class, as well as how to roll attacks, but they are casually thrown in during the descriptions of the sample adventure.  There are no core rules really listed here, and anyone that would need to quickly roll up a character, research basic attack maneuvers, or find a description of gear, spells, or other abilities is going to be out of luck.  None of these basic functions are anywhere to be found in these 32 pages.  While a 32-page adventure sounds like a lot of fun, the adventure lacks a real storytelling hook, as most of the backstory and plot is required to come from the player's imagination alone.  Frustratingly little context is given by the guide itself.  Plus, the guide separates each scenario four ways for each core class (Fighter, Rogue, Wizard, Cleric), so you're only really playing through an 8 page adventure with very few branched paths.  All in all, the book intrigues a new player well enough to stay interested, but as a guidebook, it fails.  Once you've read it once and "created" a character, you'll never want to touch it again (unless you're forced to play through the whole thing again in order to create another character, which you will not want to do).  Overall, 4/10.
-----------
All in all, Candy Land should be fun for younger kids, and is something good for parents to play with them. You can always change things up a bit and use your favorite smaller toys as game pieces if your kids ever get sick of the gingerbread men. Pokemon and Ghostbusters in Candy Land makes for some zany fun.
Happy Reader
487	Toys_and_Games_5	POS	5.0	Super fun game!  Our family loves it.  Great for 2+ players!
